>gene_45657|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gacgacagaaaaatagatagttatttggataaaatagaacactcaaagaatggcgaaaaggtattctatgaggatgtattgcaatggggtagaaaagaagattttgaagctaatccagaactaaaagaaaaggcaacagaagcccttgaaaaatatgctacagacttccaaaagcgtaaccctaatttgcgtgtaattggtgcatatatccatctggatgaagcaagcccacatttacaccttgattatgtaccgatagcaagtggctacaagcaaggtatgagcttgcgtaatagtcttgataaagctctggagcaacaaggcatagagatagtcaaagaccgaaagaggacagttaaagacaaagaaactggagaagagaaagaggtcgagcttaaagagggtagatataacaaccgaactatggcttggaaagagcgtgagcgtgagtatttcggtgaaatctgccaagagctagggcttgaacttgaagaagaacagcatttaggcagaaaacagctgacagttgcagagtacaaggaagctgaaaggcgaatgcttgagcctatccagaaagaagctgatagacagcaagaatacattgaagccctgaaagagggtggagcttataccaacgagcaaggcgaaagggaatttataagctatacagatagcattgaacacctagaaaccactcaagagcatttaagtaataatgctttcgcttacaaagagggtggttggttctatgatacggaaaagcaagagggctttactatcccagagggtggaattgagcagaaaatcaaagaagcagagtccgaagccgaacggatcacggacgaagcttctggaagagctgacgagataatagccgaagcgaatggcaagcttgatacaatgctgagccaattagaagcctatgagagcgaccagaaggctcaaattcgtgaaaaggtaaaaatatacgagcaagaccagaaaaaagccgtagagggcaaattagagcctttacagagccaattagacaacacctcaaaggctattgagcgtaacaatggcattctgcaagaccagataaaccaatataattccaatttagaaaccattaaagggcaatctgaagctataacctcaaacactagcaatctggaagaactcgaaaaacagcttgattccaaggctcaagagcttgagcaaaagtccaggacaatttcaagcctggataaagttggcgaaaagctacgaacccaaggagcagaggtctatcaagcagagttgccagatggctttatgaagaaaaagacagtcactgtcatagagggttatagccccaaggagcttgaaagaatcatccagagggcaagtcttaaccaatctgtacaaaagaccgtagaaaaggcaaatacggatgctcaaggcataataaataatgccaaggctcaagctaatcagcttttagcacagcaacaagccaatattgaccgagcaaatgagcttattcgtggcgaagctgaacgcaaacgcaagcttgacgcttacgaaaagacagttaaagaaaaaaatgcaagtcttacagccgagaacagcaagctccagagccaaaacacacagcttcgagaagataataataatctatctggtatcaatgagtatctgcgtgatgaatacgacactctgaaagacaacatacaccaagacgaagccttgttaaaagacctcaatgcagaggttgagcgaaagagtgcattcgtggatgcagagctttctccagaacagcttgaaaaaatgcttaatgacagcgttgtaactaatctggtacaagatactatgcaccagacctgtttgcagctagaagaaaaaggtctacttgaaagtggtgctatggcttatatgaagcttgatagaaaacctatccttgaacgatttaaagagcagataccagaatttattgataaggtcaaagagcatatccagaagatggctgaaagggttatccataaaggacttaaacgataa
>gene_40907|DNA replication protein
atgtcaaagcatcttttttccgattcggtagttagaaccgatgaatttttagaattatctcaagatgccaaggtgggatttttcgcgctgctgactgaagctgacccatacggcctgctgaagggcgccaagggtgcattgaagctataccgatgccaaccgggaaccatcgacgaattagagcaggcaggctttattatccgttttccgagcggagtagtagctatcaggcattttttcgtgatgaacactcttcgaaaagatcgagagttaaaaacgctgtatccgttggaatacaagcagcttttcagggatgaagcgggcatttaccacgaaaaaacgggaggatatcccggcgaaagcggagaaaatgccgaaaacggcagtgtttgcggcggagatcgaggcgacggcggagaaccggcggaaccggcccggcagaccggcagcgtcgaagaatacgcgcgggccaaccttgagaacctaacgagcgcacacatagcagagcttgcggaatacggcaaagagctgccggaagatgttctcttctacgcgatcgacgaaacgacggcggcgggccatagatcgttctcatactgccgagcgatcattaagcgatgtgtcgatcagggattaacgaccatcgaggcagtaaaggcggagcaggccaagcgcgaacagatgcgaaaggcaaccggcagaacggcagaacaggcaaagccggcagcgctgcaatacgaacaacgggaatacaaggccgatgatttcagcgaaggatttttcgtcgatttattggccgaggcggaagcagacaagcaagaaccgggcttttaa
>gene_3323|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgctgttccatccgtttaaaaccatattcaatacgattggggattcgttagagtggttgtttcatgccggatggagaaggtgcaagagcggaaagctggtgtcctattgcggattatttggtaaagggaaaaccttatccgctgtccatgaagttacatacttgtacaacaagtacaataacaaaaaggtatatgacaagtttcggaaacgttgggtccggcagaaaattgttgtttactccaacgtggatttagcaatcccgtatatcaaatttacgggattacagcagatggttgatgtagcagcacaacgagaacagattgacgaagtctttggcactcttacgatttcgttgttcctcggggatgaattctccgtacagatgaacagtcgtgcgtttaagagtaatttcaatccgttgttgctcaatacgattctcacgtgtcgacatcattatatttctctttatatgacttcccagagattcgcacactgtgatgctctgctccggcaggtaacgagttatgtggtggattgtgataaggtctggcgttatgtgaagaattattgctatgatgcgtgggaaatggagaacgcaacgaacgtgatgcttcttaagcctatccggcggaagtgttggttcgctacgaataaagaattcgcgaattatgatactcttgcatgtgtggacaaccttataaaagattgcgaagatggaaagatgctttctgacaaggagattctggaactgcagggctatgacactgttggtattgacggaattgtaaaaccgtcacggaaacttaagaaagcacgcaaggccggagcatag
>gene_35116|RepXfA
atgaaaaataatcatacccgcgcaaagcgtggagaggttaagggctggtctaagactgcctctcgcaataacactaaattccttcgctctgtatacgttcctgacctcactggcgctgctgtggcgtttacgctcactatccgcgattgtcctccaacgtctgacgattggaaaaaactccgcgaggctttcatcgttcgccttcgtcgtgctggtctggttcgtcttcactggcttactgaatggcaaaagcgtggcgttccccatttgcatgggatcgcttactttcctgatgcctatgagccttcgaccgtcatttggaattggcttgctgttgcagaaaagtacggtgcaaatatccgttctcagcatgttgtacctgtcacggatatgcagggctggtttatgtacctggctaagcacgctggccgttctgagactcactatcagcgcaaccctgagtttgtccctgctggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtatggggttactgtggtgattggcccattgatgagcctattaagctaaaaccttctcatgctgcgttctgcgctcttaggcgcatttgtcgcaactggcgtattgcagatgcccgttcagctaattatggcaaagtgaaagacgctgaaaagaaacgccgtcgccgtattgtctccgcgcggacaatgttgcgctgtaacaagctggggcagtctgcctgccatggtgtctctgagtggatcccgctcgatgcgtctctgacggctgcttactggtgcatgtctcagcacccgatgccggaggtagacgattcacgccatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_39348|replication protein PDa0002, partial
ccctccactgtaatctggaattggatcgccgttgctgagaagtacggctgcaatatgcgctcgcagcatgttgtacctatcacggatatgcagggttggttcatgtacctggctaagcatgctggccgctctgagactcactatcagcgcaatcctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccattgatgagcctgtgacgcttgatgcctctcacaaggctttctgtgcgcttaggcgtatttgccggaactggcgtcttgccgatgcccgttcagccaattacggcactgtgaaggacgcagaaaagaagcgccgccggcgtattatctccgcccgcagaatgctccgctgtaataagctcggtcagtccgcttcgcacggtgtttctgagtggatccctctcgatgtttcccttaccgctgcgtactggtgtatggccagtcaccccatgccggaagtagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_32781|RepXfA
atgaagaataatcatgagcgcgccaagcgcggggaagttaaaggctggtctaaaagcgcctcccgcaacaacaccaaattccttcgctccgttcacgttcccgatctcactggcgctgctgtggcgtttacgctaactattcgtgattgcccgccatcatctgaggattggaagatcctccgcgagaatttcattaagcgccttcgccgtgctgggatggtgcgccttcactggcttacggaatggcaacagcggggtgttcctcaccttcacgggatcgcctattttcctgatgcttacgaaccctccactgtaatctggaattggatcgccgttgctgagaagtacggctgcaatatgcgctcgcagcatgttgtacctatcacggatatgcagggttggttcatgtacctggctaagcatgctggccgctctgagactcactatcagcgcaatcctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccattgatgagcctgtgacgcttgatgcctctcacaaggctttctgtgcgcttaggcgtatttgccggaactggcgtcttgccgatgcccgttcagccaattacggcactgtgaaggacgcagaaaagaagcgccgccggcgtattatctccgcccgcagaatgctccgctgtaataagctcggtcagtccgcttcgcacggtgtttctgagtggatccctctcgatgtttcccttaccgctgcgtactggtgtatggccagtcaccccatgccggaagtagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_35117|RepXfA
atgaagaataatcatgagcgcgccaagcgcggggaagttaaaggctggtctaaaagcgcctcccgcaacaacaccaaattccttcgctccgttcacgttcccgatctcactggcgctgctgtggcgtttacgctaactattcgtgattgcccgccatcatctgaggattggaagatcctccgcgagaatttcattaagcgccttcgccgtgctgggatggtgcgccttcactggcttacggaatggcaacagcggggtgttcctcaccttcacgggatcgcctattttcctgatgcttacgaaccctccactgtaatctggaattggatcgccgttgctgagaagtacggctgcaatatgcgctcgcagcatgttgtacctatcacggatatgcagggttggttcatgtacctggctaagcatgctggccgctctgagactcactatcagcgcaatcctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggccgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccattgatgagcctgtgacgcttgatgcctctcacaaggctttctgtgcgcttaggcgtatttgccggaactggcgtcttgccgatgcccgttcagccaattacggcactgtgaaggacgcagaaaagaagcgccgccggcgtattatctccgcccgcagaatgctccgctgtaataagctcggtcagtccgcttcgcacggtgtttctgagtggatccctctcgatgtttcccttaccgctgcgtactggtgtatggccagtcaccccatgccggaagtagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_31673|RepXfA
atgaagaataatcatgagcgcgccaagcgcggggaagttaaaggctggtctaaaagcgcctcccgcaacaacaccaaattccttcgctccgttcacgttcccgatctcactggcgctgctgtggcgtttacgctaactattcgtgattgcccgccatcatctgaggattggaagatcctccgcgagaatttcattaagcgccttcgccgtgctgggatggtgcgccttcactggcttacggaatggcaacagcggggtgttcctcaccttcacgggatcgcctattttcctgatgcttacgaaccctccactgtaatctggaattggatcgccgttgctgagaagtacggctgcaatatgcgctcgcagcatgttgtacctatcacggatatgcagggttggttcatgtacctggctaagcatgctggccgctctgagactcactatcagcgcaatcctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccattgatgagcctgtgacgcttgatgcctctcacaaggctttctgtgcgcttaggcgtatttgccggaactggcgtcttgccgatgcccgttcagccaattacggcactgtgaaggacgcagaaaagaagcgccgccggcgtattatctccgcccgcagaatgctccgctgtaataagctcggtcagtccgcttcgcacggtgtttctgagtggatccctctcgatgtttcccttaccgctgcgtactggtgtatggccagtcaccccatgccggaagtagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_53761|replication protein PDa0002, partial
atgaagaataatcatgagcgcgccaagcgcggggaagttaaaggctggtctaaaagcgcctcccgcaacaacaccaaattccttcgctccgttcacgttcccgatctcactggcgctgctgagactcactatcagcgcaatcctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccattgatgagcctgtgacgcttgatgcctctcacaaggctttctgtgcgcttaggcgtatttgccggaactggcgtcttgccgatgcccgttcagccaattacggcactgtgaaggacgcagaaaagaagcgccgccggcgtattatctccgcccgcagaatgctccgctgtaataagctcggtcagtccgcttcgcacggtgtttctgagtggatccctctcgatgtttcccttaccgctgcgtactggtgtatggccagtcaccccatgccggaagtagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_1211|Recombination protein
atggcaggttgtcaatggatgaaattcaaaggagcccaacaatccaaagcagtgttatgtcataatgacaagcaggaacgtaagaaacatagtcactcaaacgaggagattgatacgagtaaaacagacctcaacatagacctcctcggatgggattataatttcaaatgcaaggcttacgattacaagattaaagaacttgaagcaaatgcaattcggttgcgagcggatagagtgacaatggttggaattgagattcccattccaaacgagataccagatgcagacatccaaagatttgttgaacggtctgtcagtgcagttattgatactgttggtcctgagaatatcattgcagtagatgagcactctgacgaacagcatacgtacgtagatgctaagaccaaacaagaacgtctttcgatgaggcatattcatgtctcttgtgtacctggtgtcgatggacgtctgaacgggaagcaattctgcacgcggagtaggatggtcaaactcaataatgagatgcagaagatatgtgaaactgagtttggctgtaagtttatgactggagagaaaactaagtcaagtgataatgttgagagccttaagttaaaatcacggaaggctgaagttgaggtaaaagagcaaggacttaaaaccagaagcaaggaacttgacgatagagaagcagaactggacagtagagaagaagagttgcatagaataagtgatgctcttgaccagaaggctaaagaactgcataccaatgaggaacttgagcaggctttacagaactcttggaaagcgtttgagaaagcccgtgttttt
>gene_50019|replication protein RepB
atggcagagcatgcaacctccgacgaatcggaggatttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccgcttctggacgggcgttctgtatccagagaatatgcgggaggactgggagattgcgataggcgatgtcgtccaatatccctatgcctactgcaagcacacccaggacaaggatacgaagtcagagcaccggaaagaccatgtgcatctgatcttagcctttccgaacaccactacatacaagcacgctatgagcgtcttctctctgctctccgcagagggaaagaaggccttgaacaaggtcgaggctgtcataggcatccgcaatgtctatgactacctaatccatgataccgagacctgccgtaagcagggtaaggaactgtacgacaaggaagaccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggcgcagctgataagcaccagatgttcctggaactgagtgatgccattcggcagcacggtttcacgaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggctgatacctacgaggacattaactacttcgaggtcttcagaacctacagcagccactttgagaggctgaccaggggcaactatcagcggtatgagcaaggccgtttgaggacttttgatgctccgtcacagggcaaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaaaacacccctctcagctgcccgcattgtgggtctattgatatcgtaaaacggggtaaaaccgcagcaaatagccaacgttggggctgtaaagattgcggaaatcggttcatcgaagactga
>gene_2041|Replication protein
atggaacaggaaagacgggctgtgtcagatctaagattaagaacagtcgttaaggctaacgagttgatacaaaaaagccgatttagcctttctttacaacaacaaaagattgtgttgtatttgattagccagattaaaccctatgacgaagatttcaaaacctatgagttcagtattgctgagttctgccgtgtgtgtggtatcgatgagacaagcggtaagaactaccaggatgttaaaacggcaattaaagagatagcagataagagtgtttggatagaaaccgaagacggccgggaaactttggtgcgttggatttctaagccttacataaataaaaaaagtggaacggttcagatctgcctggatagcgatatgaaaccgtatttgctccaactaaaaaagaactttactaagtatgaactgctatggacgctaaaattcagaagcaaatattcgaccaggttctatgagttaatcaaaagcgttcattatcacgaattggaagagtatcagagaacgtttagcctggatgaactgcgtagaatgttaggcgcagagaactacaaaacgtatcagacattcaaaacgagagttcttaatcctgtgataaatgagatcaatgcttattctgacaaagaggtaagttttgagccaattaagaacggtcgggcagttgctaaaattagattgtctattggaacaaaagacgtgatagacaggcttagacttcaaagcaccatcgaacacgaattaggcttagaccaactaacactatgggatgacttggaagaaaggggtctaatcaatgggtgcagtgatggagattaa
>gene_56837|recombinase
atgaagggagtgttttgcaatatggcacactttgaaaaatttacaaaggcggcaagttggcaagtgctcgaacacgataagcacacacgagaaggcgagcacatcgacaagaacaagaccgccgagaattacaacttgcaacaccgtgcggacccttggcaattcgtcaaggacaaacttgcggaatctaagcaaacaggggcgagaatcaactcccgcaccgtcgcccttgtctcgtgtgtggttacattacccaaggactacaaaggcgacccgaagcaattcttcgaggagtgcaaaaaataccttgacggtcttttcggtgctgagaattgtgtcagtgcttgggtgcatatggacgagaagagtccgcacttgcattataaattttgtccgattgttaaagagggcgacctcttaaaattcaacgcgaaggcactcatttcccgcaactttttgaagtcattccatgccaacatggagaaacacctcgccggtgttcttggtcgtcccgttggaattgtaaacggtgcaacaagtcaaggcaaccaaacaatcaaacaattgaaggcactgagcgaggtcaccgctcgacttgattccgctcgtaaagacctcgacaaccttctcgacgaatacaacgaggaagttgatgccttcaataaattacttgacgaggtggacgagttgcaacaccgtgcgaaaaagttgcgagatatttctcagcgattagaggcacacatcaaagacctcaaaaaagaaatttcaaaccttgagggtgaggagtttgctcctatttttaacaacaaggaccgcatcggcgagcgttga
>gene_21904|replication initiator protein
atggcagaagaaaagcgtaaagcggattatcgcccagaagtgaagttgacagtacggaatgactttataacggccgattatccggtcgatataaccgcggtcgatttgaagctcctgaggatggtgattgctcagtgccggaagagtgacacggagtttatggagtaccagttttcggcctcagatcttgcggaacagtttaacatggagaaatcaaacctgtatcggaatgccagggcatccgttagaaggctgttcaagtgtgatctgacggtcggggatgataaccgttatgagatgctccacatcttcaggacggtgaaatatgaatccggccaattcacaatgcggctgagtgaagaggtcgagaagctgttcctgagactcaatagagactttacaaacatgccgttgctgccgatcctggcaatgcggaacaagaacagtattcgaatatatgagctgatctgtcagaagtgcatgggtcattatccatacgcggataacgcggtagagatgacgctgccgacggaagagctccggaagatcacagagaccagtaagacgaagagctatgaccatataggacacttcaaaagccgggttgtgactccatcgcttgcggagatcgaagaggccaccgggtggaagatcatctgcacggatgtaaagaaaggccggaaggtgatcgggttccatctggaactgtggagccgtgtcagttatgaataccttgaggattgcaagcggaagggaatcattccggatagagggaacagagaggaacagctccccggtcagatgacgatatctgatttcctgggggaatga
>gene_55510|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcagagcatgcaacctccgagttttcggaggatttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccggttctggacgggcgttctctatccagagaacatgaggccagactggcaagatgtcataggcgatactttgcagtatccctatgcctactgccagcactcccaggacacagacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccacgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccaccacctacaagcacgccctcaatgtcatggacttgctttctgccgagggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctaatccatgacaccgaggactgccggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccccaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggtaccgcagagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtagttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggttatgcgctgctacagcagtcacttcgagcggttgaccaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcagcagcagcgtggtcttagaccgggtccatcacggacccaggtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaagaagtcccaatttgctgcccggaatgcgggtctattgcggtcatcaaaaagggaaaaacccttgcaaatacgcagcgttggggctgtaaggactgcggtcagcggttcatcgttcggtag
>gene_14475|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcagtgcatgcaacctccgacgaatcggaggatttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaagcccgcttctggacgggcgttttgtatccagagaacatgaggtcagactggcaggacgtcataggtgatacgctgcagtatccctatgcatattgcctgcatagccaagacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggatcacgtacatctgatcatggccttcccgaataccacgacatacaagcacgccttgaatgtcatggatctgctttctgcagaaggtaagaaggccatcaataagtgtgaggctgtcatcggcatccgcaatgtctatgattacctgatccatgatactgaggactgcagaaagaaaggcaaggagctgtacccgaaagaggctcggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggtactgcagagaagaatgaaatgttcctagagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagtttgtagttgatacatacgatgacatgaactatatcgaagtcatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagagattgaccagaggcaattatcagaagtgggaacagggtcaacgtggacttaagccacgtccgtcacaaggtcaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaagaaaccccgatttgttgtccagaatgtggttcaattagtatcataaaaaggggtaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgatggggttgtaaagattgcggaaatagattcgtctga
>gene_14734|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaatcgacaaggcccgtttctggacgggcgttctctacccggagaacatgaaggaagactggcgtgacgtcatcggcgacacgctgcagtacccctatgcgtactgcatccattcccaggacaaggacacgaagtcagaacaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccacgacgtacaagcacgccttgaacgtcatggatctgctgtctgccgaggggcagaaggctatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccggaacgtctatgactacctgatccatgacaccgaggactgccgcaagaagggcaaggagctgtacccggccgaggcccggatcctgggcaacaacttcgacatcggcgcctacgagcagctgagcacggcggagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagaggctgaccaggggtaactaccagaagtgggagcaggggcagcgtggtgttaaagtgggtccgtcacagacccaacaccacgccaacaccacggaaaacaccacggaggaggtgcctatcagctgccctcattgcgggtcaattgacgtcattaaaagcggaaaaacccttgcaaatacgcaacgttgggcctgtaaggactgcaagaagaagttcgtagtaaggtag
>gene_14289|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggtagagacggcaacctccgagatttcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccggttttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagagatgactggcgtgacgtcatcggtgataccctgcagtatccctatgcgtactgccagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccaccacgtacaagcacgccatgaacgtcatggatctgctttcggccgaaggcaagaaagccatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccgcaacgtctatgactacctgatccacgacaccgaagactgcaggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccctgccgaggctcggatcactggcaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagcaccgcagagaagaacgagatgtttctggagatgggtgaggccatccgggaacatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaagacatgaattacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagtcacttcgagcggctgaccagaggtaactaccagaagtgggagcagggtcagcgtggtcttaagccccgcccgtcacagccccaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagaccacggaggaagtccccgtttgttgtccggaatgtgggtctattgacgtcataaaaaggggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttggggctgtaaggattgcgggcagcggttcatcgttcgatag
>gene_55476|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggtagagacggcaacctccgagatttcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccggttttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagagatgactggcgtgacgtcatcggtgataccctgcagtatccctatgcgtactgccagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccaccacgtacaagcacgccatgaacgtcatggatctgctttcggccgaaggcaagaaagccatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccgcaacgtctatgactacctgatccacgacaccgaagactgcaggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccctgccgaggctcggatcactggcaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagcaccgcagagaagaacgagatgtttctggagatgggtgaggccatccgggaacatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaagacatgaattacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagtcacttcgagcggctgaccagaggtaactaccagaagtgggagcagggtcagcgtggtcttaagccccgcccgtcacagccccaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagaccacggaggaagtccccgtttgttgtccggaatgtgggtctattgacgtcataaaaaggggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttggggctgtaaggattgcgggcagcggttcatcgttcgatag
>gene_17463|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaatcgacaaggcccgtttctggacgggcgttctctacccggagaacatgaaggaagactggcgtgacgtcatcggcgacacgctgcagtacccctatgcgtactgcatccattcccaggacaaggacacgaagtcagaacaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccacgacgtacaagcacgccttgaacgtcatggatctgctgtctgccgaggggcagaaggctatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccggaacgtctatgactacctgatccatgacaccgaggactgccgcaagaagggcaaggagctgtacccggccgaggcccggatcctgggcaacaacttcgacatcggcgcctacgagcagctgagcacggcggagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagaggctgaccaggggtaactaccagaagtgggagcaggggcagcgtggtgttaaagtgggtccgtcacagacccaacaccacgccaacaccacggaaaacaccacggaggaggtgcctatcagctgccctcattgcgggtcaattgacgtcattaaaagcggaaaaacccttgcaaatacgcaacgttgggcctgtaaggactgcaagaagaagttcgtagtaaggtag
>gene_26912|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggtagagacggcaacctccgagatttcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccggttttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagagatgactggcgtgacgtcatcggtgataccctgcagtatccctatgcgtactgccagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccaccacgtacaagcacgccatgaacgtcatggatctgctttcggccgaaggcaagaaagccatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccgcaacgtctatgactacctgatccacgacaccgaagactgcaggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccctgccgaggctcggatcactggcaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagcaccgcagagaagaacgagatgtttctggagatgggtgaggccatccgggaacatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaagacatgaattacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagtcacttcgagcggctgaccagaggtaactaccagaagtgggagcagggtcagcgtggtcttaagccccgcccgtcacagccccaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagaccacggaggaagtccccgtttgttgtccggaatgtgggtctattgacgtcataaaaaggggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttggggctgtaaggattgcgggcagcggttcatcgttcgatag
>gene_14931|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcagagcatgcaacctccgagttttcggaggatttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccggttctggacgggcgttctctatccagagaacatgaggccagactggcaagatgtcataggcgatactttgcagtatccctatgcctactgccagcactcccaggacacagacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccacgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccaccacctacaagcacgccctcaatgtcatggacttgctttctgccgagggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctaatccatgacaccgaggactgccggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccccaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggtaccgcagagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtagttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggttatgcgctgctacagcagtcacttcgagcggttgaccaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcagcagcagcgtggtcttagaccgggtccatcacggacccaggtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaagaagtcccaatttgctgcccggaatgcgggtctattgcggtcatcaaaaagggaaaaacccttgcaaatacgcag
>gene_56484|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaatcgacaaggcccgtttctggacgggcgttctctacccggagaacatgaaggaagactggcgtgacgtcatcggcgacacgctgcagtacccctatgcgtactgcatccattcccaggacaaggacacgaagtcagaacaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacaccacgacgtacaagcacgccttgaacgtcatggatctgctgtctgccgaggggcagaaggctatcaacaagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccggaacgtctatgactacctgatccatgacaccgaggactgccgcaagaagggcaaggagctgtacccggccgaggcccggatcctgggcaacaacttcgacatcggcgcctacgagcagctgagcacggcggagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagaggctgaccaggggtaactaccagaagtgggagcaggggcagcgtggtgttaaagtgggtccgtcacagacccaacaccacgccaacaccacggaaaacaccacggaggaggtgcctatcagctgccctcattgcgggtcaattgacgtcattaaaagcggaaaaacccttgcaaatacgcaacgttgggcctgtaaggactgcaagaagaagttcgtagtaaggtag
>gene_52131|conjugal transfer protein TraM
gaaacacccatcccacagcagaactcctcttctggggccgtttccagcccaaggacagcctctgcggaggaattgctgggacttgacgacaagccgaggcaatcccctgctccgagcagacccagcaatccttacagggaaacccctcaggagagggaggctcgtcatcagagacgccacgaggaggccttggagcttgcagggaggattcaggaggggcagaatggctccactgatgaggggtatatgtccaaggtaccggttgagaccataccgcttcccgaggcagaggtcagacgatcttcaaccatttcctccgtcgacgggtggggcgatggtctaagctcccttgacgatgacctttcgaccacagaagaagatccgtacactcccctcaagtgcatgttcgcaagggactccaaactcacggacggtcagagggttacggtaatactgctggaagaccttacggtgtcgggcatttcggtaccgaagaacacccatctgatggccacctgccagatctccaacagattagaactggaatttgccaacatagagattggcggaaggatcctgtccctagggtatgaggcgtatgacatcgacggctccaaaggtatctactgtcccgacgcaggctcggctggcaagaccgccaggagccgcggcacggacatcatcggaagcacactgacaggaagactcggaagagtcgccagggaggtcacttcgaccggcattgccttgatacagagtgctgacgggcagaggacggtcagtgtgccggcaggatatacattcttcatcgttaaaaagaaacagccgtaa
>gene_3281|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcatcaagagaggtggcaaagatgaagcaagaacagaagtatttggaaatacgaaaaaatacagttgtaaaggcgaatgatctaatacaaaagagccgtttcagcctttcattacagcaacagaaagtagtgctttatctcatcagccaaattacaccgattgatgaagatttcaagctatacgagtttagtattgttgagttttgtaaagtctgcggcattgactatgatagcggaaagaactacgcagacttaaaagccgcaatcaaagagatagccgataaaagtgtatggattagattatcaaacggaaaacagacgcttgtaagatggatagaaaagccatacatagacgataatagcggcatagttcaaataaagcttgacgcagatatgaagccgtatttattacagcttaaagagaacttcacgcagtatgaattgctatggacgctgaactttaagagtaaatacacgatacggctttatgagttggtaaagagtattcactatcacgaattagatacatacagcagagagtttgaactggaagaactgcggcgaatgttaggtgctgaaacctataaaacctatcaaacattcaaagtaagagtattagagccgtctattgaggaagtaaatcaatacagtgataagaatgtatcgtatgagcctatcaaaaacggcagatcagtttctaaaatacggcttacaattacaacgaaagatacccttgatagaattaagctacaaagcgaaattgaaagagagtttggtttagatcaaatgacgctttgggaagaaatggaaagtaagggtattgtataa
>gene_37882|RepXfA
atggttagagaggcgtttattgctcgccttcgtcgtgccggtatggttcgaatgcattggcttactgagtggcaaaaacggggcgtacctcatttgcatggtatcgtttattttcctgatgcctatgagccttctaccgtcatttggaattggcttgctgttgccgataagtacggatgcggcatgcgctctcagcacgttgtgccggtcactgatatgcagggctggtttatgtacctggctaagcacgctggccgttctgagactcactaccagcgcaaccctgagtttgtcccggctgggtgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgtggtgattggcctgttgatgagcctcatgccctgacgatttcagaccctgcgttctgggcgttccgccgtctctgtcgtggttggcgcaaagctgatgcccgttcaactgattatggtcatgttaaggacgctgagattaagcgtaagaggcgtattgtctcagctaggacgatgctcaggtgcaacaaatggggtcagtctgccgctcatggtgtgtctgaatggatcccgattgatgcttcactcactgcggtttattggtgcgcctctcagtttccgtcacctcctagcgatgaggattgcaaactcgtcaatttctaa
>gene_33795|RepXfC
atgaaaaataatcatacccgtgcaaagcgtggagaggttaaggggtggtctaagtcagcatcccgcaacaatacaaaattccttcgttccatcgataaagatcgcttaaccggtcctgctgtcgcgttcaccttaacgattcgtgattgcccccctacgtctgacgattggaagatggttagagaggcgtttattgctcgccttcgtcgtgccggtatggttcgaatgcattggcttactgagtggcaaaaacggggcgtacctcatttgcatggtatcgtttattttcctgatgcctatgagccttctaccgtcatttggaattggcttgctgttgccgataagtacggatgcggcatgcgctctcagcacgttgtgccggtcactgatatgcagggctggtttatgtacctggctaagcacgctggccgttctgagactcactaccagcgcaaccctgagtttgtcccggctgggtgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgtggtgattggcctgttgatgagcctcatgccctgacgatttcagaccctgcgttctgggcgttccgccgtctctgtcgtggttggcgcaaagctgatgcccgttcaactgattatggtcatgttaaggacgctgagattaagcgtaagaggcgtattgtctcagctaggacgatgctcaggtgcaacaaatggggtcagtctgccgctcatggtgtgtctgaatggatcccgattgatgcttcactcactgcggtttattggtgcgcctctcagtttccgtcacctcctagcgatgaggattgcaaactcgtcaatttctaa
>gene_34116|RepXfC
atgaaaaataatcatacccgtgcaaagcgtggagaggttaaggggtggtctaagtcagcatcccgcaacaatacaaaattccttcgttccatcgataaagatcgcttaaccggtcctgctgtcgcgttcaccttaacgattcgtgattgcccccctacgtctgacgattggaagatggttagagaggcgtttattgctcgccttcgtcgtgccggtatggttcgaatgcattggcttactgagtggcaaaaacggggcgtacctcatttgcatggtatcgtttattttcctgatgcctatgagccttctaccgtcatttggaattggcttgctgttgccgataagtacggatgcggcatgcgctctcagcacgttgtgccggtcactgatatgcagggctggtttatgtacctggctaagcacgctggccgttctgagactcactaccagcgcaaccctgagtttgtcccggctgggtgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgtggtgattggcctgttgatgagcctcatgccctgacgatttcagaccctgcgttctgggcgttccgccgtctctgtcgtggttggcgcaaagctgatgcccgttcaactgattatggtcatgttaaggacgctgagattaagcgtaagaggcgtattgtctcagctaggacgatgctcaggtgcaacaaatggggtcagtctgccgctcatggtgtgtctgaatggatcccgattgatgcttcactcactgcggtttattggtgcgcctctcagtttccgtcacctcctagcgatgaggattgcaaactcgtcaatttctaa
>gene_39202|Replication protein RepB
atgagcgattacaaagataatgctttggtggtccaatcaaacaagtttgtgagagaaacttctcataatttgaaggccaatgaaataaaaatgtttgatgtgtttgtatcgtgtattgatacaatgcatccaaaaaacacgatttcaatcacaaaaaacgaattgatgaaggctctgggagataatgatcaatatcgttttacaagagaaactctaaaaagtttaatgcagaagatgtgggtagaatacgatgaaaaatcagctacactacgccattttatcgaaaaagctaagtggtactacgaagaagatgtgattgatgtaacctttgccgaagatattcttccaatgcttgtggatcttaaatcaaatttcctgcagtattccgttcaagatttaaattgtcttaaatcaagatattcaatgctgctgtacaaatatgtcctttcatatatcagacaatacaagacacttgattttattgtttcaatggatgaattaagagcgtttttaaatctaaaaaagaaatatgaaggcttcgataatttcagacgaagagtattggatgtttttgaagaagaagtaaacaaatcaagagctttgccttatctggtacgatacgaaaaactgttatccggaaag
>gene_36357|Putative replication initiation protein
atgtgtttatatccaaaagatttttacgttaatgacaagtcaaaaatactttactatgatactgaaaacaaacccgtatacgctactaagttagttacggttgcttgcggaaagtgcgtagagtgtttacaggcatatactgacgaatggagtttccgtataatggacgagtgcagctgttggcaagagagttgttttattactttgacgtataataacgaccatttgcccgaaaacggaacgttggtaaagaaagatttgcaggatttcctaaaacgattacggcgaaaattagagcctctgaggatacgtttttttgcttgtggagagtatggaagtaaaggacttcgaccgcattatcatttaattgtattcaattggctgcctgacgatttgcaatattggcagacagacagaagcggtgcagagatttacagaagtgcaactttggaaagcctttggacgtttggtttttcgtccgttggtttcgttacattgcatacggcgaaatattgtgctaaatatatgcaaaagttaaacaccgttcgagacggctgtattaagccgtatactgtaatgagcaatcgccctggtataggttattacaaagtaaattgcgctgacctttcggacgatagattatatcgtgacggtaaatctatacatttgccgagatactatttgaaagtgttggagcaagacggacacgatttaacggagtttaaggaacggcggtgtattttaggaaaaatgaaagaaaaccccgaaagtctacaagcacgaagaataaaagcaaaagatttttgtaaaaaggtattgacaaaaaagtaa
>gene_16246|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgactaactcaatcataaccgaaaatacaaagaaaatcaatgtcgtgaaaatggaaaaagataagcgaaccgtcgcgacgtgtattgaaagcgtaaaggcagttctgcctttgatggaaaaaacaggggaaatcttatctgattgtggcagagatggtaaggaacgtccgtgggcgaagcataagagtgagagtttgcgactagttgagttatttgagcttgcccgttgtaatgatgaatcgattatcacggacgtacgcttacaaggactacgtgattgtgctagttttacagtatggtttagggatacggaacagcggcaaaagctgaaaacggcgaatttctgccgcttgcggctctgccccatgtgtaactggaggaggtcgctgaaattgtttgggcaggtcagccgaatagctgataaaatattgaataatgtaccatctactcggtttatctttgtaacattgactgtacggaactgtgaagcagcagaactgccaacaatcctggattcgatgaataagggttttcaacttctcacacaaaagaagcagacttttgcgccggcagcaaagctgaaagctagtctgatcggctacctgaaagctgttgagattacctataatgctaaggaaaatacttatcatccacatctacattgtattttcgctgttaaacagggttattttacaggggctggttatatcaagaaaagtaactatcaaggattatggcgccaagcgttgaagctggactatgaaccgattgtccacgttgagaatataaagaatggaacatctaaggcggttgctgaggttgcaaaa
>gene_51563|Rep protein
atggaatacacacatggtagcaaatttgatagtagagttatagtatatggtaacggcgatgttgaacttattaaatacagtgctccatattgttgtggttcgactgttaagcaaaggtctagatcttcggaggccgtaaggactcaagaagagatagagattgctaaacaggagaacaaacaacgtagtctgtacaggtctttaaaaaaggttcatggaattgtaaggagtaaccacggccaatatggtcaatactccaaattcataactttaacttttgccgataatgttacggattttgatgttgctaataaggagttcagcaattttatagataggctaaattatcatatttacggccaaaagtgtagaaagttagtgtatttaggtgttcgtgaacctcaagaaagaggggctatacattaccatgttatattttttaacttgccatatattgataaatatatattagatgaactttggagagaaggctctaataatataagtgcgattgacaacaatttagaaggggtaggagatgttgctagttatgtcactaaatatatgagtaaatgcttttatagtgatgtaaaaaaaggcgaaagtaaaaagaaaactttctactttgattttgatgtatggaaaaataagaaagcatattttacaagtaagaatataaaacgccctaatgaacatagattaaattttgttgaatttaatgaaaatatccttggagctgttgctccctactatgaagaaagcacaactattgaaccagtagaaataagtgagggtatttttactagaaaaatagataaagtattgtat
>gene_43956|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagtgattacaaatggaataatttagtagttcaatcaaatcaatttgttagagaaacttacaatgatctgaaagcaaatgaaattaaaatgtttgatatttttgtttcgtgcattgatactatgcaccctaaaacaaaaattgaattaactaagtcagagttaatgaaagctttaaatattaatgatacaaaccatacttacacaagagcaattttagatgaattgtttcataaagatttcaaaatagttaatgataaaagtacaaaagcatatcactttatagaccattacgagtggtttcatgataatgatttaattaaaattgaatttcataaagatgtactgcctatgttgattgaattaaaaacatgttttttacaattttcttttagtgaattaaattgtttaaaatctagatattctatgttgttgtataaatatatttacagctacattagacaatacaagacacttgaattaactatctcaatacaagaattaagaacatttttaaatctaaaaaagaaatataaagtatttaatgattttaaaaaaaatatccttgatgtatttgaaaaagaggttaatgaatctaaatcattaccttacctagttagctatgaaaaactaggtggtaaaaaagtaagtgcgatacatttcaaagttagacctagaactagcaacaacgaaatctatttcgccgatattcaaaacccaattatgtatgaagaattggctaacgcactgctaaaaggtgatacaccactagacgaaattagagaccgacaagctgacaaaatcattgaagaacaacaagaactattttag
>gene_33897|Replication protein
atgaaaaataatcatacccgcgcaaagcgtggcgaggttaagggctggtctaagactgcatctcgcaataacactaaattccttcgctctgtttttgttccccgccttgatggtgctgccgtggcgtttacgctgaccatccgtgattgccccccgacgtctgatgattggcacaagatccgtcgcgcctttgttgaacgcctccgtcgtgccggtatggttcgccttcattggctcactgaatggcagaaacgtggcgtaccgcatttgcatggtatcgcttacttctctgat
>gene_33898|replication protein PDa0002, partial
atgcgctctcagcacgttgtgccggtcactgatatgcagggctggtttatgtacctggctaagcatgctggccgctctgagagtcactaccagcgtaaccctgagtttgtcccctcaggatgggctaaaacgggtcgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgaatggcctactgatgagcctgttcagctcgacgcctctcacgctgcgttctgtgccctcaggcgcatttgtcgcaactggcgtcatgcggatgcccgttcagccaattacggtactgttcaggatgctgatcgcaagcgccggcgtcgcattgtctcagctcgaaccatgctgcgctgcaacaagctctctcagtcttcctgtcatggcgtctcggagtggatcccgctcgatgtttctctgacggctgcgttctggtgtatgtctcagcaccctatgccgcaggaagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_37901|Replication protein
gtgtggggttactgcggtgaatggcctactgatgagcctgttcagctcgacgcctctcacgctgcgttctgtgccctcaggcgcatttgtcgcaactggcgtcatgcggatgcccgttcagccaattacggtactgttcaggatgctgatcgcaagcgccggcgtcgcattgtctcagctcgaaccatgctgcgctgcaacaagctctctcagtcttcctgtcatggcgtctcggagtggatcccgctcgatgtttctctgacggctgcgttctggtgtatgtctcagcaccctatgccgcaggaagacgactcacgctatcagattgaaatctga
>gene_52893|Replication protein
atgaaacgctatgccgaaatactttccatgataggctatatcaatgatatcgaagactaccatgttggctttctcactttgacggtgcgcaattgtaggccgcaggatcttgggcgcgtattacgttggatgtccgaagactggaaccgtcttaactcgcggcggccattctcgcggatgtgtgacggttgggcgcgatcggtcgaagttacatacaacgacaaaacccgcactttccatccgcattaccatgtattgatgctcattcgcggtgactacgactttgcacgataccaacgcacttttaacgaggaatggcgaacagccgcgcggctggcttactcgccgatcacagattttcgggaggttacttcacggaaagatgccgccgaggttgcaaatgatgttgattcggcgggattcttcacatgcgaccaactgcgaccggattcagaggttttgggcggtgcgctgttggagatcacaaaatattgcttcaagccaaaagactttgataccctcccggttgatgacttccgggaactggctattggtcttaaagggttgcgcatgtgtgcgtttggcggcattctcagagaggcgcgcaaggcgcttgacctcccggaggaaacgaaaatcgatgactcggattccatagtaccaaaaatttgtaaatgtggtgcagtcatggaagaaattgcccttcgttggtcattttctcaggctcaatatacagcaatcaccacggatgagtacaattggtcttatgacgaaagaatgcgccggtatgcagaatggcgcttactgagaaaaggagtaaaggcgtga
>gene_50695|Rep protein
atgaagcggtatgcggagatgctttccatgataggttacatcaacgatatagaggattaccatgtgggtttcctcacactgacggtacgcaactgtcggccgcaagatctcgggcgcacattgcgctggatgtcggaagactggaaccgtctcaattctcggcggcctttctcacggatgtgcgagggctgggcccgctcggtcgaggttacatacaacgacaaaacccggacatttcatcctcattaccatgtattgatgctcattcgcggtgactacgatcttgcgcattatcagcgtactttcaatgaagagtggcgcacggctgctcgtctggcttactctccgatcactgactttcgagaggttacatgccggaaagacgctgccgaagtggcaaacgatgccgagacggcgggcttctttacctgtgaccaactccggccggattcggaggttttgggcggtgctctcttggagatcacaaagtactgcttcaaacccaaggattttgaagcgctcccggtagatgatttccgggaattggccttgggattaaaagggctgagaatgtgcgctttcggtggagtgctgcgagaggcgcggaaagcgctggcacttccggaggaaaccaagctggatgactccgacgagatcataccgagggtatgcaaatgtggtgctgtaatggaggaaattgcgctcagatggtcattctccaaggctcaatatacggcgatcacgaccgacgaatacaactgggcatacgacgagagaatgaagcgctatgccgagtggagactcatgcgaaagggggtcaaagcatga
>gene_5338|Initiator RepB protein
atggcagacaagcaatatccaatgaaactggataaggattactacgttgtgaccgccaatgaccttatcaagggcaagcagaaaatgaccttgcgagagtcacaactgctatttatcgctatttcgcaggtggtctatgaggacaaggactttaaaacctacaccactaccgttcctgaactggcggctttcatgggcattgatgaaaatagcctgtatcgtgaccttgagggcatttgtacaagcctattgcaacgggttgtaaagatacaagtaggcggtgaaaacgccaaagggcgcaagaaatgggaaattttccaatgggtgaacagtgccaagtatgacaatggcaagctgacaataaggctgtctgacgatataaagccctatcttctg
>gene_43205|replicative protein
gtgttgattattgaaataagaaaaattgataattattctgtttgtgatagttcattagttaaatacactagaactggaaacattactcaattactttgtttggctcataaaaataatggttgtgcaattaagaaaattaataaagatgagtatgttaagttagaaactggcgaaatatttgcttgtaatcatactgaaaacagagggcaaaatattaataaaatacgatcatctattactaatttgcgaaatattattaataataatttttttggaggtgctaacgaattatggattacacttacttttggagattttaaagtttacaatccaaatgagttgtgtagtattttcgaaaaatttatgaaacgtcttcgatataaattttcagaaaataaaattgattatatatatgttccagagcctcatgaaaaaggagattggcatatacatttgttattaaagtctgataaacctttatatattgaaaattctcttttgtctgatatttggggttatggttttgttaaagttaatagattaaaagatattgataatattggtgcttatgtttcatcttatttaattaatataaaagatggagataatacaaaaaaaggtgctagattgtatttatatccagttggacatcagttttatagatattcaaaaggtattattaagcctacaagtcattacatttcatatcaagaagcaaaagaaaagattaattcggacaaattaaccttttctcataccatatcattacatagcgataacgatttcgaaaatattatacattatgaatattataattcattacgataa
>gene_5509|Replication protein
atggaaaaggcaagagatatgaccctcgcggtaaaagtagacttgaatcacgacggtcgtgaaattaaggtacgaaaggcaaacgaccttatccagcacagtcggtttgatctcacgaaagagcagcaaaagatcgtgctgtatgtgctgtctcaaattcagccgcacgataaaccgggaactacatacacatttgaccttgccgaattctgccgcatctgcggcattgacagtagcggtgatggaacgcgaaagcatctgcgggaagcgcttgaggggttgacgaccaacaacaagaaagggaaggtctggctctcgctccctgacggcgggcttacgacattctcttggatttcggaagcctactacagcgtcgggaaaaatgtagcggagatcgatcttaataagcgtgtgctgccattcctttttgagctaaagaaccgctacacagaatacgagctgatctatacgctgcacttcaagtctaaatactctatccggctctatgagctgataaaatcaagacattaccatgagcaggaggagtacaccttttcgtactctattgaagagctgaagcagctcctcggcgcggaaacatacgaccagtaccgcgatttcaagcgcaaggcggttattccagcaatccgcgagatcaacgaatcaagcgacataagcgtggactggctcgaaacgcctccggcgcggcgcggggtgaaagtgctggcgattgagttcaccgtgcgcccaaaggacacgctggcgcgtatgcagatacgcgagcaggtcgagcgtgagcttggctgggatcaaatcgcgctgtggtga
>gene_5593|Site-specific recombinase, DNA invertase Pin
atgtgcaagttttacggctattgtagagtatcaacagaaacccaggcggaaaagggttacggcctggaagcccaggaaaaggaaatccgaaaatacgcagcgggccgcggcctggagctggagggaatgtttcttgatgcgggtatctccggcaatctgaaagacacggacgaggacgaggcaatcagcaagcgcgagggccttatggaaatgctcgctctcctggaaaagggcgatacagtcatagtgttgaacacttccaggttgtggcgctcagatatgacgaaagcaatcatccggcgcgagctgatgaaacgcggggcggagattgtaagcgtagagcagccaaaatacaacctatacaccaaagacccgaacgattatcttataaacgcgatcatggaagccctggacgtttacgagcgcatgagtatttccttaaaactcgcacgggggcggacgatcaaagccaggggcggagataagcccgcgggcgtggccccgtttggttatcagtacagcgcggacaaaaagcacattgagattgaaccagaggaggcccaggccgtgagaatgattttcacggaggggcaaaagggcctcagcctcaaccaggtggcggagtatctcaacgccagggagataaagacccggcgcggcaagagctggagccccggcaacgtgcaagtcattatgagaaaccgcttttatatcggggagctgatgcaccaaggcaaacccataaagggcaatcatgagccgattataagcaaagtacagtttggcaaggtacaggcccagcttgacaagcggcggcggggtaagtaa
>gene_54950|replication protein
atgctggagcatctgcgcgagaacccagaccacgacagcaccaaagccgcctctggcattgcctcctgtggcaattacctgcacttccgcgagtactacaccgtggggaaggtccggttacacatggcgcaattctgcaaacagcacctgatctgccctctctgcgcgatccgccggggagccaaggccttgggtgtctacctcgaacgctgggatgttatccgggccgaacggcctgagctgcgcccctacctgatcactctgaccgtgaagaacggcgccgacctggaagagcgtcagcagcaccttacaaaatcccttcgctctcttatggatcggcgccgtaacttcaattcgaaggttcggggctctccctggacggaactgtgcaaggttcaaggggcggtttacacgctggaactgaccaacaagggccaaggatggcatccacactgccatatgatcgccctgtgcgcctctgagccgtcgcaggaggcgttatcagccgaatggaaggggatcaccaaggattcgtttatcgtggacgtcaggcccatcacaggcgacccagcggaagggtttatggaggtcttcaagtacgccgtgaagttctcggatctgtcactggctgataactggcaggctgcaaaaatcctcaagggcaaacgcctgttgaacagtttcggtctgttccgtggtgtgcagattcctgaatcccttctggatgaaccgttggacgacctgccttactgggatcgcttttatcggtacatccaaggcgaatatcagttcaccggcgaaagccctagggggcgtgatggaaattga
>gene_29788|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atggctcacaagaataagaccatcgcgaacagagagcaatatgtcgtgaagtctaacgaactcatacagagaacacgatacaacctcacgacgcagcagcagaagattgttctctttgccattagcaaaatcaagccgaccgacacagtagaaacagagtatgagttcagcattgatgaactgtgtgcggcctgtggtatgaagatagacaacggtgggtattactatgtatccatcaagaacgacataaagcgactgacggaacggcaatggtgcgtgatgccggacggcaacgaaacaacaatcagttggataggagacgcgaccattgttcctggttccggaaccgtgagagtttccttccataagcgaatggcaccttatctctttgaattgcgggagagatacacgcagtataaactcgtgaatgttctcgcgttcaagggtaaatataccattcgtctttatgaacttctccgttctcatatcacgcagaaaatgattgatgcggacagggagagcgacttcgctatctctgtgaaagagttgagagaaatcctgatggttgagagctatcccaggtgggccgactttgaccgcttcattctcaaaaaggcggtggaggaaatcaacctttatgcggatgacattcatatagaacacgaaccaatcaaggttggaaagaccgtttcaagtgttctctttttcatcactccggcgaaagccttacagaagattgtggctcaaagagaaagaagaaagaggttgtaa
>gene_55002|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
ttgttctttacactcattctctattgtgatatactttccgggaagggagatgttgctatggctcacaagaataagaccatcgcgaacagagagcaatatgtcgtgaagtctaacgaactcatacagagaacacgatacaacctcacgacgcagcagcagaagattgttctctttgccattagcaaaatcaagccgaccgacacagtagaaacagagtatgagttcagcattgatgaactgtgtgcggcctgtggtatgaagatagacaacggtgggtattactatgtatccatcaagaacgacataaagcgactgacggaacggcaatggtgcgtgatgccggacggcaacgaaacaacaatcagttggataggagacgcgaccattgttcctggttccggaaccgtgagagtttccttccataagcgaatggcaccttatctctttgaattgcgggagagatacacgcagtataaactcgtgaatgttctcgcgttcaagggtaaatataccattcgtctttatgaacttctccgttctcatatcacgcagaaaatgattgatgcggacagggagagcgacttcgctatctctgtgaaagagttgagagaaatcctgatggttgagagctatcccaggtgggccgactttgaccgcttcattctcaaaaaggcggtggaggaaatcaacctttatgcggatgacattcatatagaacacgaaccaatcaaggttggaaagaccgtttcaagtgttctctttttcatcactccggcgaaagccttacagaagattgtggctcaaagagaaagaagaaagaggttgtaa
>gene_42151|RepB
atggcaaaaaagtttgaagaaatgggagacgaagaaaaaaaacgaataaagaaaaaaagggggtataaggttgtaaaatcaaacgaacttatccaaaaggcaaggtttgattttactgtaccggagcaaagattgattgcttttatttgctcaatgattaagccgagaactgcagaagatttatataacaattctccgtatcagttggaatatgaagttgacattagagaatattgcaaaatcattggagtagattatgacagcggaagaaactacgagttaattaaaaatcagctgcaggcacttcgtgacaagtctatgtgggttgattttggtaatacatataacattgtagggtggctatcatctgcaggcattgaaaaagagggcggtaaaataacaatagagatagataaaagaattgctccttttctctttgaactacaacaaagatttacagagtatcagttgtataacattttggaaatgaaaggacaatattccataagattttatgaattatttaagtcccacgaatgggaaagtaaaaacaaaaaaaatccgactgaaatagaatttgatttagacagactaaaaaaactcttaatggtagaaaatgtaaaatcttataacgagagatttccttctttccggcagaaagttttagagcctgctatcaaagaaataaatgaacaatcggatattatggcaggttttacaacagaaacccaaggtagaaaagttataaaagtgaagttttgggtaagacctaaaactcaaaaagaaatactagagcaaatggaaagaaaaaagtctgtctcaaattga
>gene_26798|Replication protein RepB
atgaaggatttggacttaagagaaaacgtgaaagtggttgtccagaacagtttcgtcaaggctgttttagattgcaaagatgtgaattcacagaagtttatccgcatggctattgcccaaagcaggatgagtgatacagagttttttaaatatcgtgtttctgtcactgacttagcccaaaatttaggcgtaacaacccagaacatatacacacatcataatcgttggacaaccgaagcgatgaaatctttgctaattgaggaaaaaatcaagaatggcaagaaaatatataaaaaacatccaatcttctacatgtgtacatacgaagatggttacatcacaatgcaacttcatccagaaatgactccttttgttttggaaatccagaaaaaactaggttttacgcaatatgaactcgcaaaaattttcacgatgaagggaaaatattctattcgcatttacgaaatggttgtggaagaattgagaaattccgctccgtttgcagataaatgtgtggatgttgaattgtccttggaagaattacgcaagcagacaatgacagaaaaaacatacaaacagattggtcaattcaaagatagggtatggagtaaagcccttgaagaaatcgaaaaaaccgcagggtggaaaattgaagtggaagatattaaaaaagggcgtacagtcataggtttcaggctgaaaatctggtctgaaattggctttaattttttaaagaaatcctccaagagcagggaaatgacccctgcggaaattgaagaatatgaacgtttagcagagaattccgaacagttaaagctgttttaa
>gene_37265|Initiator Replication protein
atggaaaacgtgcttgctatgaagtataacagcgaaagccttgtagtgcaggctaatgagcttataagaagcccacaagatgggctaaaccttgtagaagcaaagctaattaggcttgcaatatcacagatagttgaaacagatacagagctgaaaacatactcttgtagagtagtggatttagcaaagtttattggagtagcacaagataatcttttccgtgatatggagcagataatagataacttaatgcgaaaagttattactattattgacaaaacttcaataaagcggaatggtgaatataattataaaaaatttcattgggtagatacttgctattacaatagcggaacaataactcttaaattaagcaatgaattaaagccttatttagttggtttgaatgaactatttacaagatacgggtatgaaaatatactaaaattgccaacgtcaaattctattaggctttatgagctactattaagctatgaaagccttgtaaatacctatgaaccaggatttagagctacaaaaatatttccagaagtagatagagcagatgatgaactaatatttacgattaactacttaaagaaatactttgattgtgttggaaagtatgaacgtgatagagattttgtgaaatgggttatagatagttctgtaaatgcaatcaataaaaactcacctacatacagagtttcttatagaacggcaagaaatgggcgtaaattgggatatgtgctttttagggtaaatgcgtggagtgatgaagaatttagagaatttatagtaagtagacaaggcggtgataagtaa
>gene_15788|replication protein, partial
atgctcgaaatcagcacccgctttgactggtaccaatcgacggtgctggttcaagacccgcaggattccggtctggtcgcggcgctccttgcggcatggccgctgtccgattgggcacccgcccggaacctcaacgggtacacacacggcggcgctgtcgtccgtggggatcgcatcctgtgccacgtctgctggggtgggcagtcaggggtcaactgcaagtccacatccgacgaagcaccgacgctcgcagaggcgctcaagcgcttcggcaagcctcacatgccgacccgcatcgactcgtgcgtcgattgggtcgaggaagggcttttcgacagcctgtctgcgcacctaatccagttcgcccaggacaaccgccttgcgatctgccagcagggcgattgggtccgcggtgaggggcgcaccctgtacgtagggtcgaaggactcgcccgtccgcctcgtcgtgtacgagaagggctacgagcaaggcggcgacgcgccccgcgaatgggtccgaatggaggttcgggtccgccccaggcgagagcatcgcatcaacgtggccctgtggggcccggagacggcctttacggcctcttgggtgccgggggcgctagaggccatagggtgggaccaaatcggccccagaacggccgtgggaacggtttggaagcgttccgacgatgagcgcgcccgcttcgcgctggtcaagcagtacggcgcggttctggaacgttgggcaaccgagtcgggcggctgggaagccatgggatgcaatttgcgtaacgcgatactcgaccagagggaggaggaacatgcctga
>gene_36335|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggcaatatatcactgcaatgttaaaatgatttcccgcagttcaggtcgttcctgtgtagctgctgctgcctatattgctggtgtaaaattgacaaatgaccgagatggtcaaactcatgattatactaaaaaagaagttgcctattcagaaataatagcaccctcagacgctccagaatgggcatacaaccgttttttgctttggaacagggtagaagtagcagagaaaagaaaagacgctcagacggcacgagaagttgaatttgcattacctaatgagctgtcattagaaaaaaatattaagatatgccaatcatatgctgatttttttgttaaacatggaatggttgttgatttctctattcatgccaacaaaggaaatatacatgcacatttcctactgaccactagagaaatatgcgaaaatggatttaagaaaaaaaatcgtgactggaatacacgtgaatttttaaatcagcttagaaacaatttaactgacgtgataaatgacgcaataaaaacagcaggactaaaccaaaccgtttcagaaaaatcttttgcgacactgggcaaggtacagttgcctactgtccacgaaggttatgtggctcgcaaaattgaaaaaagaggtggaatatccgaacgctgtgaaataaacaggcaaataaaatcggctaacgatgaaatcagattagctaagaaagacaagacagtatgtgaaaaacagttacagacattggctatgcaaaagaaagcaataaaagatattctgccagtatatccttggtgtcgaatgattttcgaaaaggacgttgttgcattaattccacatatttcagagcttgccagcaaaggactaatctatcttgaaaacgagataaaaaatcttgaatcgctaaaatctaaactgtatgacagacccttattagaagactatgttagaaaaacattttttgctggcgttgatgaacgcgtcaacaatcttgataaaaaagagacggaaaaatgccagcaatataattcagacaaaatagctttggaagaaaaaacaaacaaagctaaaaccgtattaatgcgtgaagaagaatatttaagacaggtaaacaaaatagaaaaagcgagacaggcatcttttataaagcgtattttcttcacaacgaaagaatcaagaaagaaagcaaatgactgtgtaagacaagctaaagcagaagttaaacagctagaaaaatccctgactgaactagaacacaagcatatactagaaattgagcgtataaaccttcagcgcagagaagtcaatgctttaatattccaagagcaacgccataaagctgatcaacttgcactagaaaccgtacctgatcttgctaaaatgatttcctgtattgatacagctctgaaaaagctaaatcaagcaaaaagaacagctaccaaaagaaatgatattcagataaagcatagctatagccgttag
>gene_38713|Initiator RepB protein
ttggtacgtaaaaaaggagagcgaatgaaagaggtagacgagcgtatacaggtatacgaagaacgtgactataaagtagtcaaagctaatgaaatcatacaaagggcaagggctgatttggggctaatggaacagaaaactttctgctacatagtttctaaaatcaagcctacagataatctcgatacagagtacactttcactatcaacgagtattgtgaagtttgtgggattgaaaaaaacaacggaaagaatactgaaaatgtaaaggcagcattgcaaaaattattagaaaaagcgttttggataagtgatgaggaaggagattggatatcaatccattggcttcaaaaggctcgtgtaagccctaaaaggggcaaggttacagtaaggcttgatgaggatatgcaaaagtatctattagggcttcagagcaactatacacagtatagtctgctctatgttctgcctatgcgttcagcttattcaattcgactctatgagcttttaaaaagctattcaggtttgcaccgaaagacttttgatatagaagacttgaagcaaaggttattagcaccttatagcaactttaaggattttagaaaatacacactagaaatagcaacaagagaaataaatcaatatacggatatagaaataacttgggaaccaattacaaaagggcgaaaagtggttcaagtacactttgaaatcaaagtaaagagtatgttagatactaccaaaatcaatctaaaggacaatgctcagttagacgggcagatgagattgaacttggatggctcgataacagaagaaaaaagataa
>gene_15430|Mobilization protein
atgcatattgaaaaattcaaatgtaatcaaatatcagcaatattaggacatctaaaacgtgaacatatacattacaataatgaaaatgtagatttaagtaaatctgacaataatgtttactttgtaaaacgtgatatggaatattttaataaacgaatgtcagaattatatgtatatggtggttgggatgaaaagcacaaagcaaaatataatgctatggcaagtatagtagtgcattgtccaaaaggaattgacagtgatgtatttttttctatgatgaatgatgtattatgtaaaaaatatggtgatgaaaatgtattatgttcgttagtgcataaagatgaaaaacgtgatcatatgcatttttcatttatacctgtagtatataatgaaaagaaaaagcaatatcaattatcatatgaaaagtgtttagcgcatgattttaaaacatttcattcagatatagaaaaggcattaaaagaagaatttggaattgatataaaattgcatgatgaagaaaatcaaaacaaattttattttgataagatagaagattataaaaaatataaggatatagaagataatcaaaaaaacataataaataataatgaaattcagattaaaacaatgtctaatgaattagcaaccatatcaaatgaaatagttgcaaagcaaaatgaattagaagaaatgaaccaaatgtcatatatagatacaataaaatataatggatataagaataaaaaagaaatagaagaaagtaagcaaaaaataatagaattgcaacatgatttacaaattgcatatagatataaagct
>gene_49302|Plasmid replication protein
atgagtttatcaaaaaaaagaatggattatttagacaatgaaagaagaaaaaaagaaaaaggatatttacctaaaaaagaatatgatttaattaaagcagaagattatatggttgtaaaagataatagacttatacaaaaagcaacatttgattttactgaacttgaaatgaaatgtataaattatgctatatctaaaatgcaacctaataaaacttatactgaaaatgattatattgaattaagtgtttctgaattatgtaaattgatgggaataaaaactgaaggaaacaattacaagcatataagacaagcatttggaaatataagagataaaagtaaaataataaaaatagatagagaaaatgatatagatttatcttttagttttttcttaaaagtatatggttctgaaaaaggtggatggattaaagtatctttttttaatgaaatgctaaactatttacaaggattaaaaaacaaatttactgaatgggaattatattatactcttgcattaaaaaataaatattcaattcgtatgtatgaattatgtaaaagttatcaaaaaatgggacattttactttttatattgataaaatgatttataaatggtgcataccacagagttatagatatatagatattaaaagacaaataattgataaaacaataaaagaaataaatgataagacagatataatcgtagaaattattgatacaataaaacaaggtcgcaaagtagttcaacttgaattaaaaataactgataattctactcgtagatgtatggaaatagataaaaaaaataaagggctataa
>gene_46077|Protein rep
atggactatatacaagatgattatgtctttttgtttcttactcttactgtcccgaactgtacagctctggaactcaatgatgcaattaatgatttgatgttggcttttaaaaagtttatgaagtataaaaaagtcaaatctgctgtttgtggatatttcagagcattagaaataacacataataccgatgaattatttcacgtttggaaaacttctcgaaatggtaaacggtataaggttcttgcacgtgacccggagggaaatacttttccaaatccattttatgatacttatcacccacattttcattctatcttagcagtaaaaaagaaatattttaaggatttttatatttctcagtctgaatggcttgaaatgtggcgtaaggcaaccaaaaacccaaatataacacaagtcgatattagacgatgcaagcccaaagatttagagttgggtcagaactgcgttgatgatttgaaaaatattgatgttataaatgcagtttgtgaggtttctaaatactctgtaaagggttccgacttcttgtataaagataatgacgaacttaccgacagagcggtttcaactctctcatcagctttgtatcatcgaagattgtgtgaatttggtggctgttttgaggaagcttataaattattgaatcttgataaccccgaagaaagtgatttaatagttgtcgatggttcagaacttcgttcagatgtcggctttatgattcgttattataattggggttgtggtgcttataaacttgataaagaattgatttataaagaggaaaataaaaatgaaaacgaataa
>gene_4621|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatgaaaaagaatatcagctgaaactcgataaaaattattatgttgtaactgccaatgaccttatcaaaggtaagcaaaaaatgtctttaagagaggcacaattgctgtatatagccatttcacaggttgtatatgaagataaggacttcaagacatatacaacaacagttccagagctggcagcatttatgggaattgatgaaaatagcctgtatcgtgacttgaaaggcatctgtaaaagcctttgtcaacaggtagttgaagttcagataggtggtgaaaattcaaaaggacgtaaaaaatgggaagtatttagttggattcagagtgcaaaatacgacaatggaacgcttacacttcgcttatctgacgatataaagccatatttgcttgaacttgaaagctattattctcaaaccttgttaggcactcttttgacatttagaagctactacacaacacggctatatcagtatcttgttgcagatacaggagcaagatatggcaatgtacacgaatgggaattttcttgtgagcaattgcgtgaactgtttcaagttggtgaaaaacagtataagctgacacgtgattttttaagaaaaaccattatccctgctcttgatgaattgaacaattctgattatgcgtatgtatgggattatgaagaacatcgttctgccaagagaggaaagcctatagaaagcgtttcattcaaggctatattcttcaaggacaaggagcgaaaagagttctatctgaacaattcaaagaagataatcgaagattatcagaaagaaaaggagaataaaaatggatga
>gene_14253|protein rep
atggctaaaaggaagaaaattgactttttaagtctgagttcttctcagaaacacgaatttgaaatgaatgaatttttttcacctaaaaaaatgaatagtcgcaaggtagctatgtcttttttacgttccggtgataaaaagacttttaagaaaatagctgaatgtggctctgcgttaaggttcggacacttctccgacgatactaaccgcctgcttcacgctaatttctgcaaaaacagaatgtgtcctatgtgttcttggcgtaggagtttaaaaaactttagccacctttcagatgtttttagtgtgcttgaaagcacccacgaatttgtttttttgactttaacggagagaaattgcactgcagaccaactttcggaacgtatgacggctatttgtaagaatttccgtaattggcttagacgtgatagtcttgctgtctttgacggctgtttccgctctttggaagtgacttataattctgttgatgatacatatcacccacatttacacatcattctttgttgccctcaaggctcttattttggtacagatagatatatcccatttgataaatggttgtctgagtggcgttctgtaggcggttacgactatgacccatcaattcgagttaatcgtattggcgaaaaaactatctataacccgaaatctaaaaggtatgtaactatatcgcttaagaaggctcttaaagagtgtagtaagtacactattaaagatagcgattttttgaagtctgatgttgcccttgacaagcaggacgaggttattcagaccttgtataatgctatggacaaacgt
>gene_26705|replication protein RepB
atgctgtggtatcaccgctcacaggtactaaaacctgaaaggggtgatttttttatgagtgaaagacgttcaccacaccaaaacaaagcacgaaattggacaggtgttttatatgtcgaaaacatgattgatgattggcagactgttattggtgacattttgcaatatccgtatgcttattgtgttcatgacaaatgtcatttagcagagtataaacccgcagtaaacaccaaacgggatgttaaggaacgtgatcgaaaagtacatgttcatgtcatcatatcttttccaaatacaactacatacaatcatgctttagagacttttatgaaactgtcaaaagatgacgcacgatgcatcaatacgtgtgagagtgtaataaatgtcagacacgcttatgagtatctgatacataatacagaaactgcgaagaagcaaaagaagtatttgtatcctgcatcagagcggattaccggtaataattttgatattggtgctctggaacaacttagcgctaaagaaaagcaagacatgaaacttgaactttctgatttgatcattactgaagattttttgaattatgcggatttttatgcttacgtaagaagtaattttgataatgagtatatggagattctaacatcgttcagtagtcattttgaaaggcttacaagaggaaattatcaaaaaatgtgttttgaagaacatcttgaaactgaaatacaaaaacgttatagtgggcttatacaagaaattaaaaatttgagaaagcagaatttaagaaatcaagaaagtgaggattttgaaaatgaagaagattaa
>gene_7536|Site-specific recombinase phage integrase family
ctggctagtcttgataggcgtgacggtaaggatgaagcgctttcgcggaacacatcaggaagctggttccgaacattgtccgctattctaggcaaggcttatgaatgggaaataatagatgagaatccttgcaaacgtgtaaagacacctgctaagccgcaatcagaagtacaggctcttcaactcgaggatgttcagaagatcataacgaaacttcctgattatcctgataacagggcgaggatgtttattatgcttgttcttaatactggtattcgtgaggctgaggctgcagggcttgagtggcgggatatcgattatgaaaagcatatgatttcaatcaatagaacatcccaatatattccaggaacaggaatgatagagagtacgcccaagagcagatcttctgtcagaaagattcctgtatcatataaccttatagcagaattcatgagatacagggaatggcaaaatgctgagataaatcggctggatcagctgtatttgggaaaaacaggagatgaagcaaggttatttactacgctggaaggcaagcctatatttgacagcacgctaagagattggcttaacaaatttctcatttggtgtgaagtaccgcatgtaacagtgcatggacttaggcatacctttgcgagcattctgattgcaaacggaactgatccaagaacagcggcggctcttctcggacaaagctcaccggctcttgtgatgaatgtttatgccaatccccaggaagaagctaaaactcgagcaattaataatcttaatagtctttacaataaaaagaacgaaagcgactga
>gene_9311|Plasmid replication protein
aaagaagagagtgcagacaaatcaacatttcctgtgtatgattatagcacatctcttacgaaaaaggaagaggcaatttgcacaaaaatcaagaaagaaatatggctgtatgaggacaccgaagaggggtggacatatcatctcacgaagcacaatgaaacattgagacagagtgggttatggtgggttatgatagtctatcctgatagcgctcctgtgaactggatacaagtgctacgcgcaaggggatataggatagcaatatcacccctgcacgataaggattgttggaatcacgacagccccgaatgtgtcaatcccgatacaggcgagattataccaaagggcgcgagatacaaagcaggggacaggaagaaagcacactggcacgtcatagtctgcacagacgttaaaacgagctatcgggaaatgaatgaagagcttcagcagataacacactgtccgtacatacagaaatgcagaagtctcaaaaatgcctatgagtatttcctgcatatcaataatcccgaaaagtatcaaggatatgataagtcagagatacagacgtacaacaacttccatatcgagccgaacaaatacgaggtcggtgttctgactgatgaagttatcggaataatactcgacaacgagatagaccgattcaaagatttggtcgagctgtacagaggacagatagaatatcagcagataatctatgctcaccccggaatattcaaagagactatcaattcgatatggcacgaacacaaccccgccggtaaggttcggagagtgaagctcgtgcaagatgatgaagagtaa
>gene_56877|Putative replication protein
atggctgcacagactcaaaagataggtgcgataataacaggcgaaaaggtggaagaagaagcttatcctgtcgttcgtgatgtgtatgttttgcaggatgcggatcaggaacgttacctgtcatacatcaacaagaataatgaactcacggagcttttcggagagccgcttgatgagaaggatttctacatggagcttttcaatgatggcatcgacctgcagagccgtgacggtgatcatgacggcaaggcgaatctgatcgtggtctcgaaagaagatcatggagccggaaaagagaaaagattcacgatacattcggataacaggttcgaggatcttgatcagatcggcaaggatgagtttgctttcatgtctgccatcagctatttcggaaagagccggacgctcaagaacgctcgcttcatgtatgccatgccgatagatcttgacggggtaggcatgaagcagctcggcaatctcatagcgcagatggataatgaggtcataccgaggccgacctacattgccaacagcggaacagggctgcatctgtattacaagttcgagactccggtaccgatgtatccggcaatgcagcaggctttgaaagagctgaaaaaggctctgaccaggtgggtgtggaacatatatacctcgtatgacaagaagatacagtttcagtcgatcaatcagggattcaggctcgtaggcggtgagacgaaagagctgatcgtgctgcatgacgataacaataccgaggtcaatataacggcaacggtattggtatggagaacaggcaagcctgttacactctcatatatcgagagtttccttcatgcagtagatatagactttgacagcatcgggaaatacagctcgaagcatacgctcgaagagtgcaaagagaagttcccggagtggtaccagaaaaggatcatagacaaagagccgccagggaaatggacggtcaaaagagatctctatgattggtggatccgacaggtcgaagagaacggatccatgggacacaggtattggtgcttgtacgcacttgccacttatgcggtaaaatgtgatgtgccgtttgatcagctgaaaaaagatgctgcaagactgcagccgatcctgaacgagaaaggcaaggagccgtttaccaagaaagatatgcgggatgctttgaggctgtacaaggataagtcgctggcagccaagctcacaagacattacatcgaggagcagacggccatacagatgccggccaataaaagaaatggcagaccgcaggaagtgcatcttgagagagcgagggcggttcaagcgatagactatccaaacggagagtggcgaggacggaatccaaaagaagatatagtcagggaatggcaggagcttcaccccggagggaagaagatagagtgtcatagagataccggattgagcagagtgacaatagacaagtggtggcagaaatga
>gene_27359|Putative replication protein
atggctgcacagactcaaaagataggtgcgataataacaggcgaaaaggtggaagaagaagcttatcctgtcgttcgtgatgtgtatgttttgcaggatgcggatcaggaacgttacctgtcatacatcaacaagaataatgaactcacggagcttttcggagagccgcttgatgagaaggatttctacatggagcttttcaatgatggcatcgacctgcagagccgtgacggtgatcatgacggcaaggcgaatctgatcgtggtctcgaaagaagatcatggagccggaaaagagaaaagattcacgatacattcggataacaggttcgaggatcttgatcagatcggcaaggatgagtttgctttcatgtctgccatcagctatttcggaaagagccggacgctcaagaacgctcgcttcatgtatgccatgccgatagatcttgacggggtaggcatgaagcagctcggcaatctcatagcgcagatggataatgaggtcataccgaggccgacctacattgccaacagcggaacagggctgcatctgtattacaagttcgagactccggtaccgatgtatccggcaatgcagcaggctttgaaagagctgaaaaaggctctgaccaggtgggtgtggaacatatatacctcgtatgacaagaagatacagtttcagtcgatcaatcagggattcaggctcgtaggcggtgagacgaaagagctgatcgtgctgcatgacgataacaataccgaggtcaatataacggcaacggtattggtatggagaacaggcaagcctgttacactctcatatatcgagagtttccttcatgcagtagatatagactttgacagcatcgggaaatacagctcgaagcatacgctcgaagagtgcaaagagaagttcccggagtggtaccagaaaaggatcatagacaaagagccgccagggaaatggacggtcaaaagagatctctatgattggtggatccgacaggtcgaagagaacggatccatgggacacaggtattggtgcttgtacgcacttgccacttatgcggtaaaatgtgatgtgccgtttgatcagctgaaaaaagatgctgcaagactgcagccgatcctgaacgagaaaggcaaggagccgtttaccaagaaagatatgcgggatgctttgaggctgtacaaggataagtcgctggcagccaagctcacaagacattacatcgaggagcagacggccatacagatgccggccaataaaagaaatggcagaccgcaggaagtgcatcttgagagagcgagggcggttcaagcgatagactatccaaacggagagtggcgaggacggaatccaaaagaagatatagtcagggaatggcaggagcttcaccccggagggaagaagatagagtgtcatagagataccggattgagcagagtgacaatagacaagtggtggcagaaatga
>gene_2150|Rep protein
actgctaaacaggagaacaagcaacgtagtctgtacaggtctttaaaaaaagttcatggaattgttaggagtaatcacggtcaatatggtcaatactccaaattcataactttaacttttgccgataatgttacggactttggtgtggctaataaggagttcagcaattttatagataggttaaattatcatatttacggtcaaaagtgtagaaagttagtgtatttaggtgttcgtgaacctcaagaaagaggggctatacattaccatgttatattttttaacttaccatatattgataaacatatattagacgaactttggagagaaggctctaataatataagtgcgattgacaacaatttagaaggggtaggagatgttgctagctatgtcactaaatatatgagtaaatgcttttatagtgaagtgaaaaaaggtgaaagtaaaaagaaaactttctattttgactttgatgtatgggggaataagaaagcatattttacaagtaagaatataaaacgacctagtgaacatagattaaattttgttgaatttaatgaaaatattctaggagctgttgctccctactatgaagatagcacaactattgaaccagtagaaataagtgagggtatttttactagaaaaatagataaagtattgtataagagtgttcctttgaatatttgctcgtatattaataatatgttaaaatattgcactgatagatttatgaaaagaaactataaatttaaaattcataaaagtatattaattaggcaaatgagatactttgagccatgctctttagagtggtag
>gene_56946|Replication protein
gtgaattacaacgaaaaaattgaagtggcaaaacagagggaataccttgtcgtgaaaggaaatgaactgatacagagaacgcgttttaacctgtctctgacagagcagaaaacggtagcgttcatctgctccatgataaaaccgttagaggttctggacaaggtaaaaggcataccataccaactcgaatacgactttaatattcgcgactactgtaaggtatgtggcattgactatgacaatggcaataactatgcgaatattaagtcgattctaaagggtttgagggacaagtccatgtggtttcttcttccagatggctcggaaacaacagtaggttggcttgcaaaagcaaccacaaataagcgtagtggtgttgccaaaataaaactcgatgaggacttggtaccatacctttttgacctcggacagaagttcacacagtaccaactttacaatgttttggctatgaagtcggcattttccatgcgactttacgaacttctaaagtcgtatgagttccagaaggtcaaaacattcgacctcgaggaactgaaacatctgctcatggtagaagatgtgaagtcctattcacgctttccagattttagaagatacgttctcgaagtggctcaacgtgaaatcaatgaactcacggacattaacattgaatttgagcctattacaaaaggtcgcaaggtcgtaaaagtgacattcagaataacgaccaaaaaccctattgagcgtatgcttgctggagcaactgcaaacgacagattggaacaagtaaaagagcatgaaaccgttaaaaaatcaatataa
>gene_17474|Replication protein
gtgaattacaacgaaaaaattgaagtggcaaaacagagggaataccttgtcgtgaaaggaaatgaactgatacagagaacgcgttttaacctgtctctgacagagcagaaaacggtagcgttcatctgctccatgataaaaccgttagaggttctggacaaggtaaaaggcataccataccaactcgaatacgactttaatattcgcgactactgtaaggtatgtggcattgactatgacaatggcaataactatgcgaatattaagtcgattctaaagggtttgagggacaagtccatgtggtttcttcttccagatggctcggaaacaacagtaggttggcttgcaaaagcaaccacaaataagcgtagtggtgttgccaaaataaaactcgatgaggacttggtaccatacctttttgacctcggacagaagttcacacagtaccaactttacaatgttttggctatgaagtcggcattttccatgcgactttacgaacttctaaagtcgtatgagttccagaaggtcaaaacattcgacctcgaggaactgaaacatctgctcatggtagaagatgtgaagtcctattcacgctttccagattttagaagatacgttctcgaagtggctcaacgtgaaatcaatgaactcacggacattaacattgaatttgagcctattacaaaaggtcgcaaggtcgtaaaagtgacattcagaataacgaccaaaaaccctattgagcgtatgcttgctggagcaactgcaaacgacagattggaacaagtaaaagagcatgaaaccgttaaaaaatcaatataa
>gene_39374|Replication protein VP4
gatagatattttgatttggttaatagatatggtgctgatcatgttttgatgcttccttgtggtaagtgtgcttcatgtattgaagataggagtaaatcttgggctcttcgttgtgttcttgaaagttcgttatatttagataattgttttttaactttgacttataatgataaatgtttgcctgatggtttatgtaaaaaagatgttcaaaaattttttaagaaattaagaaagcgacatcctgaattaattattagatattttggctgtggtgagtatggcgaacatacaaaaaggcctcattatcattttattgttttcaattactttccaaaagatgctgtttattcttgtaaggctaaatttggcggttatctttatacatcaaaagaattacaggaatgctggccttttggttttgtttctgttggtgactgtagttttgcttcatgtgcttatgttgctcgttattgtatgaagaaagccggtgttaaagctggtttttcgatgatgtctttaaagcctggaattggtgcgaagtattttgaggaacataaagattttatatataaatatgacaaagtttttggtgattttggcgactttaagcaagttaagccatcaagatattttgataagttatttgagcgatttgatgctgaagcttttcaggcattgaagcttgaacgcattactcgagctaattcttatcagattacacaattaattgatcatcagttgtctcatcttgaagatttgcttacttataacggcaaaattaaagagactaaaatgtctcgccttaaaagaaaggatttgtaa
>gene_5149|Rep protein
tacattaaaaattataacattaaagttatagatatgcaagattacaagcaaatatatctatttcctaacgtaaaagtatatcgtgaaaagattgaaaaagataatatttttaaagatttagacttacacaatttcgatcgaaattctagaaaagaatttaataatgataaacctctatttaaaaatgtaattcgtagtaaaatcaaattacaaagacttattaaatgtaatgaaaaagaatttaaaacttttattactcttacttttgataaatatgtcacgactttgactgatgcttataacatttttaaaagatttattaaaaggacaagtaaatgtcaaaaagattttaaatgggtatgtgttcctgaatttcaaaagtgtggtaaagtacattatcatttaattactaatattgatttaaataattctgatttaatatatgagcaagaaactgaaaaaaatatttactatcatataaagacttggtctaaacttattaaaaataatcaagagtatagtcttggctttgattgtgttgagctaataaaagataaggaaggcaatgacactaaaaaactttgtggctatattgcaaaatatatgagtaaagcatatattgaagattgtttctttaatcgtaatagatattatacaagtcaaaatttaatacaaccaaaagaaattttaattgatattgaaaatgaaaatgataatttaaaatttaaaaacataatgaaaaataatgaaataatttatgataattcatataaagactgtttcgataatgatatcatatttatagaagtaaaaaagaagtaa
>gene_19603|Initiator RepB protein
atgagtagacaaaagacattagccaacagagaacaatatgtggtcaaagcaaatgatctgatccggcggacacgttacagcctgacagcgcaaccgcaaaagattgtactgtttgcaatcagcaagatcaagccggatgacgatatacacacagaatacacgttcgatataaacgagctggcgaacgcttgcggtatgaagatccgggacggcggatcatactatgatcggatcaaggcggatctgagacagcttgcaaggcctgaatgggtgcggatgacgattgacaacgggaaagttgttgatcgaatgatatcatggatcaattcagacgcggagatatcacccggcgacagtacagtaaagatatcattcaacaagtatttacagccgtacttgttcgatctgaaagagaaatacacacagtatcgcttgcagaacgtcttagtatttcgcggaaagtacgcgatcagactttatgagatcatgcggagttatacaacacagcgagcaatcgaggaagataaagaaatcgagatagacataccgctcaaagagttgagatatctactcgatacggacgcgtatgatatatggacggacttcaatcgctttatcttaaagcctgcggtcaaagagattaacgaacgcgctgaggatatacacattgagtatcacccaatgagagcggaacacgcgcgggcaattgaaaagataaactttgtgataacctccgccggacttcggcaacaggtagaggcacacatggcgcgaaaagaaaagcttgatcacctcaagatcggcggaggcacgaagaaatga
>gene_14680|recombinase TnpX
atggcacgcaaaagcagatatcagaacacccctaaaacttcagcgagtcctacttccctaacaaaggccggcatctacacccggatctccgttcccgacggtgataatgtcagtgagtctatcgctaaccaaatcaaaattactatgaactacatcaatcatagtgaggatttggaatatgtaaaaaactataccgacgatgggtacacgggacaaaatttcgaccgacccggtttttaccagatgatgcaggatatcaaggatgggctgatcaactgcattatcgtcaaggacatctcccggctcggccgcaactatctggctgtcgggaagttgctgctagaggattttccggagatgggcatccgcttcatcagcattattgactgttacgacagtattgcaaaaaatgatgacatcgagttaagggtcattctccaaagtatcattgatcagaaggtgtctacggatacttccaaacgggtaaccagtgccattgatgccaagaagaaagcgggtactttcctgcctccttcaggcagtattccctatggttatttgcgggacgagaaaaattgcacatacgcaatagatgacgatgcgtttttagtggtaaagcgtatctaccatctgcgtgcccaaggttataacatcactgccatctgtagggaactcaacgaaagaggaattcccagccccagcaagttgagatatttgcggcaccaaactaaggatgaaaccgcgaaagatgcactgtggaatcgagccacggtgcggaagattctgagtgatgagaattacatcggaaatagagtgcacggaaagaagaagcaggacgcacctgccgcagtaaagcggcgtactactaaggacgaatggcagattatcgaaaatgcgcatcccgccataatttccaaggagctctttgaacaagtacaggcaatgattgaaaaagagggcaggcaattcgaatgcactgctgtccccgcacctcaaaacaccaaatcgaacattctaaagggaaaggtcttttgcggagactgtggaaaagctatgaaggctgcaaagagcggaggcggtacagcatattacaactgcagcagctataaggagtccggtggagcacggtgcagcaaccattacattagtgaagacactgtgtatgcggccataactcaagaaattgaaaaaatgctggcagatggtttcctttccggacacagtacgaaaataatgggggattacgaaaagcggcttgcaaacatagatgcagatatacagcaactttctgtgaagcaggatgaactgtcaaatgccctgtcggaggtatatgaggaatatacacgtcattgcattatgaaagacgagttcaaaaagcaaagtgagcatcttagcatggaacataccgattgcgaaataaaagagcagaccctgattgctgagaaaggaagatgcaaagaacagcttggt
>gene_6295|DNA recombinase
atggcatattatgcgtaccagcgagtatctacggaaacacagagcgagcacggatatggtcttgaagcgcagcgggcagccatagccaaatacgcggcggacaacggaattgagatagaccgctatttcgtcgatgcgggaatcagtggcaacattaaggacaccgacgacgacgacgccataaacgcgcgcacggggctaatcgaaatgctgggcgccatgcaggccggggataccatcgtggtgctgaacacttccaggctctggcgcagcgacatgaccaaggccattatacggcgggagctgatgcggcgcggggcgcgcgtcatatccgtcgaacagccgaaatatgacctatacagtaaggacccaggggagtacttgattaacagcttgatggaagcgcttgacgtgtacgaccgcatgagtattgcgctcaagcttgcacggggccgcgccaccaaggccatcggcggggataagccggcggggttagcgccatatggctaccgctacaccggcgacaagaaacacattgagattgaaccgaccgaggcccagaccgtcaaaagcatgtttagcgacgcccagaccgggaaaagcctgcagcagatatgcgacagattgaccgcggcgggaatccgcgcgcggcggggcggcgagtggaccaggggcagcgttcgcgccatcctacggaaccgcttctacctgggcgagcttgaacaccaggggaaaacaatccaggggaaccatgagccgcttgtatctaaagttcagttcggaaaagtggctgcgcagctcaagcggcggcacaaatga
>gene_39866|Initiator RepB protein
atggataagaaaaaacaagatgaatatttaaaaatacgcaatcgtgaagtgataaaagctaatgagctaatacaaaaaagccgattttcgttgagcgtacagcaacaaaaattagtgctatatctcatagcacaaattaacgcatttgacgatgatttcaagctatacgaattagatatcaaagaattttgtaaagtatgcgatattgacgcagaaaacggcaaaaactacattgagataaaagaacaaataaaagcagtagccgataaatcattgtggattacattaccagacggaacggaaacgctgataagatggattgaaaagccgtatatcaatgctaactccggtttaatacaaatccgtcttgatagagatttaaagccttatttgctacaattaaaggcgaattttacaagatatgagctaatatatacattacattttcgctcaaaatatagcattagactatatgagctaatcaaaagcatacattttgacgaattaaacatagaacacaagccatacgagcgttattttaaaatagacgatttaaaacgattgttagacgctgaaacatataaaacatggcaacatttttgtgaaagagcgctaaaaccggcaataaaagaaattaacgaatatagcgacaagatattaacttatgagccaataaaaaccggcagaaatataacacatatcaaactaacaattagcaccaaagaatcgatggagcgcctaaagattagagcgcagattgacgcagaaatgagctataaccctaatcaatatagtttatttgatgatatgggagattaa
>gene_33312|Replication initiator protein
atggaacaaaagaaaaatacagatacacgaaagactgtaagaacagtaacatcaaatgattttataacagcaatgggaattgaagaaatgacactaaaagcaaggaaattattatatattgcaatatcccagtgcaagaaaaatgaccaagaattttttgaataccagataagtgctaaagattttgctaaattgatggatatagaaccagatacagtatacagggaagctgataaaattacagatgaattgatgaaaagctttataagaatcgaaaaaccgcagaataatcagaaaaaaaagagctatttaaagttacagttgtttgatatgtgtcaatatgataatggtctgctttacttccagataagcaaaaagatgacaggttattttctaaatttgaaaaaagatttcacgaaaccattactaaatgattttctgaaaatgaagtctaattatagcatcgaaatatggcatttgatacagcgagaaatgaagtcaatcaaaccaaattcgacagatatcatacagtttgacctgtctttggaagaacttagagccgtcactggaacacaagataaattaaaacaaatggttcattttaaagataaatgctttgataaagctttgcgagaaatttatgataattgtggtgtaaatatcacgtatcaaaatatcagaataggtcgtaaaatcgttggtttccgttgcacagccatatctgctgtgcatatagatgcggagaacatcccagacgatgtaaaagaacgtgctagacagggcaaggaacgtatcagaaacagccaaaagaagatataa
>gene_30882|Rep protein
aacaattttgttggtggaaataatgaattgtggattacactaacatttggagaaaacaaagtatataatcctaatgatttatgtccgatttttgaaaagtttataaaaagattgagatataattataaagattttaaatttgattatatttacatacctgaaccacacgaaaaaggagactggcacatacatttattattaaaagcagataagcctttatatatagaaaattctactcttaacaagatttgggaacatggttttgttaaagtaaatagattaaaagatattgataatataggagcttatgtttctgcatatttaataaacattaaagatggagaaacaaccaaaaaaggtgctaggttatatctttatccacctcagcacaagttgtatagattttcaagaggtattgttgtacctgaaagtgagtacataacttatgatgaagcaaaaaaaaggattagctcggacaagctaacctattcaaatactttgtttattcaaaccgacaaaggatttgaaaacaccattcattatgaatattataatagtaaaagataa
>gene_56001|TraA
atgaagatgaaaacaatagaattgcattgcagtgtcagcgtagttaaagctggcgaaaaaggaaacacagctgcagccggcgcagcttatatttcttgcgaacgtaaccagggttacgatggtaaaattaacgactatacgaaaaagcctggtttggttaactctggcttgatgcttcctgatgaagctccggaacgttggcgagctgacccatctaccatatgggcggagcaagattttctcgattacgaaaaatctactcgtaggggtccgaactcggaactctatcgcgcaggcagaattggtttgccgtgggaaatgtcgtatgaaagagctgcagaagtggccgaagagatacttgaaccgttacgtgaaaaaggtatggttgttcaatgggcgattcacgacgtcgaagaagatggtgttcgcaactttcatctgcattggatggcttcgatgcgagaagcttcgaaggatggtttcggaaagaaaaaccgtgcctggaacaaatacaacggcggtttaaatatcccggaactgctacgtccgagagttgccgccattctaaaccgagagcttgaggctgtcgattcggaatggcgttacgaacacgaaagctttgcgaaacgtaacgtcgataaaattccgcagcgccatatgggacctgcagcaaccgcgctcgagcgcaaaggagttgaaaccgtcaacggaaaaagaaacagctacatcgaatttctcaacaagatccacgcagaaaatctgcgtggtgttgagacgatgaagcaagtaggacgagttgaagatttgattgctggtgcaacaaaacggtcgcagggcgaagaagtctttaaagattgggatgcactatttgctacggttcgcgatgcacgtcgttgtcgcgcggctatggtgacagagcttggtaaggtcaacagggttgccgcagccttcgaggaaggcaacgaaagctatctacgttgggcaggatgcgacccggagagcgagagtcaaaaggttaaaatcaaggaaatgcaaagtgttttacacgttaacattcgcaaaatggagcttacagagaatttgttgcttgatagtaaggaattgtataaggcgcacaataaagtcgtttacacggcaaaaagtgccgcctgggaccaatatcagatagacaaaaacaaacgtggcatggcatattgcgcacgtcgtcttcagaacatagaaagctacatgagctatcttatgcatagcgtatccttcttcgatattcttttcaatacccaggaatacaaagaataccgcgaaacgatggccgacttgcaacgtcagcaggaaaagcttaaggcgcaatatgaacgtcaatacgccgagctcaagaaagccgagaaggatattaagacccatcagaaagaggctaaggcggcaaaacgagcggaaaacaagctgcgccgagagcgaaacattgagatttaa
>gene_57173|Mob protein
atggcacactttgaaaagtacacaatgcccaacactcgtcaaaaaataaatcacgaccgtcgcaaatacataccaaaagaagatgacgaacatattgaccacggtcgcactcatttgaattataatttggcaccgtcgcacgacccgtggcaatttgtcaaggacaaaattgctatgagtaaaaagtcgggcggtcgtgtaaatagtcgcacggtgtcttgtgtgtcgtgtgtggtaacattaccaaagactttcaaaggcgacacccgtctattttttgagaccgccaaaaaataccttgacagtgtttttggtgttgagaattgcatttccgcatgggtccatgtagatgaatcgcaaccacatttgcactataagacaacacccgtcaaggagaaagtcgacgacaaaggtcgtccaacgggtgtgatgcaattcaatgcaaagcaggtctgcagtcgttcattgcttaaacgatttcacaaagaccttgagaaagcaatgacggcggtctttggtcatccggttggcatcctcaacggtgcttgcactgaaggtgcactcaccgtcccacaattgaaaaaccaacaaaaagcatttttgcaattgaataaggacttcagcagtttgttggacgaatacaacgaccttgtagatgaatacaacaaacttcttgaggatgtcgacggtttagaatccgagaaaagtcaacttgtcgccaaggttgaagaactcaaaaaaaaactgcaggcaaccttggacgagaatgcaaaaattgccgacgacatacttcgtgacgatgacgattggtgtcgctaa
>gene_29407|Mob protein
atggcacactttgaaaagtacacaatgcccaacactcgtcaaaaaataaatcacgaccgtcgcaaatacataccaaaagaagatgacgaacatattgaccacggtcgcactcatttgaattataatttggcaccgtcgcacgacccgtggcaatttgtcaaggacaaaattgctatgagtaaaaagtcgggcggtcgtgtaaatagtcgcacggtgtcttgtgtgtcgtgtgtggtaacattaccaaagactttcaaaggcgacacccgtctattttttgagaccgccaaaaaataccttgacagtgtttttggtgttgagaattgcatttccgcatgggtccatgtagatgaatcgcaaccacatttgcactataagacaacacccgtcaaggagaaagtcgacgacaaaggtcgtccaacgggtgtgatgcaattcaatgcaaagcaggtctgcagtcgttcattgcttaaacgatttcacaaagaccttgagaaagcaatgacggcggtctttggtcatccggttggcatcctcaacggtgcttgcactgaaggtgcactcaccgtcccacaattgaaaaaccaacaaaaagcatttttgcaattgaataaggacttcagcagtttgttggacgaatacaacgaccttgtagatgaatacaacaaacttcttgaggatgtcgacggtttagaatccgagaaaagtcaacttgtcgccaaggttgaagaactcaaaaaaaaactgcaggcaaccttggacgagaatgcaaaaattgccgacgacatacttcgtgacgatgacgattggtgtcgctaa
>gene_28560|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atggagcagcagctaagtgaagtcgccgtttctgcgtggtttgacgatgcagaagtaatagatctcacagaaaatgaatttattctctactccccatccgaattccgtcaggaacgcattcgtgtaaattgcgcgccatatgtcgaagaggctctcaagcaactgtttcaatccaatgcaaaactggttgtatggggagaaacagagatgaaggcctgtcgagataaacagagtggggaacgcgaaagctactttaatccgcagtacatctttgaaaacttcatcgctggttctacaaactcgattccattgaaaatagcatctgcggtcgccgcaactcctggcgttgatttatataatcccgtgttcttttatggtccgcctggtgtgggtaaaacccatttgctttattcaattgccaatgaaattgcacggctatatacagacaaaaagatcgtttgtgtcaaaggcgaacaatttactactgatctagtaaaagcgattcaaagcggtggaaccgctctgtttcgggagaagtatcgggaagcagatgttcttcttgttgatgacattcagttcattgctggtaaggagtcaacgcaggaggaattcttccatacctttaatgagctttatgagcgtgggaaacagattgtattaactgccgatcgcaaacccagcgatatggccacgcttgaagatcgtctccggagccgttttggtgtgggtattatggtttctattagtcctcctgatttagaaacacgcatgctaattacaaaagcaaagtctaaacagatgaatttagccctcagt
>gene_39008|recombinase
atggtgactatatcaacgcataatggttctgccgttcatcaagcacacaatatacgagcagagaaagtggtatccaaggaagaacatatcgaacctaatggagtacacgagacttggatacacgaacctgtgcgagaagcatatcacagattgtttgatgaatcggtagagagatacaatgcaggacagacaagagcagatagaaagatagataactattataacaaggtggagaaagacgcaaagcagaatcctgcctatgaaatgataataggtatctacggaacagattgtcctgaagaccttggaaaggtaataatgcaggagttcgtacaaggatggcaggaacgcaatcctaaccttgttcttataggggcttattaccacgcagacgagcaaggagaacctcacgtccaccttgactatgtacccgtagcacacggatacacaaagggaatggatacccaagcaggacttgtaaaagcctttggagaaatgggattcgagaagcaaggtaaagtaactgcacagatacaatgggagcatagggaaaacgatacccttacacatatctgtgaaagatacggacttgaagtatcccatccaaaggaagagggaagagttcatcttgatacagagacctataaggcagaaaagcaccttgaaagcactttggaacacaccaaaggacttttagatatacaagacgatttaagggctgaaacgggcaaattagaggctacaagggataaagcagagaagcaggcagagaaagcccttgaaagaaaagcaaaagccttttcgaggtcttggaag
>gene_6359|DNA recombinase
atgttttatgcttattaccgcgtttcaacggaaacccaggcagaaaaagggggcgggttggaaacccagcgccagaatatagaaaaatactgcgcagatcacggaatcacgcttgcgggaactttcacagatgcaggcatatcgggcgcggtcaaagattttgaagatgatgacgcaattgtgaagcgccccgccctggttgaaatgctttccaccttgcgggacggtgacaccgttattgtcatgaatacaagccgcctgtggcgctctgatactgcaaaggttatcattcgccgggaattgatgaagcaccaagcgcgggttgtgtccgttgaaaatgaacgctttgacctatacgcaaaaaatccgaatgaccgcttcatggatggaatcatggagttaatggacgaatgggagcgtttgacaatcgctttgaaactggcaaagggccggacggcaaaggcaaagaacggggacaagcccgcaggcgttgccccctatgggtacagatacacccaggacaaaaagcacattgaagtgaacccagaggaagcccccgccgtcaagctgatgtttacagagggccagaaggggaaaagtctgcgcagtattgccgatgaactgaacgcaaaaaacattccaaccaggcgcgggaagctgtggagcgctgggaatgtgcaggccattcttcggaatcggttttatattggagaattgcagcaccagggcaaaaccatttccgggaaccatgaagcgcttatttccaaagtgcagtttggcaaggttgccgcccagatcgacaagcggaaacggggttga
>gene_3258|replicative protein
atgaaatgtgaaagtattgataattatagtgtttatgattattctttagtaaaatatacgagaatgggaaatattacacaagttatgagtttatctcataaaaataataaatgtcctatacaaaaaataaataaggatgaatatgttttattagaaaccggagaagttctccaatgtaatcatattgaaaatagaggacaaaacataaatactattcgttattcagtttctaaattaagagccttaataaataataattttactggtggcaataacgaattatggattacattaacttttggagataacaaaatatataatcccaatgacttatgtccaatattcgaaaaattcataaaaagattaagatataaatataaagatagcaaaatcgactatatttacataccagaacctcacgaaaaaggagattggcatatacatttattattaaaatcagacaaaactttatatatagaaaattctgaattaaatagaatttgggaacacggatttgttaaagtaaatagattaaaagatattgataatataggtgcttatgtttcagcttatttaatcaatattaaagatggagaaacaacaaaaaaaggtgcaagattatatctttacccaccccatcatcaattatataggtgttcaaaaggtatcgtaactcctgaaagtgaatatataacttataatgaagcaaaaaaaaggattagctcggacaagctaacctatacaaatactttgtttattcaaacagataacgggtttgaaaatactattcattatgagtattataatagtaaaagataa
>gene_52619|initiator RepB protein
atggtaggcatgaatagtgacgaaagaatagaaatatcgaaaaagagggagtacctagtagtgaaaggcaatgtgcttatccagcagaaccgctttgagctatcactgacagagcagaaaacagtggcttttgtatgctccatgataaagcccatagaagcaaaggacagagcaaatggagtgccttttcaactggagtatgacttcaacattcgtgattactgcaaagtgtgtggtattgattatgacaatggcaacaactatgccaatataaaagccacgctgaaaagactgtctgaccgctccatgtgggttacctttgatgagaacccagacgaagaagtgctgtgtcggtggctgtcaaaggtacgtaccaacaagcggagcggaatggcacacataaagctggatgaggatttggcaccttaccttttcgacttagggcagaagttcacccaataccagctttacaacattcttgccatgaaatcagccttttcggtacgtatttatgagctgatgaagtcctatgcgttccaaaaaagcaagatttttgacattgatgaattaaaacatctgctgatggtggaagatgtaaagtcttatatccgttttccagattttagaagaaaagtgcttgaagtagcacagagagaaattaatgaacttaccgacataaacattcactttgagccgataaccaaaggcagaaaagtagttaaagtgaaattccggatagaacagaaagacacaatggagcgttggcttgccggaacaaccgccaatgaccgtttaggaaagttaggaaaggagtaa
>gene_4866|DNA replication protein, putative
atgattgccgctaaacgtcaatttgcatctgccgtagtcgaatcagatgattttcttgatctccccggcacgtcgcaactgctgtattttcacttaaatatgcacgccgacaacgagggcatcgtggattcgcccaagcgcgtgatgaagagtatcggtgcggcagcaggcgacatgcagtgcctgatcgaagccggctacataatacttttggaacaatatcgcgtgatggttgtaacagattggcacgtcaacaactcaattcaattcaataaaaatcatagcgcgcgaagcaagcatgttgcggcggtccagtgcttaggtagagattgtgacggtcggtattatgtgcgcgaaggtgagctgttagagacctctaagaggtctaccagagacctcttagaggtctctgagaggtctcatggagacctctcatctaatacaacaacaacaacaacaaataaagatgttaatgtaaaagaacagcaacaacaacaacatagcgctgatgatgttgttgttgagtggggtgacgaagaacaagcggtgcttgcgatcattaccgtcgggccatggaatatcatggacggcaaggccgtagagttgataaagacgcatggcgcaacgcggtgtcgcgcttttgagcgcaagcttcgaccgcaggcggcgcgtggcgaggtcggagcggggctcttgatcaaacttatcgaagattcgaacgagccaacgccagtggctcgttcggaagaaaaacgcgagcaaaagatcgagcgttttgtaggagaacaaggggaagagcgaatacgtcttgtttga
>gene_29059|Replication protein
atggcagacgcaaaaaaacagaataaagaaaaagaaaatagatatagattgttcaatatatgtcagatggcaagccatcctttgaatggtgaaattctcttgaccgaagaaaaaatagttcaaactcttgaaaaatacaagagtttgacacaatgggcatggatttgccatgacagagatgtctacaccgcagaagatgaagataaggacagttcgaaaaaagaaggtagtccaaaaccaaagcatttccatatcgtgatttcctgcgacaacgggcaggaaattagcaaaatttcaaaatggtttggtattcctccgcaatatattgaaatcccgtatggtaggggaaaaacagcttttacagattgcattgagtatcttacccatgaacatgagcgtcagcaggaacttgggaaaacgctttacaatgatagcgaagttcatagtaatttcgattggcgtcttttgattaaagcgaagtacatgaaacaatacgaaaaggcagaaaagggcattttttcaaatgatttagagaaatatatgtatctcgttttgtataagggtatgacattgagagaagttggtgcagaagttccttttctgtttggagagaacctttccaagtttgaaagatggagaagaaagtatcttgaaatgtatgctcctttgccctcaaaccgcttaaattattatatctctggcgattctggagagggcaaagggtatctatctcgtgcgttagcaagaacgattgcacaaactcattttggctattctccagatactccagataatgaaattttctttcaggtcggtgcgaaaaatacgactttccaaaattttgatggacaaaaaataattatttgggacgattttcgtgggtatgaattgatggaatgtttgggcggtagaggaaatgtgtttgatgtttttgaaataactccatcgaacaaaacgcagaacatcaaacacggggcaattagattgacgaactatgtgaacatcgtgaactccgttcaatctttgaccgatttcaaaaaagatttgtgtgctgaatataccgataaggcaggtaagcatcacaaagcagaaagtcttgaccaagtaagtcgcagatttccattaaccagtacgctccaagatacggaatttgagtttctgataaattgcggttttctgaatattggctcttatgatgattacatcagtttgcaaaaatttaagtttggtatgcgtaagttaattgcagattgccacggagatgaaaaagccattacaacgattttcaaaaatgaatcttcgaaattgttggagaaacatggagatataacttcacgaacaagagaattgacaaatgaagaattaaagcgacttgaagaaaaatactctggtgtcattgatgcagagtatgaggaagttcaaacattcattgaacttccagaagatgacgatgatgaagcaccattttaa
>gene_43568|Initiator RepB protein family
atggatcaggaggataccgcaatgtatgagcatagtctgacacaagaacgacgctggacagtagcaaaaagcaatgacattattagaaactcacgctatagtctatcagtccagcaacaaaagattttgctatacatgatcagcaagatccgtcctatggatacaggcaacaaagaatatacctttgatattcaagaattctgctctgttgccggtttagatacatctaatggattctattatgtttcactcaaacggcaaataaaagaactgcgtgatagcagcgtatgggttaaagttggcaaaaaagagattctactttcttggctcaatacggttgagatggatgaaggaagcggaaccattaagataaagttccacgaaacaatacagccctatctctttgagttaaaggagaaatatgtttcttatcgtctaaatgaagtgctggtgatgcgatcaaagtatagcctgcatctgtatgaactgcttaagtcattcgcttatggtgacgccttccataattatcaggaagttgaagttaattatgaaccgaagcagctacaagtgctattagatgctgaaaaatatgatagatactataatttcaaacagcgcgtattgttaccagctatccaggaaatcaatgaatgtagtgaagaaatacatgttgagatgaaggaagaacgagctggaagagctataaaaagcgtgctattcttgataacacacgctcatggtcggcaaatattaaatgccagggaaatgaagaaagataaatatagcaagagaacacgcaagaaatcaaactcataa
>gene_7507|Replication protein
atgaacgaagtagtgaaatatgacaacattttgaaccatgttagctttagagattttagtgaaaatgattttaatttgtttatgtgtttgtgtgctaggcttagagatcttggggatgaaaagcaggtgtatgaatacgattatctcatggatatgattgggtgggataaacggcaaaggttagagctttttcatgacgaaattaagcgaatgagcgacaagttaagaaaaatcggtggagtgattgacgtaagccctgatgaatttgtttgctttaatctttttcagacgtttcgaggaaataagcaaaaaaagcatctgaccgtcagtgttaaccccgaattcaaatacgtgcttaatgatttgacgaaaaactttactcgctttgaattatctgaatacgtgagcctaaacggacgatacagcaaacttttatatcagcatcttaaacaattcagaagatccggttggtggcaagtgtcacttgaagatattcggcatgaattatcgatccccgattcaatgccaacacgaaatataacgccaaagatattaaatccaagcattgacatcataagatcttgcaaaggcttttcggatttaaaggttgaggtcatccgatcaccacgaagagggcgaaaggttgaaggctataaattcacatggacggctgacaatcagatcccagggcaaatgtcgattgatgacttacaaaagccccaaaagcccaagaaaaaggcgaaaaatgcattcaacgactttccccaaagggattacgatatggacgaactcgaaaagaaattattgtcaaattag
>gene_28114|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggtagagcgtgcaacctccgacgaatcggaggatttttttatggctaaaatcgacaaggctcgcttttggacaggcgtactgtaccaagagaacatgaaggaaaactgggagatcaagataggcgatatagtgcagctgccttatgcttactgttgccacacccaggataaggacacaaaatcagaacaccggaaggatcacgttcatctgatcctagcatttcccaacacgacaacctatagtcatgcaatgaaggtctttgaccttctttctgctccgggaaagaaggctctgaacacagttcaggccgtcatcaatatccgaagcatctatgactacctgatccatgatacagacacttgccggaaggaaggcaaggagctgtatcatccttcggcccggatcaccggcaacaactttgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggtgcagctgaaaagaacgagatgacgaagaacctctgcctggacatcatgcagcatggtttcactaactttggtgattttttccttttcgtcattgatacatacgaagacagtaactattttgagatcgtgaagacctacagcggcctttttgagcggttgaccagggcaaactatcagaagcaggaacaaggccgcctggcggctgccgaggcttcgtcacaagcccaagtcaacgaaaagtcaacggagaaggctccgttgtgttgccccgaatgtgggtctataagtatcgtaaagaggggcaaaaccgcagcggatagccaactttggggttgtaaagattgcggaaagcggttcgttctgtag
>gene_30704|replicative protein
ttggaagttaaaaatcttagtaattatagtgtttttggtgattctttagtaaaatttactcgaatgaaaaatatttcacaaatattaagtttagcacataaaaatacttcttgtcctattaaaaaaatcagtaaagaagaatatatgtatttagatactggtgaaatatttcaatgtaatcatatagaaaatcgtggtcaaaatataaatactattcgttattctatttctaatcttcgtaatcttattaataacaattttgtaggtggtcaaaacgaattatggattactttaacttttggggaaaataaagtatatgatccaaaagatttataccctattttttctaattttataaaaagattacgatataattataaaaatttaaaacttgattatatatatgttccagaacctcatgaaaaaggggattggcacatacatttgcttttaaaatctgataaatctttatacatagaaaattctaaattaaatgaaatttgggctcatggttttgttaaagttaataggttgaaagatattgataacattggggcttatgtttctgcttatcttattaatattaaagatggtgaaaaaactaaaaaaggagcaagattgtatttatatcctactggtcatcagttatatagatattcaaaaggtattaaaaaacctattagtgagtatatgacttataacgaagcatataaaaaaatcagttctgacaaactgacttttaaaaaaactatttcaataactgaacaagattttcaaaacattattcattatgaatattataacagtaaaagataa
>gene_28210|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgacattacgacacgatttaagattgcccaatgagtatcgtaataaaaatatcgacgtaaatcgaaaggggctgaattatgactttaacgacggaaaaaacccttttgatttactgaagaagaggttggaaaatgaagtttatatctacggtcgtaatggaaagaaagccaataagataatacacctctgctccgtctgtgtaacaatgcctttggattgtccggtatcagagcgacaattcttctcgatgatagacgaagtattaagtgataaattcggcattgataacaaaatatcccacatagtacacaaggacgagggtgtaaccggtgtgcctttgagaattcattcacattacaaattcacacctgttatttttaatgaaaagaaacaaagagaagaactctgttgtaaaaaagtgatgaataggacaatgctccagggatttcacgcagacatagaaaaaaggatttatgaaaaatttggcgtgaaaatccaactacacgagcctgaccctgaaaaaagagcgaagaattatattaaggatgtagaagaatataaaatagccagggatattataagaaaaagccaggaagaagtcctggaattagaaaatggaataaaagccagggaagaacgtatcgaagaattaaaccaaaaaggtcgagatttagttataaaaataaataaaacggaagaagaattgaattttttaaatgaaacatacaacgaaagcctggaagacttgaaaaacattataaaaacaaacaaaattttagaagaaattcaaatcgatgatgaattggaaatctaa
>gene_55810|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgacattacgacacgatttaagattgcccaatgagtatcgtaataaaaatatcgacgtaaatcgaaaggggctgaattatgactttaacgacggaaaaaacccttttgatttactgaagaagaggttggaaaatgaagtttatatctacggtcgtaatggaaagaaagccaataagataatacacctctgctccgtctgtgtaacaatgcctttggattgtccggtatcagagcgacaattcttctcgatgatagacgaagtattaagtgataaattcggcattgataacaaaatatcccacatagtacacaaggacgagggtgtaaccggtgtgcctttgagaattcattcacattacaaattcacacctgttatttttaatgaaaagaaacaaagagaagaactctgttgtaaaaaagtgatgaataggacaatgctccagggatttcacgcagacatagaaaaaaggatttatgaaaaatttggcgtgaaaatccaactacacgagcctgaccctgaaaaaagagcgaagaattatattaaggatgtagaagaatataaaatagccagggatattataagaaaaagccaggaagaagtcctggaattagaaaatggaataaaagccagggaagaacgtatcgaagaattaaaccaaaaaggtcgagatttagttataaaaataaataaaacggaagaagaattgaattttttaaatgaaacatacaacgaaagcctggaagacttgaaaaacattataaaaacaaacaaaattttagaagaaattcaaatcgatgatgaattggaaatctaa
>gene_50121|Replication initiation factor
atgctctctcaagccgctaaatttgactggtattcctcgaccgttcaggcatcagatccgcaagcatgtgggctggtttcggtgctacaggaagcatgggaattaaccgattgggtaccggcaaaaaaccggaatggttacacctacggcggcgctatcgttcgagggagtaaaaccctagcgcatctatgctggggcggtaattcgggaatcagcgtaaccacaacgtcatcggactcgccggttctcgtccaggctctgcgtgatttcgccaatcgttcgggtatccaccatctgccaacaagggttgatgcctgttgtgactgggtagaatcaggcctatttgactcgctcgcggcgcatctaatccggtacgcagtaaaaaacaggttagcgatagatcagcaaggggactgggaaagaggcgaaggaagaacgctgtatatcgggtcaaaagactcgccagttcggctagtgctctacgaaaaaggctatgagcaaggcggggatgctccaagggattgggtgcgtctcgaagtcagggtgaggccgaagaaagcccataaagcaggtgttgcaacatgggacgctgggacgtgtttctgtgcgggatgggtaccggatgcgctcaaggtgctggattgggagggattgcagaaaaaggcagttggcacggtatggcgtccagaggatgcggaaagagcaagggctgcattgctgcgccagtatggaaaacttctagctgggtgggcagcggaagagggcggatggtcaaacctcggggaaaccctgggcaaagcattacaacccgcttaa
>gene_45741|Replication initiation factor
atgcgtttcgactggtatcaggcgaccgttgcagagcatccgatcgtgctcgttgagcagctggcgcagcggctcggagcagggggggaggtggtcgaggggcgaggccacaacggctaccgccaggggttcacgatcttcggcccggaccggctcaaagtggccgaggtcaatgcgggtggcgcgaacggggatcccaacgtcatcgcttcaggggtggcgtgcgatgcgttcgtaccggtgttccgggagctctggccagctcatcgactaacccggctagatgccgcggaggacttcggccaggaagggggatacgacgcgctcgagctcacatgccgtgcggtcctggcgggaacaagggtgaaggggcatcgagtgctgccggacgatccgagggacggccggtcctacgtcatgggtgctcccacatcggacgtgcgcgccaggctctacgacaaggccgcagagcagcggcgacggctcgggcgaagcgcggacattccggagcattgggtacggctggaggcgcaggtacggccgcgccaggcatggcgggaaaacgctgccacgtgggagccaaaacactgcttcgcaacggcgggatggttgagcgaggtcgcatcccaagcgttgggactcaaccttgatcgggtgaccatgcaggcagggcgcgagtcagatgaccagagggcgtggcgcttcatgctgcggcagtacgggccactcctgcggcgtcgaatggcggagcacggcagctggtgcgctctggggtgccagatcggcgaggacctggaagcagctaagcggatttga
>gene_20230|DNA recombinase
atgtattatgcgtactaccgggtgagcaccgaaacacaggccgagaagggcggcgggcttgagacccagcgccagaacatcgagaagtattgtgcgctgcacagcatcactctggacggcgaattcaccgatgccggtatctctggcgctgtgaaggataccgatgacgatgacgccatcagcaagcgccccgctctgatcgagatgctggccaccctcacagagggggactccgtcatcgtcttgaacacctcccggctctggcgctccgacaccgccaaggtgatcatcaggcgggagctgatgaagcgccatgctcacgtcctcgctgtggagaatgagcgcttcgacctttacgccaagaatccgaatgaccgctttatggacggcatcatggagctgatggatgaatgggagcgcttgaccattgcgctgaagctctccaagggccgcacagcgaaagcgaagaccggctggaaaccggctggcgttgcccccttcggatatcggtacaccaccgacaagaaggggatcgagatcgacgagtccgaagcccaggctgttaagatgatgtttaccgagggccagaaggggcgctcccttcgccagattgctgacgtgctgaacagcgccgggattgccacacggcgcggcaacgaatggagcgccgggaacgtgcaggccatcctcaagaacaccttctacaccggcgagctgatccatcagggccatcccatcaagggcgcccacaccccgctgatcagcaaggttcaattcggaaaagtacaggcccagctcgagaagcgcaaaaggtga
>gene_54168|Putative mobilization protein
atgacgaacagatacggagagaaatatactttatctgctactgttcaccttgatgaaactacaccacacctgcattactcatttatccctgttggttatgacaaaaagaacgacagatatactgtttcaagtaagcttgtagcaacgagaaccgaacttaaaaaattccagcaagaattgagtaaatctttggaaaatgaatttggttatgatgtcggcattttaaaccaggctacaaaagacggtaataaagaaattcaagaattgaaacttcagacagctcaaaagcgaataacagatgctgaacagcttgcaaaacgggcagaaagccgtttaaatgacctccagggacgagttttgacacaagaacaggtaaatgccttacgaggcaaaaaaacgcttacaggcggtttaaaggacataagttataatgaatacctctcgcttaagaaaactgctcaaaatgtaaaacacgctaaagtggtgattaacaagctgaaagaagaaaatgaacacctaattgacaacattaatgaattaaagtcacagttacaaaatgccaatactgttagcaaagaaactattttgcataaccttatcgaaagagatttgaaaaaacagtacgaaaaatatgcttacagaaaaattcctaaaaccccttacatagctcaaataaaacaaacggtgtgttgtattgtaagtgagagtgatgataataatttttatataatcaaatgtcctgcatctgagattggtttattagacagaactatcaagcgatttttgccaagcaaaaataataattttcacttgtaa
>gene_43992|Replisome organizer
atggctgaacgtaggatgttttcaaaacaaatagtgtgttcagacgcttttcttgatttgcctttcagtgcccgttgtctttactttgggttgggaatgaacgctgatgatgacggctttgtcggtgctcccaaaagggttataagagaaagcggggtaaccgaaaaagacttagatatattattagaaaagaggtttgtattgcagtttgattccggtgttatcgttattaagcattggaagattaacaacagcatacaaagagaccgatacaaacctacaacttttcaaaaagagttttctcttttaatagaaaaagaaaaccactcttacacaatggatacaaactgtatccacaatggatacaaaacggatacacagtataatatagataaggatagtaaagataaagacagtaaaggtaaagagtgtgtgcatatacagggtaaaaccaacggggtgagtgaacttctcaaagaattacaaaaacaatgggaaataaactgctattcttgtcctaaagccaatagattaacaagcttggatgaaaagaaccttgccacaatcttgaatgatcccgatttgccaatagataaggactatatcattgagcagatgaaacgaatacaacaatcagactttgcaaccggaaacaatgacaaagggtggaaaatgacttttagcaagtttttatctgatttcactgatgtaataaatggaaagtatgacggtaaaaaacaaaacagcggttttagaccaagggacttatcctgcaatcatcaagaaccaaaagattactatgtggatgaattctaa
>gene_5302|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatgaagtggttaaatatgacaacattttgaacagaatttctttccataattttgatgaacgggacttcgacttttttatgactttatgttccagaatgagggatttaggagaggaaaaacaagtatttgactatgattacttgatggaattaatgcaatgggatagaacacaaagactagacgtattccatgaatcgttaaaaaagatgggcgaaaagctccgcattatcggcgctacagtcgatatctccgatgacgaatgggttagttttgatttgttcccagttttgcgagctaacaagaaaaaacgcactcttacagttcaggtaaaccctgaatttaaatacgtccttaatgacgtaactaagaattttacaaggtttgaattaagcgaatacgttagtctaagcggtcgttacgctaaacagctttaccaacacctcaaacaatatcgtaaagcaggatggtggcaggtgtccgttgatgacctcagaagagaactatctattcctgagacaatggagacaagaagaatcataaacaaagtcataaagccaagcattgacacaatcaagacctgcaagggttttgcagatcttgattgtgaggttatccaaagcccaagaagaggaagagccgtaataggctataaatttacttggacagcgcctaaacaaataccaggacaaatgagcctggacgacttccaaaaaactccgccaaaaaataaaaaagcgagcaagaaaaaagctgattttgagcagaacacctacgattttgaagaacttgaaaaagagcttttgaagaattaa
>gene_20914|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatgaagtggttaaatatgacaacattttgaacagaatttctttccataattttgatgaacgggacttcgacttttttatgactttatgttccagaatgagggatttaggagaggaaaaacaagtatttgactatgattacttgatggaattaatgcaatgggatagaacacaaagactagacgtattccatgaatcgttaaaaaagatgggcgaaaagctccgcattatcggcgctacagtcgatatctccgatgacgaatgggttagttttgatttgttcccagttttgcgagctaacaagaaaaaacgcactcttacagttcaggtaaaccctgaatttaaatacgtccttaatgacgtaactaagaattttacaaggtttgaattaagcgaatacgttagtctaagcggtcgttacgctaaacagctttaccaacacctcaaacaatatcgtaaagcaggatggtggcaggtgtccgttgatgacctcagaagagaactatctattcctgagacaatggagacaagaagaatcataaacaaagtcataaagccaagcattgacacaatcaagacctgcaagggttttgcagatcttgattgtgaggttatccaaagcccaagaagaggaagagccgtaataggctataaatttacttggacagcgcctaaacaaataccaggacaaatgagcctggacgacttccaa
>gene_54364|Plasmid replication protein
atgcccgaaagcgaaaaggaatatccattaaaactaaatccagattattatgttgtaacagctaatgaccttatcaagggacggcagagaatgagtttaagagaagctcagttactgtttatagctatatcgcaggtagtgaaagaggataaggactttaagacatgtacaactactgtatcggagctttctttattcatgggtgatagcccagagaacttgtacagagacctaaaagggatatgtaagagcttgtgtcaacaggtcgttgaagttcagattgggggcgagaactccaaaggcaaagcaaagtggaaggtttttagctgggtacagagtgcagaatacgacagcggaaaacttaccttgcgtctttctgatgatataaagccctatcttctcgatctggataggtactatacacagactcagcttggtactttgatgacgttccgtagctactataccacaaggttgtaccagtaccttagagctgataccggagctaagagggactaccaggaagaatggtattttacttgtgacgaccttcgggagctatttcaagttaaagataatcaatactcgagaacgtataaccttattcagaaaacaatagtgccggctctagatgaattgggcaaatcagattttgcttatatttgggattacgaagaacatagagcaaatagacgtggtagacctcttattggggtgtcttttaaggctatattctttgatgacaaggcaaaaaaagattactacattaaacgagcaaaaccgattatagagcagtatacaagtcagatggtt
>gene_2148|Initiator RepB protein family
atgatatactacttgctagaatcagctctcgaggtgtttgaaatgggaaatggcaataagacagtcgccgaccagcgtcagtatgtagtgaaatcgaatgatctaatcagaaaaacacgctacacgatgacaacgcaacaacaaaaaatcgtgctgtttgccatctcaaaaattaagcctatagaccctcctggaacctcatataccttttccatagaggaaatctgtaaggcttgcgggatgaagtatagcgagggaggctattattataaagccatcaaggacgatataaaagcgcttacaagcagaatatgggtcaggatgccagacggcaaagaaagaactatttcatggattggagatgcagagattgaacctttcaatggaaccttgacgattcagtttcacaaggaaatggaaccatacctttttgatctccatagccactacacacaataccgcttagacaatgtcctggctttcaaggggaagtatgctattcggctttatgaaatcctccgttcctatatgtctcaacgaagcattgacgaaggcgtagaaagagccgtttccttcgaggtggaggagcttcgagaaatgctagatgtaagtatttatcctagatgggccgatttcgacaggttcgtaataaagaaagcggtggaggaaatcaatcagtattgtgatgagattcatatagagtacaacacccacaagaggggtcgaagcatctcaagaataaacttcatcatcacaacgcccaggggctttgatatgcttatagcaaggcaacaaaaacggaaaagaatatga
>gene_20348|Plasmid replication protein Aci 3
atgaagaaaaatgaacttgtcgtaaagtcaaatcgcctggttgaggccagctaccggctgggactgaacgagcagcgcatcatcctgtacgcgatctgtcggtgtcgagaggagcagaaggggctgttcccggatctacccgtcaccattacggccgatagcttcgccaaacagttccccagcatcgacaagacgaacgtgtaccggcagcttaaggaagccatggacgccctttacgagcgaagcgtgacgattcatgacattgatccagccagcggccatgcccgtgtcaagaaaacccgctgggtgagtgaagcagcctacgtagacggcgcaggcaacgttcaggtcatctttacgccagaggtaatcaagtacgttacacgcctggaggccgaattcactagctaccagctggagaaggtggggcacatgaccagcgctcacgccgtgcgcatttacgagctgctgacccagcaccgggaaattggcaaccgcaccatcaatttaaaatggttgcgcgagacgctccagatcgaggccgacgagtacaagctgacggccgatttcattaagcgtgtcatcgagccttcggtcgagcagatcaacaggcacagcgacctcacagtgagctacaagacggtcaagacaggccgcgccatcacggatttcgctttcaagatcaaggagaagagcaacaagggcaagacggccggtgcgccctcggatcaccattaccgtgagaagctggaagcggccggccagcaacgcatccccgatccggtcaatgacgaccaggaggaattttga
>gene_55899|Plasmid replication protein Aci 3
atgaagaaaaacgagcttgtcgtaaagtcaaatcgcctggtcgaagctagctaccggctgagcctgaacgaacagcgcatcatcctgtacgcgatctgccggtgccgtgaggagcaaaaggggctgttcccggatctgccggtcacgatcacggctgacgcctttgccaagcagttccctagcatcgggagaagcaacgtctatcagcagctcaaggacgctatggacgccctctacgagcgcagcgtaacgatccatgacattgatccggccagcggccatgcccgcgtcaagaaaacccgctgggtgaacgaggcggcctatgtggacggtgcgggcaatgttcaggtcatcttcacgccagaggtcatcaagtacatcacgcgcctggaggccgagttcaccagctaccagttggagaaggtcggccacatgaccagcgcgcacgccgtgcgcatctacgagctactgacccagcatcgggagatcggcagccgtacgctcaacctggcgtggctgcgcgagacgctccagatcgaggccggcgagtacaagctgactgccgacttcatcaagcgggtcatcgagccttcggtcgagcagatcaacaaacacagtgacctggccgtgagctacaagccggtcaagacaggccgcgccatcacggatttcgccttcaagatcaaggaaaagggcggcaagggcaaggcggcggccggatcgccctcggatcaggcctaccgcgacaaactggaggcggccggccagcagcgcatccccgatccagtcaccgacgaccaggaggaattttga
>gene_51594|replication protein PDa0002, partial
atgaccatgggaaaccctccgggtcgcaacacccaccagcgcgcaaagcgtgatgtggtcgagggctggaccgacgctagcacccgccgtaacacgcgcttcctgtacggcgtggatgagcggcatctgaccggccacggcttcgccctgagtctcaccctccgagaatgccccccggactccgacgactggaaacggctgcgagaggggttcttcgcccgcatgcggcggatggggatgatccgcgcccactggctcacggagtggcagcgccgcggctgtccccacatgcacgccgcgatatggttcgacgaagggctgagggaccgcgatcccttcgccattcgcacgatcgcggaacactgggtcgccctggcctcggtctacggtgctggcctgaaaggccagcatgtcgcgcaaatcacggactccgtgggctggttccagtacctctcaaagcacgccgttcggggcctgagccactatcaacgaagccctgagggcatccctccggggtggagccggaccggccgcatgtggggtcacttaggtgattggcctatcaccggcgctgttcggtacacgctggagatgcaggggttctgggccttccgccgtctggtgcagaggtggcgcctagccgatgccagggcgtcgggcgacccgtaccgcctgcgggctgctcgccggatgttgcagtctgcgaaccgtgaagccgggagcgtccgaggtgtttcggagtggatcgggagcgagcagacgcaggcgtttcttcggcacctggcggcgatgggg
>gene_27131|Replication protein RepB
atgcggcaagatctaaaagagcactatttagtggtcaaagaccagagagttgttaagtccaacgatctgatccagaaatcacgctttgatctatcactccaagagcagaagatcatactatacctaattagccagatcactccccaggatgaagagtttaagctctatgagttttctattgcggacttctgtaagatctgtggcattgatcacacctctggaggtaattacgcagatctaaaaagggccgttaaagagattagcgataagagtatctggatcaacatagacgaggatcaagaaactcttatccgctggatcgagaagccgtatctgaataagagatccggcacaatcaagatccgtctggatgaagatatgaagccttatctcctccagttgaagcaaaacttcacaagctatgagctgatcttcactctccgcttccgaagcaaatatagcacacggctctttgaattagtgagcagcatacattaccgcaccctggaggaatactccagagaatacacgatcaacgagctccggcggttaatgggagcagagaattataaaacctggcagagcttcaaagaacgagctctgatcccggcagtaaatgagattaaccagtatagcgataagaacttgacctatgaagtcatcaagcgagggcgtgccgtttctggcgtgaggcttattgtatcttccaagaacactctggaggccctccggatccgaagcgaaatagagcacgaatttggatatgaccagatctccttctgggatgtgttagaggaaaaggggttagtatga
>gene_8142|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
caagacttcgtgataaaaaagcttttcggctcccattttgtcggtcgtgtaactgtatgtgaaataatgtacggtcgtaatggctggcacccgcattttcatatattgcttatcggtgaaaagggtttagatattaaacatctttcagacctctttactgaaaaatggcttgatatgcttgaaaaagagggtttagagggtttagagggcgttgcttgtgatttcgaagcatgtaaagacatcaaggattatcttacaaaaataccgtgtgaaatatgcggagtttcaaagaaagacgggaagtttccaaagcatttaaacttcttccagttggtttctaaatgcgttcagactccatacggacaaagaaaacgcaagctagaggatttgatttttgaatattacaaagctacaaaaaatagacatttcatattcttttctaaagggttaaaagagcgttacggagtagaaaacgaaaccgaagacgcttttatggatagaatgcaaggattagggaaaagctggcgccgtttaggtctaggcttctgttttgatagtggatatgaaaaccttacggcttctgaagttcattggtgcttgcgtgttttagatggatatgaaaagggaaaagacgatagagacgtagagcaattcttaaagtctaaaggtgttcagtttcatatggaagatgctagagacgctgacggcttaacgggtagttcggaggatatagcatggataaaagagatacgaaacagacataaaaataaaaatcggaaaggcgaagcggtgcgctatattcctaaagcatga
>gene_19376|Putative Mob protein
ggcaagcagaagcgagccgatagaaagatagaggactactgcgaccatatcaagaagtccaagaacggagagaagctcttttacgaagatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagacgatttcaaaagcccagagacgagggagagagccaaagaagccctcgtgaagtatgtagagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggagcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagtccccatatgcatttggactatgttccagttgcgactggctattccagaggacttgaaaagcgaaattcgcttgataaggctatgaagcagatgggctttcagccagagaatgagagccgaaagaacaacgccacaaagctctggaaagaaaacgagcgtgccgttttcggacagctctgccgtggccttggtcttgaggtcgaagctgaacgcaaagccagagggagcttatcggtcgaggaatacaaagaagccagagaccagatgataggcggtatcgagcaggagcgtgaagctatcgttgccgaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaaaaccggcatagacgagatagacagcaccggcaagaccattctgcccggtgtggtagcagtaaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggtcaaggagcaggcgaaagcctacaccgccaaccgagacgaaattggagagctacgacagcgttccgctgctgtctcccagagggagcagcgcgcggatcagcgagagcaacagctcgacaataaggctcaagagctggcaaggcaacagcaacagcttcagcagatgtaccagagacagctcaacctcaatcagcttttggagaagtccgagagggacggcagggcgaaagacaagaagatagcagacctgcagaccgaaaacacctctctgagggggcaaattcgctctctgacggctcaacttgaccaagttaaggcagaactgtgggagaagataaataacctcagagacaagctcaagggggcttatgagagccttacgaatgtcgttaaggcagtcggtatgctcaagtatgaccgagagaaagaccagaacggcaattacacctacggcaagtacggcataagcaatttgagcaagtctcaagaaaagctcattgacggcttggcagagtacggagcgaagtgggcgagagaggacggctttccagagatggcagaggagatggaaaagcgtgtcggtatcagcaagggtattggcaatatcatagagccgcaaactccgaagcgttccagaagacatgatggaccgagcctttga
>gene_4280|Plasmid recombination protein
gacctcaaagaagcatatcacgagattttcggtgaagctcttgagaagtacaacggcaagcagaagcgagccgatagaaagatagaggactactgcgaccatatcaagaagtccaagaacggagagaagctcttttacgaagatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggatttcaaaagcccagagacgagggagagagccaaagaagccctcgtgaagtatgtagagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggagcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagtccccatatgcatttggactatgttccagttgcgactggctattccagaggacttgaaaagcgaaattcgcttgataaggctatgaagcagatgggctttcagccagagaatgagagccgaaagaacaacgccacaaagctctggaaagaaaacgagcgtgccgttttcggacagctctgccgtggccttggtcttgaggtcgaagctgaacgcaaagccagagggagcttatcggtcgaggaatacaaagaagccagagaccagatgataggcggtatcgagcaggagcgtgaagctatcgttgccgaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaaaaccggcatagacgagatagacagcaccggcaagaccattctgcccggtgtggtagcagtaaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggtcaaggagcaggcgaaagcctacaccgccaaccgagacgaaattggagagctacgacagcgttccgctgctgtctcccagagggagcagcgcgcggatcagcgagagcaacagctcgacaataaggctcaagagctggcaaggcaacagcaacagcttcagcagatgtaccagagacagctcaacctcaatcagcttttggagaagtccgagagggacggcagggcgaaagacaagaagatagcagacctgcagaccgaaaacacctctctgagggggcaaattcgctctctgacggctcaacttgaccaagttaaggcagaactgtgggagaagataaataacctcagagacaagctcaagggggcttatgagagccttacgaatgtcgttaaggcagtcggtatgctcaagtatgaccgagagaaagaccagaacggcaattacacctacggcaagtacggcataagcaatttgagcaagtctcaagaaaagctcattgacggcttggcagagtacggagcgaagtgggcgagagaggacggctttccagagatggcagaggagatggaaaagcgtgtcggtatcagcaagggtattggcaatatcatagagccgcaaactccgaagcgttccagaagacatgatggaccgagcctttga
>gene_19374|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcacaataggcgagagtacgagaagtacggcaagcctattccagataacattgatgtctccaagtcctcggagaacatcactctggttgataaagacctcaaagaagcatatcacgagattttcggtgaagctcttgagaagtac
>gene_42582|replicative protein
ttggaagtaaaaaatattgataattatagtgtttatagtggctctttagtaaaatatacgagaatgggaaatataactcaaattttaagtttatcacataaaaatagtaaatgtcctataaagaaaattagtaaagaagaatatatgtatttagatactggagaaatattgcaatgtaatcatatagaaaatcgtagtcagaatataaatacaattcgatattctatatctaatcttcgtaaccttataaataataactttgttggtggtcaaaatgaattatggattactttaacatttggagataataagatatataatcctaatgatttatgccctatttttgagaaatttataaaaagattaagatataattataaagattttaaacttgattatatatatgttcctgaaccacacgaaaaaggagactggcatatacatttgcttttaaaagcagataaacctttatacatagaaaattctaagcttaatgaaatatggtcatatggatttgttaaagttaatagattaaaagatattgacaatataggtgcttatgtttctgcttatcttattaatattaaagatggagaaaagacaaaaaaaggtgctagattatatctttatccggttggtcatcaattatatagattttcaaaaggaattaaaaaaccagtaagtaagtatataacttatgataaagcaaaagaaaaaatcagctcggacaagctgacttattcaaacact
>gene_43089|Replication protein
atgattggctgcggggaaacgctgggagtgcgctactgcccaagttgcggctatcggcatatcgttcacgcgcatagctgcaaggatcggctgtgtcctttgtgtagctggcggctgtcgatcaagcgttatcacgagatgcgcgctaccgtcgaattgctagaaccggagatttccgagcggcagcttaaagcgtgtatgctcacgctcaccgtaaagaattgcaagccaaaggagttaagggctacactgtccgcgatgggaacggcgtggaagcgcttacagcagtccaagctgtttcgtcctgtggccggttggggacgctgcacagaagtcacattcaacagcgatacaaaaaccatgcacccacactatcatatcatcatgtttattccggcagactatccaatgtgggatatgcaagaggagattcggcgcttgtggcagcgctcggctaggttgtcctatagcccgatcctggacatcagagcggcctactgcaaagatgggcaggaggatattatagcctgtgccggagaagcatttagttattccatcaaacctgtcaccactggcagcatgagcgactactatcttgagattttcgcgggcgagatcgccggagcgcggcttaccgggtatggtggcatcatcaaggacgctagagcaaagctagggttaaccgatgatgagcaagaggacgatcatagaccggatatctgtgagtgtggtacagcgttgcaggaaatgctgctggcatggagtgcaggcggttatagccggatcgagaagctgggaggtgcgtgtgcatga
>gene_33846|Replication protein
atgaaaactattttttttaacagcgttgatgacgatttcaaccagcaatatgatgttatgattgcagaaaagattgcggtacatgacaaacagtatttgccgttaatggcgggttatttgcaggaaagaggggaactatatagactacaaaattatttagattgcagacaagagcatattttataccgttggcaagataaccacaaccacaaacattacagaacaaagacattttatagttgtcaagacagattttgcccattgtgtagctggcaacagtccaaggctaataagtataatctagccagagttattcagtatgctaaataccagcaacataaaattataagcttattaagattaagccgatgtaatgttaaaggctggctgatacgtcaagagattagaaatattaaccaacaatttaagaagctgatgaagcgtagacctgtacaaaaggttgttggcggttatataaagatattagaaataacctacaataccagccaagatacttttaatgtacatctgcatattgtattagcgttgaataataactattttgccactggtaacaagatacactggtataaattatggaaagaattacatccagcggttagagttaatgcacactttttggctaatataaatattgctggtaaaaaagcttataagctagcaaactaccttactaaaccgccactaactaactacaatataagccagcaagcatttaattttttatacgatggctttaaagggcaacgggttattgtttatgctggttgctgtaaaaagaaagaaggttga
>gene_41839|Mobilization protein
atggcatttagttacagttttcatatatctgcaaagagccatgccgtgacaaatgtcggcaaggttgagcaagttggcaagcacaatttaagagcgtatgaaggtaaaggttacgacagaaatttgattgaaacagttgtcggaacagataaccttttggcagacatggagcgagtctaccacgaagaatttgaccaagctttagagaagtacaacgaaggtaaaagagctgaccgaaaaatagatgattatatgactcatgtatctgattcgagaagtgatgttggagtcgaaataattattcaagtcggtgatgaggacttttggaaagataaatccatggcagaaagaaagctcatgagcagaatttttgaagagcagatagaagctctggataagcattgtcctagtttcaaggtggcaaatgcgactattcactatgacgaaaagagtcctcacatgcatttagtcggtgttcctgtggcagaaggctataaaaagggcatggagcgtcaatgtgccaagacaaaggtatttactacagagtctctttccatgctccaagacgtgatgcgagctgaagtagagcaaagcatgaagcgttttccttcactattcgcagatatggagctaaaagccaaggaaaaaggcagaaacaaggacattccaaagcattctctaactgaattctatgagcttgaagcaaaaaaagagatgctgcagagtaggacagaagagcttgatactgaaatctcaaagaaatctaggcaagtgaatagcctagcacacgctcacgatagccttacagacccacaaaggacagaaccggtatcttttatgacctcagaaggtgagaagtcttatatgccccttcctgagcttaagagacagtctgaagctatgagcatacagttaaaagaaaatgagagacgtgctcagaagatactagcagatgcaaatgaccgatttgatagcatgatggactcaataactgagtatgaagctagtgagaagcagaaaattgatgcagaattagagccattaaaagccgaaataagctccctagaggaaaaaagggataatactagggttgaagctcaaaaagccgaaaataggctttctagtgtccaagaaataagcaaatatatggcagatgatactcgaaaaggtatcaaggttaagagccaagaaataaaagacggtatgttttcatcacatacagctgttgttgtagaaggtcttgaagctgagcaagtccgtgatattttccgtgctagtgccatgaaaaatggtgcagtgagtgaagctcaaagcattgttcagcaaggcaaagctgacgctgatcagatgcgtgagcaagctcaattggaaattcagcaagctcaaaacatactctctcagcaacaacagattatccaacaagccaatgagcaagctgaacagataaaagaaaaagctagaaagtcttacaatagccttattgagtcggctaaagctcaagctaatgagatagtcgcaagtgcaaaagagactctggctaacctaaaagccgaaataagctctctttttcaccaaagggatagtttacaggtcgaagtcgatagcacgctagaaaaggctaaaatacaagctgaagagatagttttaaaggctcatgagaagcttggaacagatgcactttacgaagaaatcaatgacagacttggtattgttcctctgaaggaagtagcagatgcacgtgaaaagctatttaaagccgtagatagccttggagacttggtaactgataaagaactagccatgattgaaaatggagacgtacaaggcgtatataaagccttagaagagaaggtaggtagctttagtgatatgcgtccttggtcagtaagagaagctcttgataaatatatcaagctggagcagagtcctcacaccaaagaagaagctcttgaggaaatccaacactctatgaataggtcaatcagtaaaggcattcacatatag
>gene_43|Putative replicase
atgaaagcaagaatttttaacattatgcagtatgtaaatcatcctgatacgggagaacctcttttaagtgaagagcagattattagtgctttatcaagaaaaggtattatcaaatatgcttatgttcttcacaataaagactattacagtgcgaaagatgaagaagtagacccaaaccacacaactgataagaaaaagccctctcattggcatatcgtaattcagtgcagttatgctattgaaatcggagttattgccaaatggcttggtatagcagaaaactttgttgatataccaaaaggaaacggagcaaataagtttcttgattgcgtggaatatctcactcacgaaagtgcaaaacagcaggaattaggaaagcacagatatgatgatagcgaagtaaaatcaaatttcgattggcgagaaagacttgataatagaaatttgaaccgtgctaaatatggtaaagatttagatgctacggaacagatgctttatgatgttatgtataatggtataactcttcgagagtgcgaaattattgacccttttatctatatggataatcttgataaattaaaaaaatttagacttgaatatatccatagacagacaccgcctacaagtagaataaattattatatttatggtaaaggtggagtaggtaaagaccttatgagcagagcattggcaagggctttgtttcctcaacttaaaaatgatgatgatatattctttgttgttggtgcaggtcaagtaacttttgacggatatgacggacagcccgttcttatttggagtgatagccgtagtcttggacttgtaaagaaattgggcggaagagagaatttctttaatgtatttgatacacaccctacaaagcagagacaaaatattaaatttggttctgtaaatctttgtaatgttgtaaatatcgtaaacgggcaggaagattatatcgagtttttggacaacattgtaaaagaaaaaaatgaagatggagaatgggtagttaaagaagataaggggcagagttatagaagatttccttttattattcctcttcacgatgaagcttttgatttaatgcttaataaaggatttttcgataataacagagaattgtttactgaatactatgaatataattctattcgtaaagttaatatgcagagagttatgattgcttgtggtggagaagaaaaagcaaaatctgtttcttctgcagtagtacagcctattgttgataaacataatgaagttctttctaaaatggaaatcgagcctaatgaagaagaaattgcaaggattttagaagaagcgaaaaaacctttacctactcctacgattattaagacaaacaaaactgataatgaaaatccttttgtatctactactccggaagtgaaaaaagaagaagaggaagaagatacaagttcaagtgatttcggttgggacgttttttaa
>gene_55719|Replication protein RepB
gtgaaacaagaaacgtatattgatttacggaacaaaaccgtagttaaggccaacgaactgatacaaaagagccgttttaacctctctttacagcaacagaagattgttttatatcttatcagccagataacaccaaatgacgaagaatttagattgtatgagtttagcattaccgacttttgccgagtatgcggaatagacccatacaacggacagaattatttggacttaaaacaggcaatcaaagatatagcagataaaagtctttggattagcattgatgaagatgaagaaaccctattgagatggattgaaaaaccatacatcaataagaaaagcggaacaataaagataaggcttgataatgatatgaagccctatttattacaattaaagcggaattttactagatacgaattgatttggactttacatttcaaatcaaaatactccgtccggctttatgagttaattagttctatccattatcacgaattacagccctatgagcgtagttttagcctagacgaattaagaagattactcaacgcagagaattatactacctatcaaacctttaagaccagagttttaatacctgcgacaacagaaataaataactattccaataaaaacgtttcctacgaccttattcgcaagggtaaagccgtggtaggaattaaatttacggtatcatcgaaagatactatggaaatggttaaattacgcagtgatattgagaaagaaatgggaatgaaccaaatgacactttgggaagaattggaacaagatggtatcgtgcgttatttgtaa
>gene_2574|Putative replicative protein
atgcgtgtccagtatgagaagaacggatcacaacttccacaaatcggagctacgtctatttccagacaaggaaatataacggagattgttgagtatctgaaaaagcctatgcctccgaagattacgaagctctccaatgatttatacatggatgaatacggagaagtccatgagtttcagcattccgaaaataggtcacagaatcttgcaggagtccgtaagacgattaaagagttgcgcgctatcattaacgcgaattgtactgatcctgagaactgcattttctggactctcacatatcgggaaaacatgcaggatcacaaaaggctttgctctgatttcgacgcatacaagaagagacttcaacgatactttgcctcaaaaggtatagttaaccctgagtacatctcagtatctgaaccacagaatcgtggtgcttggcatttgcatattctcttcatatggcctcagaaaaggccgcgaattgaattttccgatgtaattcccctctggcctcatggtagtactcgcgttgaatacgtccgtaattgtgacaacatgggagcttatttcagcgcctatcttgcggatctccctcttgaagatttccaaagcgttcagaataaagaaaaaagtcaaatgacttgctgcgagatcgtagaaaaagaaattcctgatccagcagatcaggaaaagactatcaagaagaaattcatcaaaggtgcgcgtctgttctggtatcctccaggaatgaatttgtatcgcacatcacgcggtattgtcaggcctgaaaaagaatggactgctgca
>gene_17212|Replication protein
atgaaacaggcagaaaaaaaatcgcctgtgaagcttgcgactatcacagacgattcagaattatctactgtcaatgataattctaccatgaaaagcgttgaaatgtcaatcaataatgacacatctgagacacaaatatttcgaagtgacggcacttataagaaatgcatgggcgatgatgtgaaaggtcgacattggtgctttatcgtctacgaagaaagtgctccgaaagattggatagcacaactcgaagatacaggtcttccgttcgcaataagtgaggaacacaataaagacaaaaatcccgatggaagccctaaaaagccacattatcacggcattttaagttatgccaacacaactacatacgctaatgttagtcagcttatacggacaataacaaacggtccgtatccacagaaatgtcagagcgttagtggttcttacgcttattttacacacaaacataatccggaaaagtatcaatacgatggttccggcatccaacgttttaacggatgggaaaaagcgttagaagcaacagaagttgggcatatcatgaacgaactcacagcgtttatcttcaacgaagatatacaggaatacagtgagttcatgattgaaacaatggctatggatggcgattacatgagagtagcgatgaaccatacagtatatttcaacgcattaattcgcagttacaggcacaatccaagacgttctctaatgagatattacaacaaccttgatgaaggcgaacttaaagagcaaatcagagaacggctcaatattgaaagtgaggtagaatga
>gene_20692|Putative replication initiator protein, RepB
atgagaaaaaagaaagactcaatcagaaaagcagattatagagaaaatataaaggtcgtaacagataaccgctttattactgcctatggattacaagggattagtttaaaggctagaaagcttttatatattgctatagctcaatgtaaagtaaccgataaggaattctttgagtttagtattacccctttagaatttgctgatattatgggaataagcccaactcatatttatgaagaagctgataatataactgacgaacttatgaaagggtttattaagattataccggaagatgaaaagaagtttaggaaatactcattgtttagtatgtgtgagtatacagaagattatgagattaagtttaaactcaatccggatatgacaagcttcttcctggaacttaaaaagaacttctcgcagcctttattattagactttatgaaaatgagaagtccttattctatggcaatatggcatttaattcaaagagaaatgaaaagcaataagcccaaaacaacagaagaaatagagttctatgtatctttagaggaactaagacaggtaaccggaacagagaacaagcttaaacaattagtaaactttaaagaaagagtattagataaagctattaatgagataaaagaaactgcatgggttgatattacatatacaaacgtaaagtccggaagaactgttattggctttaattttgttgcaagaaatatattacacttcgatttatccgactttgacccggagttcgtaaagggagtacaagaaagagccagggcaataaacggcaattaa
>gene_6056|Replication protein
atgctagaacatctccgaaagaccccgtccgaagcgaccatcaagactgccgctagccttgccagctgtggtaattacctgcatttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacggctgcatagcgcgacgttctgcaagcagcacctggtctgtccgttgtgcggcattcgccgcggtgccaaggctcttggggcttacttgacccgctggcaggtgatccaggaggaacgcccggatctgcggccctatctcctgaccctaacagtcaaaaacgggccggatcttgaagagcgtcaatcgcacctcgcgaagtcgctacgtcgcttgatggatcgtcgtcgctacttcaatgccggtactcgtggcgctccctggacagagctttgcaaagccgagggggccgtctacaccctcgagctgaccaacaagggcaatggctggcacccgcattgtcacatgatcattctggccacatcacagccctcccaaaccgacctcagcaccgagtggcacaagatcaccggtgacagcatggtcgtggattgcaggcccatcctgggcgatcccgttgagggtttcatggaggtgttcaagtacgccgtgaaattctccgatctgaccttggctgacaactggcacgcggcgcagatcctcaagggcaagcgcctgctgaacagcttcggcttgttccgtggcgttgatattcccgactcgctgctcgatgagccgctcgacgggctcccgtacctggataggttctatcgctacctgggcgattcataccagccagcgagcatcagggagtga
>gene_34060|Replication protein
atgctagaacatctccgaaagaccccgtccgaagcgaccatcaagactgccgctagccttgccagctgtggtaattacctgcatttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacggctgcatagcgcgacgttctgcaagcagcacctggtctgtccgttgtgcggcattcgccgcggtgccaaggctcttggggcttacttgacccgctggcaggtgatccaggaggaacgcccggatctgcggccctatctcctgaccctaacagtcaaaaacgggccggatcttgaagagcgtcaatcgcacctcgcgaagtcgctacgtcgcttgatggatcgtcgtcgctacttcaatgccggtactcgtggcgctccctggacagagctttgcaaagccgagggggccgtctacaccctcgagctgaccaacaagggcaatggctggcacccgcattgtcacatgatcattctggccacatcacagccctcccaaaccgacctcagcaccgagtggcacaagatcaccggtgacagcatggtcgtggattgcaggcccatcctgggcgatcccgttgagggtttcatggaggtgttcaagtacgccgtgaaattctccgatctgaccttggctgacaactggcacgcggcgcagatcctcaagggcaagcgcctgctgaacagcttcggcttgttccgtggcgttgagattcccgactcgctgctcgatgagccgctcgacgggcttccgtacctggataggttctatcgctacctgggcgattcataccagccggcgagcatcagggagtga
>gene_37834|Replication protein
atgctagaacatctccgaaagaccccgtccgaagcgaccatcaagactgccgctagccttgccagctgtggtaattacctgcatttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacggctgcatagcgcgacgttctgcaagcagcacctggtctgtccgttgtgcggcattcgccgcggtgccaaggctcttggggcttacttgacccgctggcaggtgatccaggaggaacgcccggatctgcggccctatctcctgaccctaacagtcaaaaacgggccggatcttgaagagcgtcaatcgcacctcgcgaagtcgctacgtcgcttgatggatcgtcgtcgctacttcaatgccggtactcgtggcgctccctggacagagctttgcaaagccgagggggccgtctacaccctcgagctgaccaacaagggcaatggctggcacccgcattgtcacatgatcattctggccacatcacagccctcccaaaccgacctcagcaccgagtggcacaagatcaccggtgacagcatggtcgtggattgcaggcccatcctgggcgatcccgttgagggtttcatggaggtgttcaagtacgccgtgaaattctccgatctgaccttggctgacaactggcacgcggcgcagatcctcaagggcaagcgcctgctgaacagcttcggcttgttccgtggcgttgagattcccgactcgctgctcgatgagccgctcgacgggcttccgtacctggataggttctatcgctacctgggcgattcataccagccggcgagcatcagggagtga
>gene_20460|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atgagtgagaatttaaggcatcagctccgaagccaggtctttttggcgcaccaggagggagcgtccaaaagggcagcgggcgaggagcgagcagagaaaatctactcctatgggagtagaaatcaactcctggatagggtgaacgatttttgccagtcactccccaaagaaatcagaagccccgaccagttgaccgtgacacatgtcacggactatctggacaagaaagcagcgacttgcactcaggcaacagtagacgagtacagagcagagctcaaaaagcttggcaatattataggggtagacctacgatgcgagagagtctacaccgaccgcactaggtcactcaatagggggtcgggctctgtaatctctaaagaagattgggggcgtatactcgattacacaagagagcatccatccagttcaggagcctgtctgcaattggaggcactaataggggtcagagtatctgatatggcctatggaatcagaatagaggcagataggctctgtattcggtcaaaaaacggtaggatggcctaccgttcaattactccagaaattaggggagttctcaactccccggagtttaggaaattaatacatggggatagagttattgctcccaaagacaatagtatcaacaaatacctatccagattgcaggaccgtctaggaatggaaaaacattcatttcatgatatcagacgcagaatcgctcaggataggtatgatgagtttagacatatgggaatgggtaggtcagaggcactctctgcggtatcttcctggctgaatcatggc
>gene_30829|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggctatttatcattttagcggcaaggttatcggacggaactctgccccctctgcctcgtgtgtggctgcggctgcttatcgttctgcggagcatatcggtgacaatgactacacacgcaagtctggtgtggtctggtctgatatgctttactgtgacggttgccccgatgagcttaaatctcgtgaagctttatggactgctgttgacgagattgaaaagaggaaggacgcacagttataccgtagctttgattttgcttttcctaacgagtttacatacgaggattgcaaagaggttattactgactttgcaacggaacagtggacgaagctcggaatgtgtgctgacttatgcatacacgacacacagcacgatggtgtgaggaatttacacggtcacgctatgttgactatgcgagacattgacgagaatggtctcggaaaaaagaataggtcttggaatgaacacgagttaatggagcagtggcgtgaagcttgggctgataagttaaacgagagattgaaggtgatcggcgagcagtcgagagttgagcataagtcttttgagcgtatcggtgagactgacttgactccaaccgttcacgaaggtaaggctgttactgctttagagcgtaaaggtgttaagactgctgttggagattataacagacaagttcgtgagcgtaacaatatcattaagcgttctgttgaatggcttatgaagaaagctggccttaaacgtatggacgttaaaggacagtcaagagagagaacgagagagaggacacgctga
>gene_15021|Conjugal transfer protein TraA (Fragment)
atggaggttgtttatatggctatttatcattttagcggcaaggttatcggtcgcaagtctgcccctggtgcatcttgtacggctgcggctgcttatcggtctgcggagcatattggtgacaatgactatacacgcaagtctggtgttgtctggtctgatatgctttactgtgacggttgccctgatgagcttaaatctcgtgaagctctttggagtgctgttgacgagatagagaagcggaaggacgcacagctatacaggagctttgactttgcctttccaaatgagtttacataccaggattgtcaagaagtgataacggactttgcttctgaacaatgggttagtcttggaatgtgtgctgacttatgcatacacgatacacagcacgatggagtgaggaacttacacggacacgctatgttgactttgcgtgacattgacgagaatggtttcggaaaaaagaacaggacttggaatgaacacgagttgatggagcaatggagagaagcctgggcgaataaagtcaacgataggctgaaggtgatcggcgaacagtcgagggttgaacacaagtcttttgaacgcttaggtgaatctgacttgacaccgacagtgcacgaaggcaaggctgttacggctttggagcgtaaaggtatacgcactgctgttggtgattataacagagaggttagagagcgtaacaacataataaagcggtctgttgaatggctgatgaagaaggctggacttaaacgtatgaacgttgaaggacagacgagagagaggacgagagagaagacacgctga
>gene_16980|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggctatttatcattttagcggcaaggttatcggacggaactctgccccctctgcctcgtgtgtggctgcggctgcttatcgttctgcggagcatatcggtgacaatgactacacacgcaagtctggtgtggtctggtctgatatgctttactgtgacggttgccccgatgagcttaaatctcgtgaagctttatggattgctgttgacgagattgaaaagaggaaggacgcacagttataccgtagctttgattttgcttttcctaacgagtttacatacgaggattgcaaagaggttattactgactttgcaacggaacagtggacgaagctcggaatgtgtgctgacttatgcatacacgacacacagcacgatggtgtgaggaatttacacggtcacgctatgttgactatgcgagacattgacgagaatggtctcggaaaaaagaataggtcttggaatgaacacgagttaatggagcagtggcgtgaagcttgggctgataagttaaacgagagattgaaggtgatcggcgagcagtcgagagttgagcataagtcttttgagcgtatcggtgagactgacttgactccaaccgttcacgaaggtaaggctgttactgctttagagcgtaaaggtgttaagactgctgttggagattataacagacaagttcgtgagcgtaacaatatcattaagcgttctgttgaatggcttatgaagaaagctggccttaaacgtatggacgttaaaggacagtcaagagagagaacgagagagaggacacgctga
>gene_5934|Replication protein VP4
atggcttgccggatcaatcgcaccagtcaatgggctgagcgtctcatgatggagcttccctactgggataaggcttgctttattacgttgacttatgatgaggaacatattccagtagatagatcacttcatgttgaggagatgcagaatttcttcaagcgtgtccggaagaataccggagccgatatcaagtattattactgtggtgagtatggtgatcagcttttacgctgccattatcatgccattgttttcggtcttgattttgcgccctggatatatgtacgtactcaagccggaaagaagatctttacttctgatttgcttgcaaagtgttggcagtatcgtggtgaggttacggttgatgaggtcactccggattcctgtgcgtatgttgccggatatgttcagaagaaactttacggtgaggctgcctctttctatgaggattgtggtcttgtccctccttttgcccatcaatctaatggtatctctttggattatgctttggaccataaagagcagcttaaaagcaatatgtttgtttggtataaaggtaggaagtctcccctcccccactatgtggctgataaggttggtctcctggataaggatgaaaacggtgtttcccctatgttgattcatgcccgtgaggttattgaggaacgtaaggagaaatttcgaacaaaacttatgctgcgttttgatgtcggtaaaggtgttaatggatggattccggcatataaccagtatgtaagagaagctggcttgcagcgtgatattgaattgcaagcaaaggaaaacaaatga
>gene_45888|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
aacgattcgtccttcaacttcatcgtcggtatgctttacacacagctattccaacagctctattacagtgcagacattgttcacggcggacggcttcccgttcatgtccattttgtgatggatgagtttgcaaacgtcgctctgccggatgaatttgacaagctgctttccacaatgcgctcaagagaaatctccgtttcaatcatcgttcagaacttggcacagctcaagaaactgtttgaaaaggaatgggagagtatcgtcggcaactgcgacgaatttctctatctcggcggcaacgaacagtcaacacacgaatacgtttccaaactgctcggcaaggaaacgattgatatgaacacctacggtcaatcaagaggtcgaaacgggagttattcgaccaactggcagatcacgggcagagagctgatgacgccggatgaggtgcgtatgcttgataacaagtacgcacttcttttcattcgaggggaacgaccgattatggatttgaaatacgatattctgaagcatccgaatgtggcaatgacaaccgacggaaaagcggaatcgtatgaacacagccgtcccaaccgaagtgtggcatctattcagtttgatcctgagctgctgaaactcaaagcacctaccacaaaatatgcagatgaggattcggacttcgccatcctcaccgaagaagaaatcgaagaattattaaaagatatgcaaagccgaacatcatgcaggcaaacagcagctatgtcattctcgatccgaagggagagattctgcgtgatacaggaaatcttctga
>gene_20969|RepB protein
atgagaaagaagaaaagctctattagaaaagctgattatagggataatgttaaggtcgttacggataatcgatttattaccgcatacggcttacaaggcatatcattaaaggctagaaagcttctctatatagctatcgcacaatgcaaaataacagataaggaattctatgaattctcaataacccctttagagtttgctgatttaatgggtatatcgcctactcatatatacgaagaagctgacaaaataacagatgagcttatgaaggggtttataaaagttgtgccggagaacgaaaagaagtttaagaaatattctctgtttagtacctgcgaatatacgcaagactatgaaataaagtttaagcttaatccggatatgacagacttttttctggagcttaaaaagaacttctcacagcctttattattagattttatgaaaatgcgttccccttattccatagcgatatggcatttaatacaaagggaaatggaaagtaagaagccaaaaacaaccgaagaattcaaattctatgtatcattagatgagttaagacaggtaaccggaacagaagataaactaaaacagctagttaatttcaaagaaagagtattagataaagctcttctggagataaaagaaacctgttgggtagatattacatatacgaatgttaaacagggcagaacggttataggctttaattttacagccagaaatatattccactttgatatagagagctttgacccagagtttcttaaaaggatacaggaacgagcagaagcgataaataacgtttaa
>gene_34697|Putative mobilization protein
atgggtcatgtggcacattacaaggcgggtgcggttgggcagttggtggctcacattgagcggacacgggagaacccggcacaatacggaaatgagaaaataaatccggaaaaaactttcatgaattttgttccggaacaacacgagggtttcccggtgttccggttttgggaacaggtagcggaaaaaaacggacagcagagaaagacctcggataacgccctgaccggtgtaatcttcactcttccgcaacggtacttgaacaagcccaaggaatggcaagacgagtttttccggaatacctatgactttttgaaaaataagtttggggttgagaaagacggacactcaaacatttactgtgcgagtgtccactatgacgagaccacacctcatttgcattttgcttttgtcccggttgtctcccgtgattttgaacggcactacaaagaccggcacggtgaaatccggacagcaacggtcaaagccgggtctatttcttctcggtatgtggtcacaaagtccgtcctgtcctcacttcaccaagaccttgataaataccttacccggacacaaagaggttataacggcggaattttgcttgatgaggaagaaaaaattgaccggcacttgatgatgccggctcgggaactgaaacagatgccggaagactatctgaaagaagcccgcaagatttcaaaaggtttgagggtgaaacatctgataaatgatcttgaaaccgaaaaaaaggaaatagaccgggtaagactggaaaccaaagccacacaggaaattgtcaccgaacagacaaacattcttgaaaaacaaatacaacaggccaatgaccgggaaagacaggcaaaaaaccggctttttgaactgcaagacaagatagaccgggaaaaagaagaccttgaaaatgaaaagcagacctttcaaatcagactgggacaactgcaactggaacagaaagacctcaacaatcagagaattgaactccggaaaagtcaggcacttcatcaacaggaactcgcagaactccgggaatatcaggaaaagaaaccggcttttgatagggctgttgctgaatggaacgcaaatagacccaaaagagacgctatcagagaacaggtgagggaaatgaaagcctttattgatgaaagaccggaactcctggccgagattaaacaaacccggaaagaaatggaagaactgaaagaacaatcaaagcctttgactgatactgaaaaactgaatgtgtatcggttcatcagaagattatcaccggagagcatagagaacattcaaactgaactggaaaaaagaactcctgagggaaattccttttatcaggtttattcttccggaaaacagataaacgaaactatcagacaacaacaggaacgggaacggttaagggaactacaaagacaaaaacaacaagaacatgtgatgacccggtga
>gene_15176|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
atgaagtcttttgcccgatgcaccaagctgccatccatcggtggacgtgctgcatatatgtctgaccccggcaaacaagaagaaatcgtactggaatctgagccagtcgattggaaaccctatgccgactatgaagctacccagcacaagaccaacgcacggcagaatgaaggtcgtgagatgatggttgcgctgtccaacgactggtacaagctgccaaaggacgaattgcggaaccgtgtcgatacaatagccaaggccgtggtcggtgaaaatcgtgattaccaatgggcagtccattggaataaggacaggacgaacctccatgtccatatcattttcagtgaacggcagagggtgaaagagccgcagcggtgggacagggacatctatctgaccgccgatggtaaagtcgcccggcgcaaagctgaccgggcaaccaaccgggacggcagcttcaaagaccccatccaccgcaagggcgaactgaaaagcgaccccttcaccgccaaggatgccaatttcaagagcaaggaatggctgcatgagaagaaatacgagttgcggcagctcatggtgaccgagtggggtgtgaaatttgagcggcagccacatatcccggagttccaccggggcaacggctccgacgcaccggagatcgccaagaagaacatcgtgattcgggagaacaaccgccgcctggactttctggaaagccagggagtgaacatctccggtctggtcaaggagctgaaagccgcccggaacgatgccaggacaaatcccgatcagaaagatcggacagctctgctctggcaaaactcccagggcgaatataaggtgacggtttttaataatccagaccgggcgattttccagatcgagaatactgctgggcggtttgtggagcagaaacctgcggaggttcgtcctgatccgcagccagaaacagacgcaccggaagtgccggctatttcggatccgaaacaggagcagtcggaaatcccggtttctggggaacggaccgaggtcagcgataaaaacgaaagtcatggggagccacaggctcccgtggagcggaagggttttatcgaacgcatccgagacaccatttcttcttttatcgctcagttcaccgacagagccgcccagaaggccgcagaagaacaggccaagaagactgcggaggaacaggccagaaagaccgcagaagctcagacagcggctcaggccgcagctgctacagtaacgcagcaacttaataaaatccccgaaaaagagccggagaaggagcataagcggtctctggacgatcagatcgcggtagcaagagaatcggacaaaaccatgtacatggaggattggactgtccagatcgcagcggaaaagaagaaactgccgtcgttgggaactggaactcctgagaaaactaagaccaagagcagcggccgtgacaccagataa
>gene_28718|Rep protein
gtgaagatagatgtattgcaagatacagctatcggtcaagaagatttggtatgtgttaaaaaaatgaatcatatttatgaactttgttatttagaacatcgcaactcaatttgtcctattcaaaaattagataaagatagttatgtagttcttaatactggcgaagtaaaagattgtaatcatattgaaaataggtctgaaaataaattgcaagtatctcaatctttaaaaagattaagagattatattaatactaatgttatagatgttaataattgcaaatggattacattgacttatgctgaaaatatgactgattctaaaagattatatactgattttaaaaactttgtaaaaaggtttaaatataagtatggtcattttgaatacattgttgcatgtgaaccgcaaggtcgtggagcatggcattgtcattgtattattatttttgataaaaaagcaccatatattcctaataaagaaattgaatctttatggggtcatggctttacaaaaactaataaattagatgatatcgataatattggagcatacttaactgcatatcttggcgatatggatcttgctagttgtaaagacaatcatatttcttttaatgaagaagatataaaagtaattactgaaattggtagtatgaaatttaaaacacctaagaaatttgtcaaaggtggtcgtttatcaatgtatcctccaggatttaatatttatcgtattagtcgtggtataaaaaaaccagtaaaagagtattattcctatcatgttataaaagaaaaagcaggtcta
>gene_36048|chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
gtgttatattccccgtcgtcgttccggaaggatatcattctgcgccgctgcaccgattacatcaaggacgcgatgcgcgacgaattccagatggaagtcgagctggaggtcatcgacgacaccgagatcgacgcctaccgcgaaaatcagaaaaagcccgattttgtggaattcaatccgcagtttacatttgacaaatttgtcgttggctcctccaaccgcttcgcgcacgcggcagccatcgccgtggccaacgcaccggcggaaacctataacccgctgttcatctacgggccgtctggactcggcaagacgcatctgctctacgccatcgccagcgaggtccataaaaagcacccgagctataacatcgtctacatcaagggcgaccagtttacgaacgagctgatcgccgcggtgcaggagggccggaacatcgaattccgcagcaagtaccgcggagcagatctgttcctcgtcgacgatattcagttcatcgccggcaaggattcaacgcaggaggaattcttccatacgttcaacacgctctacgaatcgcaccggcagatcgtcctgacggccgaccggccgccgcatgaaatgctccgccttgaagaccggctgaaaacacgcttcgagtggggcctgattgcggacatccagccgccggattacgaaacccgtatggcaatcatcaaaaataaggccatgagcctgggtctcgaattcccggacgacgtctgcgaatacatcgcagagaacatcacgacgaacgtgcggcagattgaaggaacagtcaaaaag
>gene_32718|Putative replication initiation protein
atgttggaattgcagtatcatacttccagttattttcttacattaacttacgataatgaacatttgcctactgctgaagttgttaatgatgaaactggtgagattaattataatgctactttagtaaaaaaacattttcaggattttatgaaacggcttcgctctgcatatgagtatgccggatttgagaataaattgcgattttttggctgtggtgagtatggttctgaatctatgcgtccgcattttcatattatagtttttggcttgcaattgccgcctggagatttgcatttttacaagaagaatattcaaggtgatttgctgtataattcagatttgatttctaagtgttggaaatatggtttttccgttgttggtgaggttacatggcagtcttgcgcatatgttgcacgctacataatgaaaaaacatctcggcaaggattccgatttctatgatatttatggcattgaacccgaatttacgcttatgtcgcgtcgtcccggtattgcccgtgattactatgaggataataaagaacagcttttttctgacgattttgtgtcaattcctaccaatcaaggtagccttaaggtttatccgcctgcctattttgagaagttgtttgagttagattttcctgaacaagatgtttgtgagcgtaaggagaaaagaaaacaggctaaaattgattctgtcgatttagagttatcaaaaactgatttaaattatcttgattatttagcagttaaggagtataatatagataagaaaataaagacccttgtgcgaggtgattgttaa
>gene_45972|RepB
atgacagaaatagataccagagaaagcataaaagttgttactgataacagattcattgttgctaatggattagaaaagctgaaactgaaagaaagaaaattgctgtatctggcaatatcacaagttaaaagaacagataaagaattttttgaatacagtataagtccaaaagaatttgctaagctgatggatattaaaccttctaacgtttaccaagaagcagaacagatatgtaaagcacttcgtcctattggtattacttgtgatatatctacagggaataagaaacgtgtaagggaatacagcttgtttagttatattcagtatggggaagattcagatattacttttaagcttaaccaagatatgacagatttcttattggatttaaaaaagaacttcacacagccattgttacaagactttctgaaaatgaatagcacttattctatggctatctggcacctattccaaagggagatgcacagcagaaaaccaaaccatgatgcagacagcaacatagtatttgatttatcactggaagaattaagacaagttactggagcaaccgacaagcttacaacgatcggtaactttaaaaacagaatattagataaagctttacaggaaataaaagataattgttctgttattgttacatacgaaaatataaaagtaggtagaactgttataggattcagatttacagccaaacaagaaatacagtatgataaatcacagtttgacccagaatttgtagcaagagtcgaagcaaaagcaaaagaattgcataaggggaatgtatga
>gene_9276|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgtcttacggaattatcaagatgaaaaaaatatctggttctcttacagggatactttcgcacattctacgcgaacacgaatccagaacaaatcccgatatagattcatctaaatcagcgaacaattattcgttaatggatgatgaaaagaaaacaatctcggagctgaacaaacggatttatgacaggattaaatctcttcctggcaaagaagggaagaaacggaaagtctcgaagaatgcggttaagttggcagatttcttcgtgggtttatctccggaggttttccaggatcaggacgttaaatcagaggacatagaaaattattttcgggacgctttgtattttttagagtccgagtatggcagagaaaatatagtgtacgctgaaattcatttagacgaggcggttccgcatctgcacgtgggagttgttccggaatcagaaaatcggctttgcgcgaaggaattgtttaccagaaaatctctaaaggatttgcaagagaaattttacaagtatgtgtcatcgtattatgggcttgagaagccgataggcggtcgtagagggctggatgtgaaagagtttaagggattgactgggcaagtacaaaaataccttaaaaacgctgtttttgagcgaattaaagaggatatacagaccggcaataaaaaacaggtagaggttgcggaggcagctctacgctatttacgtgatagagttcccgaggattggcaaaaagactggttttggatggatgaattcgccaaagatgccgaaaaaaacaagcttggagaagaccgatactga
>gene_14218|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcgaggttttggacaggcgtcctctaccccgaaaacatgagggaggattggaaggacatcataggcgatactttgcagtatccctatgcgtactgccaacactcccaagacaaggacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccaccacctacaagcacgccttgaacgtcatggatctgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctcattcacgataccgaggactgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagctgtatgctccgtccgagcgtatcacaggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcatacgagcagttaggcacagccgagaagaatgagatgttcttggagatgggcgaagcaatcagagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatc
>gene_53463|Replication-associated protein G2P
gtgggtggaggaaacccgaagcccgtcaagcgctcggtcatcaagggctggtcgcccggggcggtgcgccgccacacagcatggctctacggcgtcgacgcgccccgtctcgatggcgaggggttcgcgctcacgctcaccatccgagatctcccggcatccgccgaggagttccatgctgcgcgtctcgcgtggcaaaagcgcgctgagcgcatgggcgcgatccgaattcactgggtcatcgagtggcagcggcgcggggtgccgcacctgcacaccgccgtctacttccgtgaggggcaagcccccgcacaaccagcagcgcgcctggcaatcgcatggctcgaggtcgccgcccgatggggagcctcgctccaagcgcaggacggcaaagcgatcgatgggccgctcgggtggctccagtacctctcgaagcacgcggcacgcggggtgaggcactaccagcgcaacggcaagcccgagggctgggagaaaaccggtcgcctctgggggcacggcggcgattggcccaccgatgcgcccatgcgcttcgacatgagccgcgaggcctactggcgataccgccggctcgtgcgcgcctggcgggttgctgatgctcgcgcctccggcaagcccgcgaggattgcagcagcgcggcgcatgctcgcatgcccgcaaccgcggctctcggccgtgcgtggcgtctcggactgggtgcctgaagacgtggccctcgaactcgtgggcctgctcgtcagcgaggggcacgcagtcacccagcgggatgaatcggtgaccgattcctag
>gene_55195|Replication initiation protein (Fragment)
atgccaaaaggtagagtttttaatattatgcaatatgtggtacacccggaaagtggagaaccactactgaatgaagatgcgataaaagtggcattgtctcatagtacaataaaggaatgggcatatatcttgcacgataaggatgtgtatagtgcagcagatgaagaagataacccacttcacgtacaaggagagaaaaagccaccacattggcacattgttctgaattgcaaaaataatgctgtggaagttggaacaatagcgaagtggttcggtatagcagaaaatttcgtggatataccaaaaggaatgggagcagggaagtttttagactgcgttgagtatctgacacacgaaagtgcaaggcaaagagaactaggaaaatacagatacgatgatagcgaagtaaaggcgagtagtggctttgagtggagacgaagactagatagacgaaacgaaaacaagttgaaatacggcagagatatgtcggaagaagagcaaattctgtatgatgttatgtataacggaatgaccttgagagaagtggaaaagaaagacccattctgctatatgaacaatgtggacaaacttctcaaatatcgtttggattatatccgaagaatgaaaccaccaaaaagccgaataaattattatatttatggcaaagggggtattggtaaagacctgatgtctcgctcaatagcaagggcattgtttccggatgtggaagaagatgaagatatattctttgtggttggtgcgggtaatgtaacttttgaaggatatgacggacagcctgtaataatttggtctgacagaagaagtttgcagcttgtaaaaacattaggtggaaaagaaaacttttttaatgtatttgatacacatccaacgaaacaacgtcagaacataaagggttcttcgataagtctttgtaatgtggtaaatatcgtaaatgggcaagaaaaatatgatgagttcctggataacattgtacgaataaaaaacgaagatggcgaatgggttataggtgaagataaagggcaatcttatagacgatttccttttatcattcctttacacgatgagtatttcgatttaatggtgaataaggggtattttagtggtgatagaaaactatttgccgaatatgaagaatataatcgttttcgtggaaatatcgcaaaaatcacccaaaaatgtgggggtgaaaacaatactcaaagaagtataacaagtcagatattaacaccagttgcagaaaagcacaaagaagccgtggagaaagaaagtgccgaagtgaatgaagaagaagtttgggcttggataaaggaacgggggtatggcgaagtaattggcaacaatggttttcacgatgtagagaactatgtggatgttccttttgaagaagtgaaggaagagccatttatggaattggatgagaatgtgaagttggaatttgaataa
>gene_30112|Initiator RepB protein
acagcataccttcctcagtgtatgatagtaaacgaggtgaggaaaatgagcagcaagcaagacgaaatggtcatcagtcagcagaactattttgtagtgaagagcaacgacattattcagaagagccgtttctcgatgagcttgcagcagcaaaaaataattctgttcctgataagcaaaatcaaaccacaggaagaaacaaggcacccgtacaccgtaagcgtgagagacttctgcaaggtatgcaatattgaccacgacaacggacaaaattatatcaacgtcaaagcagccgttaaagaagtggcagataaaagcatatgggtaactctaccgaacggaaaggagcggctcctgcgttggcttgacttcgttgaactggataagaacaacggaacaatcaacgtccgtttcagtgaggacatgatgcctttcctcatcgacctgaaagaaaaatacacacagtaccggctcgacaacattctgcccatgaaatcgaaatacggcatcagactcttcgagctgctgaagtcttatgcgaatatggacaatctgctgctaatttcaattgccgacctgaagaagagaatggactgcgaacactataccaggttcccggacttcaggaggtacgcactcgaaaaagccgttgaagatataaacacctataccgatattgcagtcaggtaccgactgaaaaaagagcacagccggggctatactcatatcgaatttatcatcttccacgcaaccggcacagacagaatagaccggatggcgagacgaatgaacgcgctcggagtataa
>gene_44591|conjugal transfer protein TraG
ctaaacggggccgcgcacaaaggcattctgcagcttattagtctttgtcaaatagaagagaactcatcagagacgaagactccgctagaccgattaatggacgagctgggtgaaaaaaatgaagatagttatgcatttaattcatataacaaatttagggtagctgcaagtaagactttaaaatcaattttgatttcagttaattctagattgggtctttttgatacaccagaattaaatgaaatgacggcctatgacgatatcgatattgcgtctattggaaagaagaaaacagccctgtttgttgttgtaagtgatacggatcgttcgctggatggattagtaaatatatttttcacacaggccatgaatgaactatgtagagtggcggataaggagtgtgaggatagctgtttgccagtgcctgtaagattcattcttgatgattttgctacgaattgtaaaattgatgaatttccaaggatgatagcgtctattcgttctacaggaatctctaccatgctaatgattcaggctgaatctcagctgacagaaagctatggacatgatggtaagacaattattggaaactgtgatacatatgtatatctaggcggcaatgatgttgagacagcaaaggcggttgcagagcgatgcgacgtgccagtcaaaaaggtgctgaatatgcctgttgaaaccaattggattttccgaagaggtcaaaatccagtaaatgctcataattttgatttggatgatttactacttcaaaaagggattgttcaaaggggaagtgaggcaagataa
>gene_53691|MobA
atgcgaattaaaaaactacactctaattcaaatgtaggtggagcaatttctcatcatttacggacaagggaaacggacaacgcagaccccgaactgatgaaaaataattggtttttcccgaacgattacccaacagaccaaaacggaaaaacagataaatctgttaatgctgatttacaattcagaaaagaccaacaacaaaaagcaatggcaatgtataaaaaacgattgcccgaaaaagtgagaaagaacggtgttagagctgttgaatttatgatgacagtttctcccgaagtaatgcaaagaaaggattttaatgcgaca
>gene_1855|Recombinase XerD
atttctcctcttttacaatttattggttcaaatttaagtttatctgatttgacattagatgatttgcgtaaatatgctttatatttaaagcgtagggatatttcaagcaattcatttaaaacttatctcaaaggcattaaagcgtttttaaattggctttatcttgaagaatatacacaagtaaatttttctgataagctgcagcttcctaaagcacaacgaaaaaccattgatactcttaccccgtatgaaattacagctcttttaagcttgttcgataaaaaaacttatcaaggtttaagaaattattgtatttgtgctttgatgcttgatagtggtttgcgtaaaagtgaaattgtttctttaaagctctctgatgttcatatttttgaaggatatattttgattaatggcaaagggaaaaagcaacgtatagttccaattggcaataacagtaaaaagcatttgataaaatatatatcacaaagacctccttctgtctcttatgattgtctttttcttactcgttcttttactccaataaccgatactgttatttcaagactctttaaaactatacagaaccaaaaagtacataaagacctcttgtcatctcgaatacatcctcacttgttgcgacatacttttgcaaccgcataccttgagaatggtggtaatatctatacattgcaacagatattaggtcatacaactctcgacatggtaaaaaaatatgtacatattactcaatcaaaaacagtagtcaattttaaaaactattctcctcttgataatctgaatacataa
>gene_33517|replication protein RepB
atgactagaaaaaagtcagataaggaaaagaaaaatgatgctattgaacagaatgctaaagacaatgcaatggcaacaagtaaaagagaagttaaaacgttagttgctactgctattttatacgacgattctttaaagcagccccagcttgatgctgatggtactacttggaaggataggatagttggtaaaggcgatcgtggtattactggtatgactggtttttgcagtactccgcatgatcaagatgagcagcgtaaaccttatactataagtgacgaagaagtcgataaatttggctatagttcgcaagttttgttggaaaatcccaatgacgcaagtaaaacagcaagaattaaatttgctggcgcaactgatttctttgtgcatttagccggtgctgtaaaaaatggcaatgagaaaacaaaaagttattcgctagttaggaaaactgcacattttttaagtgagagcaccttggataagttgaatgacacattgtataaagatgatcctctggcatttactgaagcatttgctaaaactgttttagcaaatgcaactaaagaagatcttgaaactttgccacctgatttccttataaatgacgatcaggagtggcattttgatccgaatgggcaatatgcaaaccgcaaactgattcatatcccaccctatgaaatcttacataaccatattttgaagaaaaagcactaccattttacgttaattaaaaaaggtattaagccggtaggtttgagaagttttattgcaaagatccaagcaagtttaggtaaaattgccgttagtgaaagtactatcgaacccttatatacaactattgaacagctatggctttatagtttccatgcctcggctgctgctattgctgaacacaaacatagatatgacccaaaagacaatatcattcttcctggtttcgaactagaagactatatgttttatacacatgaacaacgtttgaggtgcgtaaattttgctcgtaagataattcaaattgtttatgatcttaagaaggcagataggcaaagaccaacgaatgaaaagaatagatatgatgcgatgtggtatatttgtaacttccaagatctccagcactactggggtgaaaatttgatcgaagcagttcaaaatgcttggatacctgcgctaaaagatgagatatttagtgtggcttgtacgtataaagatgagctagctagagctgaaaaactagataagtatgatgatcgggctataagtcgtgtagttcaaaacgaatgtcggttgcgcaagcatgactttgatcgggatttacagtactgcgacgatattttaaaggcgttggaagatggcactttccctgacgatcgtcaactttttgatgcaagtataagctatcgttcagcatttaaagatttctttgaaagtcatagacagttaacatttttgaatttgagatag
>gene_54455|Initiator RepB protein family
atgatgaatagtgatgaaaaaatagacattctgacgaaaagggactatttcgtggtaaagggtaacgaactgatacagcagaaccgctttgaactgtccttaactgagcagaaaaccgttgcctttatctgctccatgataaagcccatagaagccatagacagagcaaaaggggtgccgttccaacttgaatatgagttcaatatccgtgattactgtaaggtgtgtggcatcgactatgacaacggcaagaactacaaggacgtaaaggctactctgcaaaaactgtctgaccgttccatgtggctgacctttccagaaaacccggatgaggaagtcctttgccgttggctgtcaaaagtgagaaccaacaagaaaagcggaatagcatacatcaagttggacgaagatttagtaccgtatctgttcgatttggggcagaagttcacgcagtaccaactttacaatatccttgcaatgaagtcggctttttccgtccgtatctatgaactgatgaagtcctatgcctttcagaaaagcaagacttttgaagtggatgaactgaaacggctgctaatggtggaagatgtgaaatcatatagcaatttcaatctattcaaaacaaaggtgcttgaaatagcacaaagggaaatcaacgagctaaccgacctcaatatctactatgagccgataacaaaaggcagaaaagtggtaaaggtcaaattccggatagagcagaagaaccctatggagcgtatgcttgccggagcaaccgcgaatgaccgtttgggagatctgaaataa
>gene_44690|initiator RepB protein
atgaattctgatgagattattagactcgaaactgcaagggaatataaggtatctaaggctaatcagttgatacaaaagtcacgtttcaatttgtcgcttcaagaacagagagcaattgcttatatatgttctatgataaagcccagaactgctttggataatgctactaagcaaccttttcagcttgaatatgagttcgagattgctgattttatccgtatatgtgggcttgagagtagtggagttcactatgataatatcaaggagactttgaagtctcttagggataagtcgatttggttagaaatggaagatggttcagaagttcttgtggcttggttggctaaggcgagaactaacaagaagtcaggtaaggctaaaattaagttagatgaagaccttgtaccttatctatttaatttacaagagaagtttactagttatgagttgctgaatgtattagctttcacttcgcagtattcgtatagaatttacgagataatgctatcttacgacggtttaagagagaaaactttttcactagatgattttaagcgtcgattgatggtagaagatattaaatcttatgataatttcaaggacttccgtagaaaagtcttagagcctgcaattaaagagattaacgagtatacagatatttctttgtcgtatgatacgattactaaagggcgtaaggtagtaaagcttgttttctatatcaagaaaaaggttagtagtgatatttatgattcacactttgttgtgtatgatagaattggtgaaattcgaaatagaaagcagtag
>gene_42628|initiator RepB protein
atgaattctgatgagattattagactcgaaactgcaagggaatataaggtatctaaggctaatcagttgatacaaaagtcacgtttcaatttgtcgcttcaagaacagagagcaattgcttatatatgttctatgataaagcccagaactgctttggataatgctactaagcaaccttttcagcttgaatatgagttcgagattgctgattttatccgtatatgtgggcttgagagtagtggagttcactatgataatatcaaggagactttgaagtctcttagggataagtcgatttggttagaaatggaagatggttcagaagttcttgtggcttggttggctaaggcgagaactaacaagaagtcaggtaaggctaaaattaagttagatgaagaccttgtaccttatctatttaatttacaagagaagtttactagttatgagttgctgaatgtattagctttcacttcgcagtattcgtatagaatttacgagataatgctatcttacgacggtttaagagagaaaactttttcactagatgattttaagcgtcgattgatggtagaagatattaaatcttatgataatttcaaggacttccgtagaaaagtcttagagcctgcaattaaagagattaacgagtatacagatatttctttgtcgtatgatacgattactaaagggcgtaaggtagtaaagcttgttttctatatcaagaaaaaggttagtagtgatatttatgattcacactttgttgtgtatgatagaattggtgaaattcgaaatagaaagcagtag
>gene_51817|Replication initiation factor
atggctcctgaattcgactggtatacggcgagtattcctaccaaaccacagatcgtaatcgacgagttagcgggggcatacgatctggttgatgtgcttcccagcactccgaaaatgggctacgaacgggcatacaaagtggttcgcggcgacactgttttggctcgcatccagttcggcggcgctagtgtcggcaataacgtctgggcctgcgcctctggcgagcacgcaccggagttcgcggggatcgttcgcgggatttttccgggtcataacctgctccgggcggacgtgaaacttgattacgacgaagagggcgcatgggactcgctgtcatcgctcgctatcgaaactgccgacaagtaccggctcaaggtcaaacatcatggcgattttcaccgggaaattgacgggcgaacgcttgaaatcgggtcgcgctcgtccgctgcgttcgaacggatctacgaaaaggggaaacagctgggcgagtcgcctaattgggtccgcgcagagctggaactaaagccgcaaaacccaaaagccaaactcctctacggctatgccagtcccgaacagatgtacatggccaccaagtggacgcagcacctgtacgaagtgctcaatggtccgtcagcggctatgcgtcctgcaccgcccggaacggtccgcaagaagtccgacgatgacagggcgctggaattcatggggaaacagtacggcaacgtcctacggcgcaaattagaggctctggggggcgatctggaagcattcggggcatacattgcctgtctcgtgtccgattag
>gene_55906|Rep
gtggccaactgttcgcaagccctcggaatcaaatactgcgcgaaatgcggcgtcgcacacgtcgatgtgtcgtggtgctgccgtcatcgcctgtgcagcgtttgcgctctccgtcgctctcgtaaaacgggccgtcaagcccttgatgctttcggctggctcaaagacgccgggaagctggacgggactcgtctggcgcttctgacacttacgcagcgcaacgtatcggcgggtgatctcggcccgacgcttgacgccctacttgcggccttgaccgccctcagacacgtccgcgaagtacgaaggtctctgctcggctcggcccgcaacgtcgaaatcacttacaacgcccgcgcacggacgtatcacccgcacgttcacatgattctgattctttctgcagaggcccctgaggaaatgggacagatgcgctattggcgcgatctgtggcggcgtctgatgcacctcgactatgacccgatttgcgatatacgcccgatcaacgacgaagaaggcgcagtctgtgaggtttccaagtacgttatcaagccctcgtcaattttcggtctccgattggagtctgaccatcttgatcaggttgttacggccctcaatcaagtattagcgggaaggcgccttgtctcttacacggggatatggcgtcaagcgcgggcggcgctcaaacagcaagaccccgatgtcgatctggagcatgataacactgaaaacgtgtgcggctgcggcgcacaactcatggatgctgttctacgatgggatggtttggagtacaacgacgcgccgtag
>gene_56823|Replication protein
atgcgacacaacgcggggcagtcgctccaagaactctgggacgctctcgcttacgcctggcgcagagcaacgacgggcaagcagtggaacaaggacaaggaccggtatggggtcgcgggatggtgtcgcgtggtcgaggtcacgctcacctggaacaacggctggcacgtgcacgtgcacgcgctcgtgatgctcgaagagggacggggcacatcggacctcgaagcgctgcacggtcgaatgttcggcaggtggtcgcgggcgctccaacgtcggggcctcgatgctcccttgatggttggccaagatgcccgcctggtcgatggtgcagcagatgaacggctgtccgagtacttgaccaagagccgggacgatgccacctacggaatcggcctcgaactcgtgcactcacagtccaagacggcgcgcacggagtactcgtcaatgactccgtgggaactgctctcgctgatcgatgatgccgacgacgaagaggacttctttcgggcgctggctgcctggcatgagtgggaggaaggctctcacggtcggcggcaaatgggttgggctaaagggacgcgcgagatgctgggcctgacggctgaaaagacagatgaagagatcgcggaagaggtcgccgggtccgctgatgacacggtgctgttcatcacgcgtaacggctgggcaacgctcacgaggaacccggcgaaggtcgggctgatgctggacacgctcgaattactaggaccaaaagcattgcgggactttctggaccgcgaagaaatcgagttcgaggagacatga
>gene_55841|Replication protein
atgctcttcggtaaagaggaggttgcttttatgcctgtcattgagatccctacaagtacaacgcccatcggaatgcagcagagcatgtttgtggtaaaaagcaatgagctagttcaaagatcacactttaatctgtccacgcaagaaagcaagatgctcttataccttatctctaagattaaaccccacgatacaggacacgagctctatgaaatttctatcggtgatttttgcaaaacctgcaatatatatgtcagcagcggcgaaaattacgatcatgctaaaagtgctttgaaagcgttggccgataagagcgtatggatacaacaggaaaacggagacgagattctgcttagatggctaaatagagtgcgcttgaatcgaaggacaaagcaatttgaaatctcctttaacgaagatatgctcccctatctattccagctacgacagcgatatgtacagtacaggttagaaaacgttctatgcatgaagagcaaacacagcattcgcctctatgaaatattgaagtcctatcaacatcattcaaagaaaatctccctagatcatgaagagcttcgtacgctactggcgattaagggatataagcagctatgtgattttaggcattatgtagtagataaagcaatccaagagataaataccatcagtgacattgctgtaagctacgaactgaaaaaaatctctaaaggcgctaaattgtttatctttacagtaaccgctccaactgaagaagaggcagcagagcggcagagacgcagaaataggacgcttataccaaactaa
>gene_26339|Replication protein
atgctcttcggtaaagaggaggttgcttttatgcctgtcattgagatccctacaagtacaacgcccatcggaatgcagcagagcatgtttgtggtaaaaagcaatgagctagttcaaagatcacactttaatctgtccacgcaagaaagcaagatgctcttataccttatctctaagattaaaccccacgatacaggacacgagctctatgaaatttctatcggtgatttttgcaaaacctgcaatatatatgtcagcagcggcgaaaattacgatcatgctaaaagtgctttgaaagcgttggccgataagagcgtatggatacaacaggaaaacggagacgagattctgcttagatggctaaatagagtgcgcttgaatcgaaggacaaagcaatttgaaatctcctttaacgaagatatgctcccctatctattccagctacgacagcgatatgtacagtacaggttagaaaacgttctatgcatgaagagcaaacacagcattcgcctctatgaaatattgaagtcctatcaacatcattcaaagaaaatctccctagatcatgaagagcttcgtacgctactggcgattaagggatataagcagctatgtgattttaggcattatgtagtagataaagcaatccaagagataaataccatcagtgacattgctgtaagctacgaactgaaaaaaatctctaaaggcgctaaattgtttatctttacagtaaccgctccaactgaagaagaggcagcagagcggcagagacgcagaaataggacgcttataccaaactaa
>gene_17327|Plasmid replication protein
atgaaagcaagaatttttaacattatgcaatacgaaaaacacccagacacaaatgaaccattattaaacgaagaaactattaaattggcattagcacataaaacaattaaaagatatgcatatgtagcacatacagaagatgtatatagtgaaaaggattttattaatgatagttcaaaagttgaaggacataaaaagcctaagcattggcatattgtaattgaaatgggttctaatccgtgcgaaattgacacaatagccaagtggtttggtattccgtcaaactatgtagaaatagcaaaaggacacggggcatttttagactgtgtggaatatctaacacacgaaaacccaaaccaacaagcattaggaaagcatttatacaaagatgaagaagtaaaggctaattttaacttccgtgatgaattaagcaaaagacaagaacgaaaattaaaatatggcaaggatttgaatgataaggatactatgcttttgcaagtgctacaagaaggaaaaacactcttacaatgtcaagaagaaaatgctttattatatgctgaaaacattgacaaattaaagaagttaagacttcattttattgctaactctaacccaccaaaaacaagaataaattattatataagtggtcgtggtggtgttggtaaaggtctagcaagtagggcattagcaaggtcattatttccacatataacaaatgatgatgaattattttttattgtaggtgctgaaaatgcaacatttgaaggctatgacggacagcctgtcattatttgggacgattgccgtgcttttgaaatgttgaagattttaaaaggtcgtggaaatgttttcaatgtattagacactcacccagtaaagaaaaagcagaatgtcaaattcggttctattaacctaataaatcaagtaaatataataaattccgtgcaatcttataaagaatttcttaacggactagcaggggaatatatgacaactagtggggaaaaaagaaccaaagaagataaaggacaagcatatagaagaattccattcatcatgaatttacacgaagaagattttgaccttttaatcaataaaggctttttagaaaatacaaaagactttgaagaattcattgaatataaaaacatagttggaaattttcaaaaagtccgtgttgcatta
>gene_30183|Plasmid replication protein
atgaaagcaagaatttttaacattatgcaatacgaaaaacacccagacacaaatgaaccattattaaacgaagaaactattaaattggcattagcacataaaacaattaaaagatatgcatatgtagcacatacagaagatgtatatagtgaaaaggattttattaatgatagttcaaaagttgaaggacataaaaagcctaagcattggcatattgtaattgaaatgggttctaatccgtgcgaaattgacacaatagccaagtggtttggtattccgtcaaactatgtagaaatagcaaaaggacacggggcatttttagactgtgtggaatatctaacacacgaaaacccaaaccaacaagcattaggaaagcatttatacaaagatgaagaagtaaaggctaattttaacttccgtgatgaattaagcaaaagacaagaacgaaaattaaaatatggcaaggatttgaatgataaggatactatgcttttgcaagtgctacaagaaggaaaaacactcttacaatgtcaagaagaaaatgctttattatatgctgaaaacattgacaaattaaagaagttaagacttcattttattgctaactctaacccaccaaaaacaagaataaattattatataagtggtcgtggtggtgttggtaaaggtctagcaagtagggcattagcaaggtcattatttccacatataacaaatgatgatgaattattttttattgtaggtgctgaaaatgcaacatttgaaggctatgacggacagcctgtcattatttgggacgattgccgtgcttttgaaatgttgaagattttaaaaggtcgtggaaatgttttcaatgtattagacactcacccagtaaagaaaaagcagaatgtcaaattcggttctattaacctaataaatcaagtaaatataataaattccgtgcaatcttataaagaatttcttaacggactagcaggggaatatatgacaactagtggggaaaaaagaaccaaagaagataaaggacaagcatatagaagaattccattcatcatgaatttacacgaagaagattttgaccttttaatcaataaaggctttttagaaaatacaaaagactttgaagaattcattgaatataaaaacatagttggaaattttcaaaaagtccgtgttgcattagaatttaacgaacagaaagcaatagaaatagaaaagcaacttttgcaattacctaaaaagaaatttgacgaaataatggcaaatcaaagaaaaactgaagatgaagaagaattattaaaacaatttgaaaactatggcaaaacaaaaactgatattgaatgcgaacagttaaaattagatttagaatccgaaccaagatatgccgactatttggaagaatgcgaacccgacagaatgaaaaggtatcgtgaatgggaagcaaggcaaaagaacaattaa
>gene_39846|Replication protein VP4
atgatcccggtggatcagactcccagtttttccgccatagtagacagagagaccggtgaagctcttgttcccttccaggttggttgcggtcgttgtctggaatgtatcgccctcaagcgcgagcagtggacagcgcgtatccaggatgaagcgaagctgtacgatcataattgctttgttacgttaacgtatgacccggagttttgcgacgatgatctacatccggatcacttctccggatggttgaaacgtttgcgccgccgtatcgaaccgtcacggattcgctatttcggttgtggcgagtatggcacgcaagggaaacgcccgcattatcattgcattatctttggttatgacttccccgaccgtgttccctggtcaaagtcccggcgcggcaataagcagttccgttcttcgcttctggaggagacctggacttttggttattcttcggttgtagatctcggaacccatgtatgcggctacgcttgcaaggactttcagaaacttttgccactcgccgaaggacgcacgcagccgttctgccgtatgagcttgaagcccggcattggtgccgatggttggaatcgaaagttgaccgatggcaagctctggcatgatggtaaatccgtctttcttccccggtattacaagaagatcgccgagcgtgaaggtcttgacatgcgtcacatccaggaattgtctattcttcgcgcccaggttcggaaagctcccgatccggagcagtacgaggaacgtttccggcgccttacgaaaaagattgccggaatacttgacaattag
>gene_55465|Replication protein repB
atgagacgtataaaaaaagagctcgctgttgacgcaacgaactcaaccttgcctgataaatcagagctatttgactactctgatgatagcacagagacctctaaaagtcaagagtttcaggcaaattccgcagattatgtgcaggttgtcaaggacgaggagaaaggacgtcactggacgttcatcgtgtacaaggattctgctcctgcggattggattgaccagctaataaatacgggattagcgtttgctatatcaccgtatcatgacaaggacatcaatccgaacggaagtccaaaaaaagcgcattggcatttgattgtaagctatagcaacaccactacatatcgcagtatcaagggtttgcgagaaatcacaaagggtcctttccctctggttgttaagagcgtttcgggaatgtatgcgtacttcacgcataagcacaacccagagaaatatccatacgattcgtcggaaatcagacgatttaacggttgggagaaagtgctcgaagcaagtgacgtaaatcacatcatgagggaattaacgagaatgatacttgtcgaggacatacaggaatacgctgaacttatagtcgagtgtatgtttcgtgacggtgattatggtcaagtagcgatgtcacatacacattatttcgacagactatgtgcaagctaccgacacgcaccagaaagaattttaaaacgattttacaatgtcctcgaaagtgacgaggaaagggaaatcgtagcgaacagaatttatggcttgagaaaaaacggaggtaaaaagcatgagagctag
>gene_29110|Replication protein repB
atgagacgtataaaaaaagagctcgctgttgacgcaacgaactcaaccttgcctgataaatcagagctatttgactactctgatgatagcacagagacctctaaaagtcaagagtttcaggcaaattccgcagattatgtgcaggttgtcaaggacgaggagaaaggacgtcactggacgttcatcgtgtacaaggattctgctcctgcggattggattgaccagctaataaatacgggattagcgtttgctatatcaccgtatcatgacaaggacatcaatccgaacggaagtccaaaaaaagcgcattggcatttgattgtaagctatagcaacaccactacatatcgcagtatcaagggtttgcgagaaatcacaaagggtcctttccctctggttgttaagagcgtttcgggaatgtatgcgtacttcacgcataagcacaacccagagaaatatccatacgattcgtcggaaatcagacgatttaacggttgggagaaagtgctcgaagcaagtgacgtaaatcacatcatgagggaattaacgagaatgatacttgtcgaggacatacaggaatacgctgaacttatagtcgagtgtatgtttcgtgacggtgattatggtcaagtagcgatgtcacatacacattatttcgacagactatgtgcaagctaccgacacgcaccagaaagaattttaaaacgattttacaatgtcctcgaaagtgacgaggaaagggaaatcgtagcgaacagaatttatggcttgagaaaaaacggaggtaaaaagcatgagagctag
>gene_57740|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgccaaaaatcgataaagctcgcttctggacgggtgttctgtatccagagaatatgagagcagactggaaagacgtaataggagatacgctgcagtatccctatgcctactgcgaacacagtgcggatctggatacgaagtcagagcaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggccttcccgaacacgacgacgtacaagcacgccttgaacgtcatggatcttctctctgcagaggggaagaaggccatcaatacgtgtcaggcagtcatcggcatccggaacgtctatgactacctgatccatgacaccgatgactgcaggaagaagggcaaggagctctacccgaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgatattggcgcctatgagcagataagtgctgcagagaaaaatgagatttttctggagctgagcgaggcgatcagggatcatggcttcaccaactacatggatttctatgccttcgtggtcgatacatacgatgacatcaatttcgttgagatcttccgaacctacagcagccacttcgagcgcctgaccaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggagcagcgtggacttacgccacgtccgtcacaggcccaagtccacgaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaggaagtccctgtttattgccctgattgtgggtcgattgatgtcgtaaaacgtggaaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttggggttgtaaagattgcggaaagcgattcgtctga
>gene_9130|RepA
atgaacgaagtagttaaatacaacaatcagatgaatgagttgtcattcagaggattcacagagaaagaccttgatgtgttcatggcaatctgttccagaatgagagatcttggagaggtaaaacaagtttttgactatgactatctcatggacttaactaattttgaccgcagccaaaacacgaaagtctttcatcagagcttgcagaagatgaacagaaaactcatgcagataaatctaacgatagctctacgtgacggagtggagaaggacacagttctgtttccagagtttgtgagagaccttaacaagcgtactcttactgtgagagttgataaggattgtctcgccctgctgaacaatcttggaaagaatttcacaaggtttgagcttgcggagtatgtgaaacttgacggcagatattcaaaacttttgtatcagcaccttaagcaattccgtacacaaggttggtggcagatttcgttggaagagcttcgagaagagttagctattccgaagtcaattccgaacatgcacatcatgaccaaaatcataaagccaagtatcgaaatcataaaatcatgcaagggttttaaagaccttgatgttgaagttttgagaagtccaagaagaggacgtgcggtagttggatatgagtttacctggacaaaacaaatcaatctaaatcaagctcaaagagacgcacaacaaagagccaagaaaaagaaaaattccttcaacaatttcgagcagaacacttacgattttgcagagttggagaagaagcttctcgataattga
>gene_14751|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgcaacctccgaaaacatcggaggctttttttatgtcaaaaattgataaggcgcgcttttggacggctgtcctgtaccaagagaatatgcgtgccgactggcaagatgagataggtgatatacttcaaacgccttatgcttattgttgccacacacaagacaaggacagcaagtcggaacaccgcaaggaccacgttcatattattcttgcgtttccaaacacaacaacgtataaacacgcgatgaacgtgttcagtctgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagccctgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcgtaggcattcgtaatgtttatgattatctcattcacgatacagacgattgccgaaaaaaaggcaaggagttgtatccttctgaagctcgtatcaccggcaacaattttgatattggtgcctacgagcagttaagcgcagcagaaaagaatgagatgtttgttcaaataggcgaagccatcagggattatggtttcacaaactatatggacctttacgagtatgtaattgataactacgaagatatcaattacctcgaagtttttaggacatatagtagccattttgaacgattaaccaggggtaattatcaacgttgggagcaaaatcaacgtggtgttattcgtccgtcacaagcccaacaccacgaaaacaccacgaaaacaccacgagaatgttgtccgctttgtgggtcaataaatattatcaaaagtggtaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggtaagaagtttgtctaa
>gene_49860|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtctaaaatcgataaagcccgtttttggacgggcgttctctatccggagaacatgagagccgattggcaagacgtcatcggcgacactctgcagtacccttacgcgtactgcatacacactcaggacaaggataccaagtctgagcataggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggcttttcctaacacaacgacgtacaagcatgctttgaacgttatggatcttctttctgcagatgggaagaaagctatcaataaatgtcaggctgtcatcggcattcgaaacgtctatgactatctgattcacgacaccgatgactgcaggaagaagggcaaggagctctatccgaaggagagccgaatcaccggtaacaacttcgacatcggagcttacgagcagcttggtacagtagagaagaatgaaatgttcctggagatgggtgaggctatccgggaacacggcttcacaaactacatggacttctatgagtttgttgtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacgttgaggttatgagatcctacagcagccacttcgagaggttgaccaagggcaactatcagaagtggttacagggtgttaatttgcgtccgtcacaagcccaaacacacaaaaacacacaaaaaacacacgaaaacaccactgaaaacacacctgaaaacacacaaatttgttgtcctgagtgtggttcaatcgcagtcataaaaaacggaaaaacccttgcaaataagccacgttttcgttgtaaggactgcggaaaatcttttatcgataagtaa
>gene_48117|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtctaaaatcgataaagcccgtttttggacgggcgttctctatccggagaacatgagagccgattggcaagacgtcatcggcgacactctgcagtacccttacgcgtactgcatacacactcaggacaaggataccaagtctgagcataggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggcttttcctaacacaacgacgtacaagcatgctttgaacgttatggatcttctttctgcagatgggaagaaagctatcaataaatgtcaggctgtcatcggcattcgaaacgtctatgactatctgattcacgacaccgatgactgcaggaagaagggcaaggagctctatccgaaggagagccgaatcaccggtaacaacttcgacatcggagcttacgagcagcttggtacagtagagaagaatgaaatgttcctggagatgggtgaggctatccgggaacacggcttcacaaactacatggacttctatgagtttgttgtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacgttgaggttatgagatcctacagcagccacttcgagaggttgaccaagggcaactatcagaagtggttacagggtgttaatttgcgtccgtcacaagcccaaacacacaaaaacacacaaaaaacacacgaaaacaccactgaaaacacacctgaaaacacacaaatttgttgtcctgagtgtggttcaatcgcagtcataaaaaacggaaaaacccttgcaaataagccacgttttcgttgtaaggactgcggaaaatcttttatcgataagtaa
>gene_5688|Replication initiation protein
atgccgataagtgaagatagatatttggtaattcgtgataaatcggttatcaaagcaaatcagttaattcaaaagagcaggtttagtctatcacttttacagcagaaagttgttttatatctaatcgcacagattaacccatttgacaaggattttatacaatgcgagtttgatataaaagagttttgccgagtatgcggaatagatgatttgagcggcaagaattacgcagatttgaagcaggcaataaaagagatagcagataaaagtttgtggattaccctgccagatggcagagaaacccttataagatggattgagaaaccatacattgaccggaataatggggttataaggataaagttagatgaggatatgaaaccttatttactccaattaaaagataattttacacggtatgagttgatttatacgctccattttaagagcaaatacacgataagaatgtatgagttagtcaagagtattcattatcacgacttaaaaacatattcaagagtatttgaattaggtgaattaagaaagttattagacgcagaaaactatactacttatcagggatttaaggtaaaagttttagaaagagcaattaaagagattaatcaatacagtgataaagagattacatacacgcccataaagcagggaaaaagcgtggtatcaattagattagatattagtagtaaagatagtatagaagcattaaagataagagaagaaattgaccgagaaatgaagtttgacccagaccaatatacactttggggagaattggggtaa
>gene_14682|Replication protein
atgaacagtgatgaaaagttagaaatactgaccaaaagagaatatcttgttgtgaagggcaatgagcttatccaacagaaccgctttgagctttctctgacagaacaaaagacagttgcttttatctgctccatgataaagcctgttgatgtggttgataaagccaaaggagtgccttttcagcttgaatatgagtttgatattcgtgattactgcaaagtttgtggcatcgattacaatgccggaaaaaattatgcggatgtgaaagccacgctgaaaaagctttctgaccgttccatgtgggttacttttgaagaaaagccggatgaagaagtgctttgcaggtggctttccaaagtgcgaaccaataaaaagagtggcatagctcatatcaagttggatgaagacctaattccgtatcttttcgacttagggcagaagtttacacagtatcagctgtacaacattcttgccatgaagtcagccttttccgtgcgtatctatgagctgatgaagtcctatgcctttcagaaaaacaagacttttgatttggatgagctgaaacgtctgctcatggtggaagatgtgaagtcttatgaccgctttcccgacttcaggagaaaagtccttgaagtggcacagcgtgaaatcaatgagctgaccgacataaacatttactttgagccggtaaccaaaggcagaaaagtagttaaagtgaagttccggatagaacagaaagacccaatggagcgttggcttgccggttccacagccaatgaccgcttaggggaattagaatag
>gene_50592|Replication protein
gtgggtggaaatgtcaagatactgagagtagcaacctccgagaagtcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacaggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggagacgggcataggcgacatcgttcagtacccatacgcctactgcaagcactcccaagacaaggacacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcacgttcacgtcatccttgcgttcccaaacacaaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtgttcggtctgctgtcagctgagggcaagaaggctctgaacaagtgcgaagctgtcatcggcatccgcaacgtgtatgactacctcatccacgacacggagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaggaactgtaccctgccgaagcccgtgtcacgggtaacaacttcgacattggtgcatacgagcagttgggcgtagccgagaagaacgacatgacccgtgaactctgcaacgctatcaaggagcatgggttcacgaacttcatggacttcttcgagtacgtagataccacctacgaggacagcaactacttcgagattttgaagacctacagcggtcttttcgagaggttgacccgtgccaactaccaaaagtgggagcaggggcgtttggttgataaatcaaccagaaatcaaccgccaatgtgctgtcccgactgtggctctgtagaggtcagaaagaacggaaaaaccttgcaaaatcaacaaaaatggcaatgtaaggactgcggaaagtcgttcgtgtga
>gene_43669|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgaaaaacagtcatcagcgggtgccgcgaggcgaggtccaaggctggtcccacggggccacgcgacggaatacccagttcctgatgagcgtcatcgagacccagctatctggggccggcgtcgcattaaccctcacccttagagactgtccggcttccgcccaggactggcacaagatccggcgtgcatggattaaacgcatggagcgggccggtatggtccggctgcactgggtcacggagtggcagcgccgtggagtgccacatctgcacgtcgctatctggttctccgacgcctaccggatcagcgacgccatcgacgcatgggttgccgttgcctcgatctacggagcagggcagggcggccagcatggccgctgcatcgagggggccgtgggttggttccagtacctgtcgaagcacgctgctcgcggggtt
>gene_43668|replication protein PDa0002, partial
cactaccagcgcagcgccgacaacatgcccgaaggctggaagcgcaagacgggccgcgtctggggaaaagtcggtcactggccggtgcaggaagccgtgaagttcaaccttcaggaccagcacggggacgggggttggttcgcttatcgcaggctgattcgcagctggcggcgtgctgacgctcgcgcctcgggggatcggtggcggatcagatcggcacgcgggatgcttcggtgtagcgatcaggctcggtcgaggatcatcggcttcatggagtggatgcccttcgaggtcaacatggctttgatcggcaacgttgccgcccggggctatgcggtgcagctagtcgaggatcgttga
>gene_54688|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgaatagtgatgaaaagataaatgtactgacaaagagggaatatcttgttgtgaaaggcaatgaacttatccaacataaccgttttgaattatctttaacggaacagaaaacagttgcttttatttgttcattgataaagccgatagatgccgtagatagggcaaagggagtgccttttcagttggaatatgactttaatatccgtgattactgtaaggtctgcggaatcgactacaatgcgggcaagaactatgcagatgtaaaagccaccctgaaacacttgtctgaccgttctatgtgggttacttttgacgagaatcccgatgaagaggtgctttgccgttgg
>gene_56254|Putative replication protien
ttgtctaactcttttagtagtctcgaggcttatcttcaaaaagaacagattctttcttcttatcctgaagtgtcttgtcttgacttctatcgtgatttgttccctcttggtagctttgaaaagcagggcgaacctgttcccggtgttgctaatggtgttatttttcatcctgcttctgctgcttcgcctttttctcatcatgatcttatctttgatgacttgtctgctatctcagaacacctttctcaaggttgttttatgattgctccctgcagtttctttggtaaagctcgtactttgaaaaattctcatttatgttatgctcttgcggttgatattgatgatgttggcgaaaagcaacttttggatctgattcatcaatgccaacataaagttcttcctatgcctacctacatagtaaattcaggtggcggtgtccatttgtactatttctttgaaaatccgattcctatgtacccacaacatcagcaattcctcaagcaattgaaaattgttttgacggaacgtgtttggaatgcttacacctctttgatcagcacagataacagacaatatcaggggattgttcaggcttttcgtgccgttggttctgtctgcaagtttgatgaaaaattcagggttaaagcataccgtgtcggtagaaaagtttatgttgatgaacttacagagattctttcttctactgtaaccgttccttcaggtaagcatttagcaaagagcgctcgccgttgtcttgacttgtttgaggatcctgattacattgacagacttttatcttctttgtcgaaaagcgaacttgctcgtactcttaaagaagcgaaagagctttggcctgattggtacgagagaagagttgttcaaaatttgcctcctgaaaattggagaaaaggttcttcagcaggtctctataaatggtggttaaaacgaattcgtaaagaaattattgtcggacatcggtataatgctattctgacccttgggatttttagtcaaaaatgtcaggttccttttgaacagtttgaggctgatgcgtggactttgttcccttatttcgcatctttgtctgcagataaaccgttttatgattatgaggttgagacggctctgaaagctatcaaagaacggaattttgtgagatatacgaaaaaggaaattgaaaggcttacggctcttaacatgacatcatcagcaaaacggaatggtcgaaaacaagactttcatcttgctttggctcgtagtcagagggagaaacttattgaattgggtcaagttggtgccgtaggtgggagacctacaaaagaaaaagatattagagaatatcttgaaaaacatccaaacgaaaaaaatcggtcaaaggttgctgcagaacttggaatgaatagagatactgttgctaaatggatgaaaataattgaaaatgagggtgtttcaaatggctaa
>gene_36801|Rep protein
atatacgaaaacggcgtatataaaggcacgcaaacaaaactgcgtgagcgaataggacggaagaacgcggcgcacacttcggaagaaacgaaaaaagagaaccgcaagaaaacggcataccgcgcaaaaaggtacgttagactaatggcgaacgcaaaccccgatttagatagatttttcacttgtacatttgcagataaccccgaaatgatgacggacttagcaaaagcgcatagagaatttcaaaaattcataaagcgcgtacaaacgtacataaacagggaaaggaaaaagaaagggctaccgccgaaaaaaatcaagtatatagcggtaacggaatttcaagaacgcggcgcaatacattttcatttgctttgcaacttcgattatatttactttaaagaattgggcaaactttggcgaaacggaacgatatatataaaacgcatagatgacgtagacaacgtaggcgcatacataacgaaatatatgacgaaagagaatatagacgaacgtttaaaaggcaaaaaatgctatacaatgtcgaaaggcttaaaaactccgactgtatacacgaacgaaaagaaaattcaaaagattatggaaagcatacccgaaaaagatataatcagaacgataacgaaagaatacgaaagcgaatactacggaaaaataacgtacattcaaattgtattaaaaagcgcgccgaagatatcgcaccgcaagcgcggcttgctcgatttcacgaataggcggcttgtacgattaagcgacgatttaccgacgccgttcgacgaataa
>gene_2315|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atgccggtgcttgcggatggtatccggcgactaagcactctgtatgatcgctggtataggcgttcagaacgtgccggtgatttgataggggcgcttcgctcgttggaaataacgtacaatctgcgcaccgggctgtggcatccacatcttcacgtgttggtcgtgggatccccggccgggtgggacgtacaacgccgccagcagcggtacaacggcgccagccacacgaacgcggaggtagcactgggcgagtggctggcggatacggatccagaacagccgacacaaaaggacggtaaaaggtacccgcactatgaggtgttaatccgacctgttgaagatcgtgccggagcagtgcgagagatcgcaaagtatccgatgaagccgacattgatatcgcggatgccatcaccggctatcagagaactgctgaaggcaacctatcatgcacgcatggtacaaggccgtggctgtatgtaccatttgagcgaaggggcatatgtgcctacgccggaggataaaaaaaaggtggccgcactgctcgaagcgcaaaccaccgaaaagccaagccgcgccgcccaagacgctgaggcctacacttctatataccacgactggaaccgcatcaacctttcccacagccggaaggtagcgtgtataatagcgctggcggaagatgcgcgagaagccgacaccaaagcacttctgaaacaaatactgggtgtcctccttgctcaagcgggaacgcaagcggaactgttgcggatcgtcaaagcggcgaacaaaattgattccctataa
>gene_6098|replication initiation protein
atgaaaaaagggaaaatggagaccgcttttgatgggttgttagctagacaagattacctcgtcgttcaggcgaatgacttggctaaggcttttggtaacttgcaagcatttgagcataaattgttggattattgctttagctacgttaagaaagatagcgttgcgactgatactttcacgttagacattaaagatattttgaaacattttggattaaatgcttcaggaaggaattatgaacgtgtgttaactggatttacaggtcttgctacaaagacattgcgtttgcctattattgaaaatggagtcgaaacgataatccttgctccagttttttggagaataaaaattcggaagactggagaagtatcgttcttgttttcagaagatgtggcaccttttgtttttgcgttgagaacgcagtattattcgttcaaattagcagagattgcacgtgtaaagtccaagtatgggcttatcctgatgaagctatggcaatcacgtcgatacagagaccaacgtgtaacaacaatcgagggagacttaaacgaatggcaagattggttcttgggttcagagaagcgctgggagcctgctagatttaggcagaaagtccttgaggtaggaggggttgagcttgaagagaagcttggagtggaaatcttcttgaatacggtcaagaatggtcgaaaggttgttggatatgaaatgcaaattatcgataacagacctatgacaacggctgaaatctatgctaaagagatgaaagagtatcaaatgagcatagatgactatctttag
>gene_6705|Origin of replication
atgtgcaactggagacggtcgctgaagattgcgtatcaaaacaagcaggttgtcgagaaagcgaatgagcgggagaacctgcaatggctcttcctgaccctcacggtacgcaacgtggacgctgaggagcttccagaaacgctctcagagctttctaaggggttctacaggctcttcaagtacaaaagggtctcaggagccgtcaggggctattttcgcgccctagaggtcactagaaacgccgacaaggacaatcccgaatggtacggcacgtatcaccctcactttcacgttctgattgcggtacgcccgtcctacttcaagaaggcgtacatcaagcaagcggactgggtggcgttgtggcggaaagcgatgcggctggactacgacccaatcgtccatatccagcgagtgaagccgaaagcggaactggacgagatggtggactacgaagcggacgtgaagaaggcgatcgccgagcaaaaggcgatactcgaagtctcgaagtaccccgtcaaggacagcgaagtaatcaatcccgaactggacgagtcggaaaatgtcgaaacgctcctcacgttggatgacgccttggcattcaaacggctaatcgggtacggcggaatcctgaaagagattcatgccgaactgaacctggacgatgcggaagaggggaacctcgtaaacgtgacggacgaagatgaaatctcaaatgcggtatttgatataatggcgaagtggcatatcggtctcaaccgatacattgtcacgagaacaaagacacaaagagaacccgaatag
>gene_16888|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtatgctatactattggcggaggtgggagaaatggcacaggagattcagacaaagagggatatgctttccgctcaaagtatgtcagttgtgaagggaaatgcactcattcagaaaacgcattattccctttcgctgatggagcagaaagcaattctttttatcatcagcaagataaagcctagtgattcagcagatacagaatacattttcaatatccgggacttttgcaaggcttgcaacttttacggcaagtcaggcttttattatcagtatgtccgggaagtgatggagaatctaggcaatcataaattgactattgaacttgaagaaggaaaaacactaataactcattggttcagcggtgcaatgattgacaggaatgcaggagaagtccgcttgcatattgactcctacatccggccttatctgtttgaactccattctttctacactaattacaagttggagtatattctgccgatgaaaagcaagtatggaatccgcttgtatgaattcctacgcagttataaatcaaaagggtatagattgagattcagccttgaagaaataaggttgcgtatagactgcgacaaataccccaatttcaaagattttagagtgaatgtgctagaacctgcaatggaggatataaacacatacacagatataaaagtgaagtatgaggcaatcaaaacaggccggaaaataactgatattgagtttatcatactaggagaaaatgacgcagatatgcagagatactatgcaaggcgtgaagaattggggtatgcacgatga
>gene_49867|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
atgctcgaggtggttttcttgaaagagaaaaaaagagcagatagaagcacaacagaagaacgcagtatgactgttgtaaaagctaatgttttgatacaaaaaagcagatattctttatcaatgcaggagcagaaaatagtcctttatcttatcagcaaaatcaagcccgaagatacaggtttagaagaatatacctttgacattaaagacttctgtaaagttattgggattgattataataatggcggtaattataactacataaaacagactattttggaactgacaaagaaagttttttggcttcaaaacggagatgaagaagttactgtccgttggcttgaccgaggtaaaacaaataaaggcagcggaattgtaaaattgaaattagatgagtatttgatgccttatctgatacagcttaaaaaccactttacgcaatacaacttgtactatgttttggctatgagaagtcaatacagtgttagactgtatgagcttttaaaaagctatcaaaatctaaagacttggactttttctcttaatgaattaaaacgtttactt
>gene_27927|Replication protein RepB
atgctcgaggtggttttcttgaaagagaaaaaaagagcagatagaagcacaacagaagaacgcagtatgactgttgtaaaagctaatgttttgatacaaaaaagcagatattctttatcaatgcaggagcagaaaatagtcctttatcttatcagcaaaatcaagcccgaagatacaggtttagaagaatatacctttgacattaaagacttctgtaaagttattgggattgattataataatggcggtaattataactacataaaacagactattttggaactgacaaagaaagttttttggcttcaaaacggagatgaagaagttactgtccgttggcttgaccgaggtaaaacaaataaaggcagcggaattgtaaaattgaaattagatgagtatttgatgccttatctgatacagcttaaaaaccactttacgcaatacaacttgtactatgttttggctatgagaagtcaatacagtgttagactgtatgagcttttaaaaagctatcaaaatctaaagacttggactttttctcttaatgaattaaaacgtttacttgacgctgaaagttatgacaggtggtttaattttagaaagagaattttagaacctgccattgaagaaatcgagcaatattccgacctcaacattacatacgagcttataaaaaaaggcagagcatacgaccaaattaaattttttatcgagcagaaaaaggatagcactgagcttatccagaacgtgcaactgttcttcaatgaattttgcccttgggaacgtgagggactttcctaa
>gene_3384|Replication protein
atggcacacgataatataatcgaagcgagaaataaaatggtagttaaagccaatgacttaatacagaaaagccgttttgatttatcactacaacagcaaaaaataatattatatttaataagccaaatacagccaatagataaagagtttaaattatacgagttttcaatagttgatttttgtaaagtatgcggaatagaccctgaaagcggagataaatataaagatattaaaaaagcaataaaagatatagcagataaaagtatatggataaagacagaatatgatgaagaaacattattaagatgggtagaaaagccatatataaataaaaatagtggcacaataaaaattagattagatgaagatatgaagccctatttattacaattaaaaagtaattttacacaatatgagttgatttatacattaagatttagaagtaaatattctattagattatatgagttaattaaatcaattcattataaagatatagtagaatataaaagagcatttagtgtagataaattaaaagagttattaagtggggaaaattatagccaatataaggatttcaaaaaaagagttttaataccgagtataaatgaaattaacgctaatagcgataaagaaatatcaataaacgaattgaaaagaggaaataaagtagaatatatagaactaatagtaaaaagcaaatcaatagacgataggataaaaacaagaataagaattgaagatgagttaggattagaccaatttagcctttatgactatttagatgaaagaaagggataa
>gene_26588|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaattgataaggcgcggttttggacagctgtcctgtaccaagaaaatatgcgtgtcgattgggagagcgagataggtgataagttgcaggtgccttatgcctattgctgccacacccaagacaaggacagcaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgttcacattatccttgcatttccgaacaccactacatacaagcacgctatgaatgtgttcgatcagctttctgcagacggcaagaaagccttgaataagtgcgaggcggtcataggcattagaaatgtttatgactatctcattcacgatacagacgattgccgcaaaaaaggcaaggagctttatccgaaagaagctcgaatcaccggtaacaattttgatatcggtgcatacgagcagctgagtgctgccgagaagaatgagatgtttctgcagatgggcgaagctatcagagaacacaactttacaaactatatggacttctatgagtatgtggttgatacctatgaggatatcaacttcatcgagattatgaggacatatagcagccattttgaacggttaacgagaggtaactaccagaagtgggagcagtcccagcgtggtgttggcaagcgtccgtcacagacccaaacacacaaaaaacacacgaaaaacacacaagaaaacacacgagaaaacacaccaatgtgttgccctgagtgtggctcaatcgcagtcataaaaaacggaaaaacccttgcaaataaagaacgttggcgttgtaaggactgcggaaaatcttttgtcgagaggtag
>gene_31407|Putative replication protein
gtgattaaaatgcatgaaacaaatggcgaattaatggaaagaaacgataaatacaaattgagtaataatatgtttaatgatgctctagttgttgtttcaaatttgattgccagagccactacgaagtggacgttagaagaaacaaaactgtttttatgttctgtgtctcagataaaaacaagagataaagacaactgggtaatgatgtcaaagagagatattatagaaaaactagatataaatccagataatggaacatggttgcgacagacattcaagaaaatgatgcaaaaatcttatattgaactagggaatgatgaagaatgggacgatggttttttaattacaagagttcgctcagacaagaaaaacatctatgtcaagtttgaagaaacatatcttcctcttctggatcaattaagttctcatttcacagaattctacatagattatgtaaaagacttcactcgattatctagctataatctgtatgtttatttgtgttcctggcaagattcaaattatcaagttcagaacaagaaaattgcaaaaaaggatttgccaaaaatattcaatttaaaagaaggcgaatattggagaaattacggtaaagaaaatgctaaattccattttgcagattttgaaaaaaaggttttgaatccagcaattgaagaaatcaataaattgaagtcatgcgatatgcatatcttgtcttgtgataaagtcaaaaatggaaagtttgttttaggctacgacatccattacgcattcgtgggcgaagatggattctacaaataa
>gene_32855|Putative replication protein
gtgattaaaatgcatgaaacaaatggcgaattaatggaaagaaacgataaatacaaattgagtaataatatgtttaatgatgctctagttgttgtttcaaatttgattgccagagccactacgaagtggacgttagaagaaacaaaactgtttttatgttctgtgtctcagataaaaacaagagataaagacaactgggtaatgatgtcaaagagagatattatagaaaaactagatataaatccagataatggaacatggttgcgacagacattcaagaaaatgatgcaaaaatcttatattgaactagggaatgatgaagaatgggacgatggttttttaattacaagagttcgctcagacaagaaaaacatctatgtcaagtttgaagaaacatatcttcctcttctggatcaattaagttctcatttcacagaattctacatagattatgtaaaagacttcactcgattatctagctataatctgtatgtttatttgtgttcctggcaagattcaaattatcaagttcagaacaagaaaattgcaaaaaaggatttgccaaaaatattcaatttaaaagaaggcgaatattggagaaattacggtaaagaaaatgctaaattccattttgcagattttgaaaaaaaggttttgaatccagcaattgaagaaatcaataaattgaagtcatgcgatatgcatatcttgtcttgtgataaagtcaaaaatggaaagtttgttttaggctacgacatccattacgcattcgtgggcgaagatggattctacaaataa
>gene_57362|Mobilization protein BmpH
atgccaaactacgcaatcatgagatttaaaaaattaaaaacaagagcaaattgtacttcggcaataagacatatcgatcgaatatcgaaagcaccttttgaaaatgaaaaagtaaaaaacccacgattcgatatagggcacagacctgaaaaatatatggactttgtaaaaagtcgccttggcgagggggtaaaaatcaaaaaaaacaatgtacttggattagaatttgtccttgcgttctccccaagggcgattccttatgataaagattctttaactgcttgggcacgtgaaaatatgagttggctctgcgaaaactttgggggagcaaagaatgtatatcagctgtcgctccatcttcatgaaaaatcaccacatctccacgccatagtagttccagaatacaacggcaaacttaattgtaggcactatatcaacaacaaagaatcattgagaaaactgcaggattcctacgcagaaaaaatggcacaatttggcctgcagcgaggcgtatcaaaagaaatcacacaaaggtatcataaagatatcgggacttggcaaaaggagcaaatccaagatataaaccaccaacgagaagaactcgaaagagaaaaacttactattcaggagcagaaagaaattcttgatgcagttcatcaacttatggctgaagattttgattttagaatacaagttcatgcaaaagtgggcgaaatggttacgccggaaccggaacttctaccacaaagaaaaaaaccgaagaatttggatctggaagacctcgaaagaagtttataa
>gene_54086|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_16119|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_53255|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_31604|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_31154|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_18191|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_19339|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_48927|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_37929|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_44674|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_2501|Putative replication protein
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgat
>gene_17136|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_51969|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_13346|Replication protein repB
atgttcaatgttcacgaaaacacaaatttgcaccccaaaaagacttgtggtaaaataaaaaaagctggtctgccaaccagcttttcacttcacaaacgaagggcattccgtttgcgaaactttaaatttgcaggcttagtatatcacggagaactccgtaaaatcaagcctctaaagcttcaaaacgcaatgtcctccgaagaactcggaggtttttttatggctaaaactgcaactggaagaagaacaagaaactatgcgactgtggtgtacccagagtcagcacctcaaaactggcaggaaattttgtcggaacagttggttcctgcattcatctcgccactacatgaactcgacaaaaacccaactggcgaacccaagaaaccacatcaccatgtactgcttgttttcgatagcgtgaaaacagttgagcaagctcaagagattttcagccaaatcggtggtgtagggtgcgaagtggtacaaagtttgcgtggctacgcaagatacctttgtcacctggataaccccgaaaaggctcaatatcagcctgaagatgtccgttgcttatgtggtgccgactatatggcaacaatcggactggtgttggacaaatacaaggctgttcgggagatggtgtatttttgcagggacaacgatattttgagttatgctgacctgctcgaatactgttgcgaagaacgtcccgattggtttagggttttgtgcgacaatggcacagtagtcgtgaaagaatacctcaagtcaaaatcttgggacaagcgtatgcgagaatag
>gene_49970|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atgattatggctttatatcattttagcggaacggtggttggacgcaagacgtcacctggtgcgagttgttgtgctggctctgcttacaggtctgccgagaaaataggagagcacgactatacaaaaaagtcgggcgttgtctggtctgatgttttatactgtgacggttgccctgatgagttacggtctcggtctgctttgtggtctgctatggatgcaaaggagaaaaggtcggacgctcaactgtatagaagttttgactttgctttccctaacgagttctcttatagtgattgtcaggatgttataactgactttgcttctcgtgagtgggttgaccgtggtatgtgtgcggacatttgtatacacgataagacatatcaaggtcaaaggaacttacacggacacgctatgttaactatgcgtgttattgatgagaacggtatagggaataagaatagggattggaacgagcacgagttaatggagcagtggcggtctgcttggtctgatgttgttaacgctcgtctggaacggttgaacgttgctgacagagtagaccataggagctatgaacgtcaaggggagacagacttgcaaccgacaaggcacttagggaagtctgcgactgcgttagaacgtaaaggagttaagacaaggcttggagagtttaaccgtcgtgtaatggctgaaaacgcccttataagacgttctatggagtggcttatgaaaatagctgaccgaagacgtaaagacgtcagagggcagaagaatgagcgtgagagcatagatagataa
>gene_39876|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
gagggctgctcggaaaaaacggtgcgctattatgattccacaatacgcaatgtactgacggccatcggtaaagacgcgaaagacatcacgacggacgacctgcggatgtatctggatgactaccagagccgaagcggcgcaagcaaagtaaccatcgacaacatccgcagaatcctgtccagttttttcgcgtggctggaagatgaagactatatcccgaagagccccgtgcggcggatccataaggtcaaaacttgcaaaacggtaaaagagacctattccgacgaagcgctggagctgatgcgagataacagtgaatgcgtcagggacttggcgatcatcgatatgcttgcctccaccggcattcgcgtcggtgaactcgtaaagctcaaccggacggatgtggattttgaaaaccgtgagtgcattgtcctcggcaaaggaaataagcagcgcaaggtctatttcgatgccagaacaaaaatacacctacagaactatctgaagagccggacagattcctgcgaggcgctgttcgtctcgttgcagaagccctacaaccgactgctgatcagtggcgtggaaatccgtctgcgggagctgggcaaacggcttgacatgaacaaggtacatccacacaagttccgcagaacccttgcaaccatggccatagacaagggaatgcccatcgagcaggtgcaacagctcctcggccaccagagtgtcgataccaccctgcaatacgccatggtgaaccagaacaacgtgaagctatcacaccaccggtatatcggatag
>gene_52796|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
ttgcctgttctcctggatcaaatccgcaacgcatggcgtcgcacctccagcacccgcgcaggcgacaagctccgcaagctgcttggcatcaagggcaccattcgcgccctggaagtcacccacggccaaaatggcttccacccgcacctgcatgtgctcctgttcctggaacaggacgccaccaacggctgcatccagggactgttcgcacccctctggcaaaacgcttgcgtcaaagccggtcttccccgcccctctgacgctcacggctgccgagtcgatgacggctcatacgctgccaaatacgcctccaaatggggcctagaaagcgagctgacgaaaagccacaccaagaagggccgcaacggctcacgcacgccctgggacttcctgagggccgtcctggatcgctccgagggctggcagcagtctgcacacctgttccgcacctatgccgagtcattcaaaggccaacgccagctctactggtcgaacggtctccgggccttccttgccctgggcgaagaagccaccgacgaggaagtggcagccgtccaggaagacaacgcccgcatgcttgccgaactcacggatgaccaatggcgggccattctccgcaccaagtccgaaacgatcgtcctggacatggcggaggaacaccccgaagcgctccccgtcttgctcgcctccatcctggaacgatcacgccggacaacgtccggcaagcctggagctgtctcgggtgtgctgagcggcgcgaagcccaccgagccagctccaggcattcccgtcacgtaa
>gene_21909|Initiator RepB protein
atggaaatgagaagagccagtatagacacggattattctgtggtaatggctaacgatatgataaagggatgcagtgaattatccttgaacgagttaaagctgctaagaactattattatgcagataaagccagaagatacagaactatatccctatatgatgacagttaaggattttcaagggataaccggattatcagaaaaaaggatatatgacgaagcaagaaaaatgtgtgtccatcttttgaaggaagtaataatgataggtgacggaaacccaaggcatccgtgggaagcgtttcaatgggtttcaatgtgcaagtatgattctgggaagttttacattaaacttaatgactgtttgaagccgtatattatcggattgcagcggttttacaccaagtttcagttgtcggacattgtaagattaaattctacttatgccatacgattattggaactgatttatgaagctatgaaaaacgctccggtgtatgcagataaaagcacagaagtatatattccggtggatgtgatcaggaaggcaactaatacagaaaacaaatacacaagtattagtaattttattaagagagttgttgaccttccgataaaagagattaacaagaagaatgaaaagtaccacataagttacagacaatacaaggaatcaaggaagatagtaggcttttattttctgattgagtccgcaaactggcatagattaaaggaagatgatccggaaaaagcggaacagttagcaatggaagcctacatgaaagaaatgcagaatatgtaa
>gene_57403|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtcaaaaatcgataaagcacggttctggacaggcgtcctttacccagagaacatgagaccggactggaaggaggtcataggcgataccttgcagtatccctatgcgtactgcgagcatagtgcggatctggatacgaagtcggagcaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggcctttccgaacacgaccacatacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatcttctctctgcagatggcaagaaggccatcaatacgtgtcaggctgtcatcggcatccgaaatgtctatgactacctgatccatgataccgatgactgcaggaagaagggcaaggagctctacccgaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgatatcggagcctttgagcagctgggtactgcagagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgagtgcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttttacgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgatgacatgaattacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctatagcagccacttcgaaaggttgaccagaggcaactttcagaagtgggagcagcagcagcgtggtgttagaccccgtccgtcacaggcccaacaccacgaaaacaccacgaacaccacggaaaacaccacggaaatagcaccacttgcctgtcctggttgtgggtgtatttccgtgataaaaagtggcaaaacccttgcaaatactcagcgttgggcctgtaaggactgcgggaaaaagttcgttgtgaggtag
>gene_27605|Initiator RepB protein
atggatatggcacggataacgcagaaacgcgaatactatgtagtaaaacgcaatgatttgattagaaaatcacggtatagtctatcagttcaacagcagaaaatgctttattatcttatatcgcagattaaaccgatggatgaagaaaacaaagagtatgagataaacataaatgaattttgtaaattatgcggttatgataccaacaacggctattattatacggctttgaaagaagatttaaaagcattagcagataaatcagcgtggatagatgccgatgatgggacaagtagccttttcaggtggattgataccgcaaccattaaacgcaatagcggagtaatgaaaatcaagtttcatagcacggttgccccttatttgtttgaattgatgggattttatacgcagtattccctttttcatctattggctatgaaatgtaaatactcaatgcgtatgtatgagtatttattgagtttaaaataccaatatcagtttaaagttgatattgaggaattaaagaagcgaatagacgcagaaaactatgataaattcagccattttaaggttagagtattagaaccagcgatagaagaaataaataaatttacagatattcaagtagattataagttagtaaaagagggcagggcttatactcaaatagaatttacagttagaacaaagggagaaatggcaaaatatatagcacagtctaaaacggcaaacacattagacgataccggctattttaatcaaagagggaagaaacgaaagaaagagagtgatgaataa
>gene_13800|Site-specific recombinase phage integrase family
gaggtgaaaggattccagttggcggcggcaacggtgcggcgcatacacggtgtccttcggcaggcaatgcaggcagcaaccgacctgcggatgataccgagaaatccgatagacggtgtgaagctccccaagatagataacgacgcaatgaagatcctgaatgaggatgaactgaagaccttcaaggaggccatcaaagaggaacccgagtggtacgatttcttctacaccgagatcacgacaggtatgcgcaagggtgagatctgcggtctgatgtggtcggacttcgatgcaaagaccggcacactccatgtgcggcgaacgctccaccgatacgaagacggacaactgcgcaccggcgaaaccaagacaggtgcaggcaagcgaaagatactgcttcccagaagtactgcacagctcctgcgggagagaagtaagaagtcgtacagccagtggatcttctggaaccccgtccgaccggaagagcccgtcgcgccggacagtgcctacctcgccatgaaacgaattctgaagaaagcgggattgcctgacatacggttccatgacctacggcacaccttcgcaacacacgcgctggcaaacggagttgaccccaaaacgctggctgacattctgggccacaccaatgcgtccttcacgctggacacctacgctcacgtcaccagtgatatgcaaaagcaggcagcggtggtcacggaagatttcatgtcaaacatcttaggaaaggggctgaaaccttgggcaagaaaagacgagcaagcggaacaggcagtgtga
>gene_49308|Initiator RepB protein
atgaaaaaaggaaaagcagaaacggcattcgagagcttgctttcaagacaagattatctcgttgttcaagcaaatgacctggcaaaggcgttcggcaacctaaaagcctttgagcataagttgctggactattgctttagctatgttacaaaggagagtggtgttacagaaaccttcaaagttagttcaaaagaggtgttgaaacacttcggcttgaacgcttcgggtaaaaactacgaacgtgtcgcacgtggtttcaagggcttaaacgagaatactgcgctttactttgcgattgaaaaagatggaaaaaaaggcatcagaatggggcagttgttttcgatgattgaattcatggaagatggagaagtcgcttttcgtttttcggaatttgctgcgccttacgtatttgccttaagaacgcaatactattcattcaaattggcagagctggcacgcatcaaatctaaatatgcccttgtcttgttgaaattatgggagtctaatcgatacaacggtcaaagaatcactacaatcaaaggcacagtcgatgagtggcaggattggttcttaggcgaagagaaacgatgggaaccagctagatttagagcgaaagttcttgaggtaggaggggttgagctcgagcaaaaactaggcgttgacatcttcctgaacacgctcaaaaacggtcgcaaggtagtcggctatgaaatgcaaatcatagacaagcgagtgtataacccaatggcgatcgaaaatgaggcgcagacagatatctatgatttcttggagggctag
>gene_36429|Replication protein RepB
atgaactatctagaaaacaaaaaaattgtacagtcaaactcacttgtccgtcagacaaactggaagctgaacaagacacctctgaagctttttaaggcctgcattgccgcaatcgatacatccaatccgccaaaggacaatacggtagtgatgcataaaagtgatctgattcagcttcttgagcttgataagaagcagaactatgtctatttgaaagagcagcttcgcagtctgattacttcggtcaaaatcgaagaagatgataatcgtgaaatttataccgctttggtaagcaaaatagaatgggaaaaagaatctgacatcgtaaaagtgaagtttgatgaagctgtaatgccatatctgatcgatcttcatgaacgctttttggaatatcctgcagaactgattccatattttgattcaaagtacggattgatcatctatgaaagccttttgtcaaattggaaacaatacgctgatgcaaatgaatttacgtatgatcttgaaactattcgctatatcactggaacagaaaaactatataaacgttttgatcatttcgaagaacgagtattaaaaatagcggtcgataatatcaatcatatccaaggcgaatttctcgtgaaatacgaaaagatcaagcatggaagaacgatcgagaagatactctttaggctcgtaccacgaacaagctggaagcaaacgacctatgaagaagctgcattggcacttgcaagcaaagtaaataaaacaaaaaacgatacatcagacgaggaaggagacacatatccatggtaa
>gene_5313|replicative protein
attcgtgatggagaaataaaacaatgtaatcatattgaaaatcgtagtcaaaatttaaatagtgttagattaactatgaaaaaaattagagatttgattaattctaatattactccacaaaataaacacgaatggttgtttttaactcttacttataaagaaaatatgacagatacaaaaaaagcaaagtttgattttaataattttataaagagatttaaggttgcttatattgattatcactcttatattgctgttattgagcctcaaggtagaggtgcttggcattatcatgttttagttcattttaagtgtaaagctccttatatttctaatttagataatctatggaaacaaggctttgttaaaatcaagtcaattggtgagtgtgataattttggtgcttattttagtgcttatttagctgacattgaattgagtgatgataattgctttgagtatattaataattctcaaaatttaaatatccctattgttgaaaagaaagttattgaagatgataagcaaataacaaagaaatttattaagggtggtagattatatttatacccacctaaaatgaatattattcgttatagtaaaaatattaaaaaacctgttgttgttgatatgacatataataaatataaaaagaaagtaggaatgaccgctcctaccttctctcaattctctgatattcatttaaatggtgaatattctcatcaattagtttatattgagtttaacaaacaaaaaaataattgtcaattggaggggaaagactatgaaatacactaa
>gene_56964|Plasmid recombination protein
atggcaaatatggagaagtttacgttggcggcggctaaggcagttatcgctcatcaagagcgaacttgccagacgcatagcaacgagaacatcgatccggaacaaacgaagtataattactgcgtttggccgttcgatgagccggactatgttggcgagaaacacggatggcgaagactaaccaaaaggttaggcgaagtaaagcatcttcagaggaatgacgtgaacgtcctcgtcgagtgggttatacatttaggtaccgacgtgccgccaggatacgataacgaagaagaattcttcaaagcctgcatgcgctattgcgctaatctatatggcgaagagaacatctgttacggtatcgtccacgtagacgaagaaaacccgcatttaacggtcggttttgttccagtggtaaagaaacctttgaagcttcgtaaaaacgcctcagaggccaaaagaaaagcctatgaggctatgatagccgaaggcaagaccgagatagaggttgttgatgcgaatgctttgattaacagaaagcatttagcaggatggcacggtggtctgagcactcaccttaaagacgaactcggttacgatcctgctgtctataccgggattacaaaagcgcttggcggcaatgtatcagttaagcagctgaagcgcaagccgaaggactggcgcgaacaacgtaataaacgagctgcgcgttttcacgagaatcgaagagcagcgagtggtggcaaacaagctggacttgatacactgatacataacgctaaagaattggggagagagtaa
>gene_55121|Replication protein
gtgaatagtgatgaaaaaatagaggtgtacaccaaaagagagtatctagtagtcaaggctaacgagttagtacagaaaagtcgatttgagctttcgttaaccgaacagaaaaccatagcttttgtttgctcactgataaaacctatgagtgcagtagacaaagctaatggactttatcaacttgagtatgactttaacattcgtgattactgcaaggtttgtggtataacgtatgatagtggcaaaaactacgcagaagttaaagaaacactaaaaaaactgtctgacaggtccatgtgggttacgtttcctgaaaatcctgatgaggaagttctgtgtcgttggctatcaaaagtgagaaccaataagaaaagtggaatagcacatatcaagcttgatgaggacttagctccattactttttgacttagggcagaggttcacacaatatcagctttacaacattcttgctatgaagtcggctttttccgttcgcatatatgagctgatgaagtcttatgctcgcctacgtacaaagacctttgaccttgatgaactaaaatgcttgcttatggtcgagaatgtcaagtcttatcataactttaaagattttagaaaatatgtacttgaaaaagctcaaaaggaaataaacgaacttacagacttaaacatcagctttgagcctataaccaaaggcagaaaagtcgtaaaggtaaagtttgacatagcagaaaaaacacctcttgagagggcaatagcaggtgctacagcaaatgaacgattaggagaactacagtaa
>gene_4879|Rep
atgagagcaagagtatttaatgtcatgcaatatgaaaaacacccagaaacgggggaagtgttactaacagaagaccgcattataagtgcaataaatcataagagcattaaagaatgggcttatatttgccatgattctgatgtttatagtcaggctgatgaagaagataatccacttcatgtgcagggcaagaaaaagcctcgtcattggcatatagttttaaaatgctcaaatgcggttgaagtttctgttattgctaagtggcttgatattccagagaattttattgatgttcctaagggcgcaggtgctttccttgattgtgttcagtatctaacacatgaagatttaaaacagcagggacttggtaaaaggctttatgatgatgataaggtaaaagcaaattttgactttagagctgaacttgataagcgcattgaaaaccgccttaaatatgggcgtgaccttgaccctaaagaccagatgcgtcataacgtcatgtatggcggttggactctccgtcaatgtgaggactctgataaaatcacatacatgaatgaccttgaacgtcttaaaaaatataggcttgattacattcagaacagagctaaaatgcctgagttccgcatcaattattatgtggatgggcttggtggtataggtaaaaatacagcttctaaagctcttgcaaggtctttatatccagacattgaacatgaggaagattgctattttgaaattggcggtgataaggtttctcttgatggatatgatggacagcctgtcattatctgg
>gene_15669|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctaaaaacgtcaagaaaaggaactgggcgttctttgtttacccaagcaaagaataccttgacagtatcggaaccacgtatgacggttcagacggttacggtactgctccggaaaactggagagacttactccagttgaccggacttcaagcagccatctctcccttacacgacaaagacgtgctggaagatggcagcggaagaaccaagaaaccacattggcacgttatagtatgctatagcgggcctacatcattcaatgtggttaaggatctgaccgagcaatttaattctccaatacctcaggcattggagcaggtgcgtgggtattacagatacctcacgcacaaggacaaccctgagaaatatcagtatgatgagttggagatcaagacaatcaacggctttaatattgcggatttttcggagctgacacgttccgaaataacgcaaattaaaaagtcgttgcagtcactcatcagacagtacggcattatggaatatgccgagctgatggactatctgcaggacgaagaaatgaacgtagaatatgaggtcgcaagtaataatacatatttctttgacaagtacatttcgagtcgtcgcaatcgctctgcacagttcaaagcacaaaatcagcaccaaaatatccccacgcatccccacgacaacaccacgccaaaatgttgtccagattgcggttctgttgccatcataaaagacggcaaaaccgcatcgttaagccaaagatgggaatgtaaggattgcggcaaaaggttcactcaagggtaa
>gene_28653|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctaaaaacgtcaagaaaaggaactgggcgttctttgtttacccaagcaaagaataccttgacagtatcggaaccacgtatgacggttcagacggttacggtactgctccggaaaactggagagacttactccagttgaccggacttcaagcagccatctctcccttacacgacaaagacgtgctggaagatggcagcggaagaaccaagaaaccacattggcacgttatagtatgctatagcgggcctacatcattcaatgtggttaaggatctgaccgagcaatttaattctccaatacctcaggcattggagcaggtgcgtgggtattacagatacctcacgcacaaggacaaccctgagaaatatcagtatgatgagttggagatcaagacaatcaacggctttaatattgcggatttttcggagctgacacgttccgaaataacgcaaattaaaaagtcgttgcagtcactcatcagacagtacggcattatggaatatgccgagctgatggactatctgcaggacgaagaaatgaacgtagaatatgaggtcgcaagtaataatacatatttctttgacaagtacatttcgagtcgtcgcaatcgctctgcacagttcaaagcacaaaatcagcaccaaaatatccccacgcatccccacgacaacaccacgccaaaatgttgtccagattgcggttctgttgccatcataaaagacggcaaaaccgcatcgttaagccaaagatgggaatgtaaggattgcggcaaaaggttcactcaagggtaa
>gene_56406|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaacagtagtgagattatagcggttgaaacccaaagggaataccttgttgtgaaaagcaatgagttggttcaaaacaaccgatttgagctttctctgatagagcagaaaacggttgcttttatatgctccatgataaagccaatagaagccgtagacaaagcaaaaggcgtaccttttcagctcgaatatgactttaatatccgtgattattgtaaagtgtgtggtatcgactacgacaacggaaataactatgccaacgtgaaagccactctcaaaaaattgcgtgaccgctccatgtggattgcaatgcctgacggttcagagagtctttgcggttggcttgcaagggtaaatacgaacaaaaaaagcggtgttgcgaaaatagaattagaccgtgatttagtaccgtatcttttcgatttgggacagaagtttacccaatatcagctttacaacatactcgccatgcggtcggctttttcggttcggttctatgagctgatgaagtcctatgctttccaaaaaagcaagacttttgatatagacgaattgaagcgtctgcttatggtagaagatgtaaagtcatataaggatttcagtctttttagaacttatgtgcttgaagtggcagagcgtgaaatcaatgagctgacggatataaccatttcttttgaaccgattacgcaaggaagaaaggtagtgaaagtgagatttacgataaaggaaaaagcccccattgaaaaggcaatttccggagcaacggtacatgaaaaattgggggctttggaatag
>gene_37990|Relaxase/mobilization
atgatagggaaagggaaaagcatatcacatggtgtggcggcattggagtacgacctcgccaaagagataaacgggcaggcagtagccaccgagatagcccggcatgaactttatgggtgtactggtgcggaaatggtgcaggaaatgaaaccgtatcacattgattttccgaacgtaaaaaacaactgcctacgtttcgaggtcagcccctcgatagaggaaagcgccacctttacggatgcggactgggcggaacttggtaacgacttcatgcagcgcatggggttggcgaaccaccagtacatcatcatccggcacagcggtacggagagcaagaaagagcaagcccacctgcacatactggcaaaccgggtttccctttccggggaactgtaccgggacaactggatagggaaaaaggcaacggaagccgccaatgccatagccaaggaacggaactttgtacagtcgcaggacattggcaaagtcaacaaagcggaaatcaaggaagccatggacggcgtattgaagaagatgcagggctttgactttaccaaattcaaggaagaacttggtaagagaggttttaaagtccgggaagccagggcaagcaccgggaaacttaacggctactatgtcacagcccgaagcggtacggagtataaggcaagcgagatagggaaaggctacactctcgcccatatcgagcggacacaaagcaaactgaagtgcaactcaatgaacatatctcatggaaacaaactcacacccggaagcggcagcttccaacgttaa
>gene_37721|Relaxase/mobilization
atgatagggaaagggaaaagcatatcacatggtgtggcggcattggagtacgacctcgccaaagagataaacgggcaggcagtagccaccgagatagcccggcatgaactttatgggtgtactggtgcggaaatggtgcaggaaatgaaaccgtatcacattgattttccgaacgtaaaaaacaactgcctacgtttcgaggtcagcccctcgatagaggaaagcgccacctttacggatgcggactgggcggaacttggtaacgacttcatgcagcgcatggggttggcgaaccaccagtacatcatcatccggcacagcggtacggagagcaagaaagagcaagcccacctgcacatactggcaaaccgggtttccctttccggggaactgtaccgggacaactggatagggaaaaaggcaacggaagccgccaatgccatagccaaggaacggaactttgtacagtcgcaggacattggcaaagtcaacaaagcggaaatcaaggaagccatggacggcgtattgaagaagatgcagggctttgactttaccaaattcaaggaagaacttggtaagagaggttttaaagtccgggaagccagggcaagcaccgggaaacttaacggctactatgtcacagcccgaagcggtacggagtataaggcaagcgagatagggaaaggctacactctcgcccatatcgagcggacacaaagcaaactgaagtgcaactcaatgaacatatctcatggaaacaaactcacacccggaagcggcagcttccaacgttaa
>gene_34813|Relaxase/mobilization
atgatagggaaagggaaaagcatatcacatggtgtggcggcattggagtacgacctcgccaaagagataaacgggcaggcagtagccaccgagatagcccggcatgaactttatgggtgtactggtgcggaaatggtgcaggaaatgaaaccgtatcacattgattttccgaacgtaaaaaacaactgcctacgtttcgaggtcagcccctcgatagaggaaagcgccacctttacggatgcggactgggcggaacttggtaacgacttcatgcagcgcatggggttggcgaaccaccagtacatcatcatccggcacagcggtacggagagcaagaaagagcaagcccacctgcacatactggcaaaccgggtttccctttccggggaactgtaccgggacaactggatagggaaaaaggcaacggaagccgccaatgccatagccaaggaacggaactttgtacagtcgcaggacattggcaaagtcaacaaagcggaaatcaaggaagccatggacggcgtattgaagaagatgcagggctttgactttaccaaattcaaggaagaacttggtaagagaggttttaaagtccgggaagccagggcaagcaccgggaaacttaacggctactatgtcacagcccgaagcggtacggagtataaggcaagcgagatagggaaaggctacactctcgcccatatcgagcggacacaaagcaaactgaagtgcaactcaatgaacatatctcatggaaacaaactcatacccggaagcggcagcttccaacgttaa
>gene_34342|Relaxase/mobilization
atgatagggaaagggaaaagcatatcacatggtgtggcggcattggagtacgacctcgccaaagagataaacgggcaggcagtagccaccgagatagcccggcatgaactttatgggtgtactggtgcggaaatggtgcaggaaatgaaaccgtatcacattgattttccgaacgtaaaaaacaactgcctacgtttcgaggtcagcccctcgatagaggaaagcgccacctttacggatgcggactgggcggaacttggtaacgacttcatgcagcgcatggggttggcgaaccaccagtacatcatcatccggcacagcggtacggagagcaagaaagagcaagcccacctgcacatactggcaaaccgggtttccctttccggggaactgtaccgggacaactggatagggaaaaaggcaacggaagccgccaatgccatagccaaggaacggaactttgtacagtcgcaggacattggcaaagtcaacaaagcggaaatcaaggaagccatggacggcgtattgaagaagatgcagggctttgactttaccaaattcaaggaagaacttggtaagagaggttttaaagtccgggaagccagggcaagcaccgggaaacttaacggctactatgtcacagcccgaagcggtacggagtataaggcaagcgagatagggaaaggctacactctcgcccatatcgagcggacacaaagcaaactgaagtgcaactcaatgaacatatctcatggaaacaaactcatacccggaagcggcagcttccaacgttaa
>gene_125|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcttatcaagttatgcatatcgagaagctgaaaaatgctgatttacattcaattcaaaaagaagcaaatcgggaatttgaagataagagcaaatatgttgcaaatatagatttttcgaaaactgaaaataatttttatcttgcgaaatcggataattggcgagctgatattgatgatatattagctgaaaagggcataaaagctcgttcaaattcagttaaggctttatcagttatattcgcagcttcacctgaatggatggagcaagcaactatggaagagaagctccaatattttacagattgtaaaaatttctgcgacagctttttgggtcaaactgtaaattttgtggttcatacagacgaaacaacctggcacgcacacgcttgtgttgtacccctcattgagcgtgataacaagtggcatttgtctgctcgtgacattatgggtggtcgttctggcttgagctatctgcaaagtacatttaacgagcttgtgggggctaaatatgaccttgaaagaggtgctaatagg
>gene_43141|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcttatcaagttatgcatatcgagaagctgaaaaatgctgatttacattcaattcaaaaagaagcaaatcgggaatttgaagataagagcaaatatgttgcaaatatagatttttcgaaaactgaaaataatttttatcttgcgaaatcggataattggcgagctgatattgatgatatattagctgaaaagggcataaaagctcgttcaaattcagttaaggctttatcagttatattcgcagcttcacctgaatggatggagcaagcaactatggaagagaagctccaatattttacagattgtaaaaatttctgcgacagctttttgggtcaaactgtaaattttgtggttcatacagacgaaacaacctggcacgcacacgcttgtgttgtacccctcattgagcgtgataacaagtggcatttgtctgctcgtgacattatgggtggtcgttctggcttgagctatctgcaaagtacatttaacgagcttgtgggggctaaatatgaccttgaaagaggtgctaataggcttaattcaaaggagaaagttaagcacttaaatgagcttgaatatcgagtgaagaaagaggaagaaaagctccaagatttgacgtgtgagcttaattatgccaaggagagtttaaaaaagaccaaaggacttttggagaatttggagtttgtggcttacctaaaaaaatatcaaaaagagatttatgttaagctcgttaagctctttgaaaaatcaaaggataaagtggcaagcttagaagctgaaagggggttataa
>gene_33486|replication protein RepB, partial
atgagtgcaaaacgctcagctaaagttgccgcacaggtactggaaagctatcgggttcaagacttaaatcgtcctgctggtcaacgttggatcacgatgtccaacgcactcactcgggcaggtcatggactcacgcttgcggaaaaacgcatcgttgccactgcagtttcaaagctcgatagccgtaaagcaccaacaccaggcgaagttccaagaacacgcatctacgcagacgagtacgcagagaacttcggtgtggacatagacacggcatacgaccaactgcaaagcgctgcgaagatgctctacaagcgctcaattaccttctacgaaccagcttttaaacggaatggcaagccacttgccccaaccttggtgcaaatgcgttgggtaggggctgtgaagtatcaaaaaggcgaaggatgggttgaactgagctggtggccagaccttcttcgtcatctgcttggcctgaaagcgcagttcacaacctaccaattgcagcaagcctcagcgcttcgatctacacactcttggcgactgcttgagctgctttcaaggttcaaatccacgggtgttgctgaatacagcatcgaagacttttgtgtgtcgatggatgccacagaaaaacaggctgccgacttcgcaaagattcgcaccaaaatcattgagcctgcggtcaaagagctgcaagagaaagacgggtggctcattgagtgggaagcagtcaagaaggggcggaaagtggcttctgtgcgttttaaattccagcgaaacccgcagcaaagcttg
>gene_54609|RepXfC
accgactttctccgatccatcgacgaacgcaagctcagcggggcaggggtggcgctgacgctgaccgttaggacctgcccgcctacagccgacgactggcaccgcctccgcaaggcatggcaggagcgcatgcggcgtgccggtatggttcgcatccactgggtgaccgaatggcagcgccggggtgtgcctcacttgcacgtcgccatctggtggcccgatgcgtaccggatcagcgaccccatccgtgcgtggctcgacctggcggagcagtacggggcaggggcgaagggtcagcatgggaagccgatagacgggcctgtgggctggttccagtacctgtcgaagcatgccgcccgtggggtgaagcactaccagcgcagcggcgacaacatgcccaccgggtggcaggagaaaaccggccgggtctggggctacggcggcgattggccgctacaggagccggtgaacgtgcagctggacgacgaaggcttctacgccttccgcaggctggtccggagctggcgaatcgggaacgccagggcatcgggggacaaggcgcgggagatccacgcccgccacatgctccggcactccgacccgaagatctcagccctgcggccggtctcggaatggtgcaatcagacgcaggccctgatgttcctcgggaacctagcctcccggggctacggcttcgacctgatgcctcctaaggacgtgtcaaccgccagttga
>gene_51925|Putative replication protein
atgagacagcaggagggggccgtgggtggtggtctccgtggtgaggtggggggctggtcgatcaaggccgcacgtcggaataccgacttcctccgctccatcgacgaacgcaagctgaccggggcaggggtggcgctgacgctgaccctccggacctgcccgccaacagccgacgactggcaccgcctccgcaaggcatggcaggagcgcatgcggcgtgccggtatggttcgcatccactgggttaccgaatggcagcgccggggcgtgccgcacctgcacgttgccatctggtggcccgatgcgtaccggatcagcgaccccatccgtgcgtggctcgacctggccgagcagtacggcgccggcgcgaagggtcagcatgggaaaccgatcgacgggccggtgggctggtttttttacctgtcgaaacatgcggcacgcggggtgacgcactaccagcgtagcggcgacaacatgcccatcggctggcaggagaaaaccggccgggtctggggctacggcggggattggccgctacaggacccggtcaacgtgcagctggacgacgaaggcttctatgccttccgcaggctggtcaggagctggcgcatcggcaatgccagggcgtccggggacaaggcacgcgagctgcacgcccgccacatgctccggcactccgacccgaagatctctgccctgcgcccggtctcggaatggtgcaatcagacgcaggccctgatgttcctcgggaacctagcc
>gene_52190|Replication protein
atgagaaagcaggagggggccgtgggtggtggtctccgtggtgaagtggggggctggtcgatcaaggccacgcggcggaataccgacttcctccgctccatcgacgaacgaaagctcagcggggcaggggtggcgctgacgctgaccctcaggacctgcccgcctacagccgacgactggcaccgcctccgcaaggcatggcaggagcgcatgcgccgtgccggtatggttcgcatccactgggtgactgaatggcagcgccggggtgtgccgcacctgcacgtcgccatctggtggcccgatgcgtaccggatcagcgaccccatccgtgcgtggctcgacctagcggagcagtacggggcaggagcgaagggtcagcatgggaagccgatagacgggcctgtgggctggttccagtacctgtcgaagcatgccgcccgtggggtgaagcactaccagcgcagcggcgacaacatgccgattgggtggcaggagaaaaccggccgggtctggggctacggcggcgattggccgctacaggagccggtgaacgtgcagctggacgacgaaggcttctacgccttccgcaggctggtccggagctggcgaatcgggaacgctagggcatcgggggacaaggcgcgggagatccacgcccgccacatgctccggcactccgacccgaagatctcagccctgcgcccggtctcggaatggtgcaatcagacgcaggccctgatgttcctcgggaacctagcctcccggggctacggcttcgacctgatgcctccg
>gene_55108|Replication protein
gtgacaagtgatgaaaaaatagatatattgcaaaaaagagaataccttgttgtgaaaggcaatgaacttgtacaacataaccgctttgaactgtctttaattgagcaaaaaacggttgcttatatttgttccatgataaaacctattgaagtcatagacagagcaaaaggagtaccttttcagcttgaatatgagtttaatattcgtgattactgtaaggtttgtggtattgattatgataatggcaagaattatgcaaacgtaaaagaaactttgaaacgtctgcgtgaccgttccatgtggttatctatgcccgatggttcagaaagtcttgtagggtggcttgcgaaagtaaacactaataaaaaaagcggtattgcaaaaattaaaatagacgaggatttagttccatacctttttgacctggggcagaagtttacacagtatcagttatacaatatacttgccatgaagtcagcattttcagtgcgtatatatgagctgatgaagtcttttgcttttcagaaaacaaaaacttttgatattgatgaattgaaacgtctgcttatggtggaagatgtgaaatcttataagaatttcaatctttttaagaccaatgtactggaagttgctcaaagggaaatcaatgagcttacggatataaatatcagctttgagcagattaccaaaggcagaaaggttgttaaggtaaagttccgtatagagcagaaaaaccccattgaacgtttgcttgcaggagcaaccgcaaatgaccgactaggagaacttacatag
>gene_38205|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
ttgaagctagacatcatctacaagagcaaccttacactagaaaaggctagggagctttaccctaggtggtatcaaaacagaattgtagagggcaagcctagaggtcactggaacagatacgaggggatctataccaactggatagagaaaatgtatgagggagcagaagaggggcatagatacaactgcctagagaatctatgcagtcttgcggtgcaatgtcagatagaaccagaacgagtagaagctgattgtcgcaaaatggcaatacatcttgaaagtcttaccaccgatgataaaaaccactttactgagtatgatattctttgtgccttaagaacttatcacaacgctgatgagggagcttacagacgcaagcttgaatatatagccgataagactggcatacctttacagagagccaagaggaacggaagaatccaagagcaacacattaaaattatgactgcaattagagatataacacatccagacggaagttggcgtaccggtaatgggagaaagtctaaaatagagttggtaaaagagtggagaaagagtcatccagacggaaagaaagccgattgtattcgagatactggattgacaaagcctacagtctataaatggtgggatgaatcaaaggtgcagatagaaatcgagaaagcgatgaaagaacatatatactatgaggttcgacctgcgactgaaaaagaaaagccaattttagaggaatttggagacgaatctggttatattatggagttaaagtggagagagaaaaatgacaattaa
>gene_34004|DNA relaxase mbeA
atgttagttaagtttttttctagcaaaggtggagggagcgcaaaggctagcattgattatttgcttgataagccagagggaacaatgcagatattgcagggtgatcctgtactctctcaaaaaatagcaagtggtctaacgtttgctacaccttatacggtcggcgcgctttcgtttgaagaaaaaaatattcccagtcaccaaaaacgggaaattatgagaacgtttgaaggggttgtttttgcaggtctagacaaagagcaatacaacattacttggattgagcataccgataaaggacggttagagcttaatttttttattccgaacgttgaattgtcttcaggtaaacgacttcagccctactacgacaaggcagatcgccctctaattgagaattttaagcaggttataaatcataaatatgggctttcagatcccaatgcgcccgacaaaaaacaactactgattacaagacaggatttgccacatagcaaaaaaaacgcattagaagcgatttcagagggtattttaaatttggctaccaaaggtatggttagtgacagaaatgacgttatagctgcattagaggcctcaggatttgaaatttcacgcatcaccgacaaaagcatatcaatcaaaacagaaggacagaatttacgattaaaaggggctttttatgaaaaagatttcagagctggcgacagcctttcagaaacaatcagagaacgaactgaacagtatcaaagaacgagtgaagaacgttatcaaacagcacgaggaagacttatcgcagcagttgagcgacgtgaacgagaatttcatagcaaatatccaaatagaacaacagaaatggataacgcttaccaaacaacttttcaaaatgccttttctattcgcaatgggcgtgatgattatcttaatgatcgtaatctggctaatggcgtggaaagcgacagaaatatacagcgagatggagagttggaaaaaatcaacagaactttggaaagcggagagcaatggagccaagttaactcaatgcgaatggaaacgcgagttgataccctgcatagtaatagatccaaagttcgagggaatgcaatggacgaacaacgagggggaactgatgaaagcggtactcatagcgaaacatcaaccacagaacacaaccaacaaaccgaggaagaaataaatggcaacacaggcagaaattcttttacagaagactttgcagaatttgttagaactgcaatcgaaagagcgggcggacttattgaaaaaattagagaaattggagagagaatattcggagataatcgaagagaacaacttgatccgtcaacagtacaaggaaatcagcacggagttgaagagcttaaacagcaatctcaagatattgaccaaacggtaaaagagttgcagaaagtgaagagcaaagaatacgaacttacgctttag
>gene_51426|Initiator RepB protein
atgaattacgacgagaaaatagcgattgagacccacagagagtatcttgtggtgaagagtaacgagctggtacagcacaaccgctttgagttgtcgctgattgagcagaaaacggttgcttttatctgttcaatgataaagccaatcgaagctttggacagagcgaagggagtgccgtttcagttggagtatgagttcaacatccgtgattactgtaaggtttgcggtattgattacaacgctggtaagaactatgcagatgtaaaggcaacactaaagaagttgcgtgaccgttccatgtggctgaccatgcccgacggttcagagagcctttgcggttggcttgccaaggtgaacaccaacaaaaagagcggtattgcccatatcaagctggacgaggatttggttccgtaccttttcgaccttggacagcggttcacgcagtaccagctttacaacattctcgctatgaagtccgctttttcggtgagaatctatgagctgatgaagtcctatgctttccaaaagaccaagacctttgacttggacgagctgaagcgtctgctcatggtggatactgtgaagtcctatgaccgttttcccgacttccgaagaaaagtgctggaagtggcacagcgtgaaatcaatgagctgaccgacatcaacattcattttgagcctatcaccaagggcagaaaggttatcaaagtgaagttccggatagaaacaaaagaccatatggagaggtggcttgccggagcgaccgcccatgaccgattaggggagcttgaatag
>gene_16944|Replicase A
atgaattacgacgagaaaatagcgattgagacccacagagagtatcttgtggtgaagagtaacgagctggtacagcacaaccgctttgagttgtcgctgattgagcagaaaacggttgcttttatctgttcaatgataaagccaatcgaagctttggacagagcgaagggagtgccgtttcagttggagtatgagttcaacatccgtgattactgtaaggtttgcggtattgattacaacgctggtaagaactatgcagatgtaaaggcaacactaaagaagttgcgtgaccgttccatgtggctgaccatgcccgacggttcagagagcctttgcggttggcttgccaaggtgaacaccaacaaaaagagcggtattgcccatatcaagctggacgaggatttggttccgtaccttttcgaccttggacagcggttcacgcagtaccagctttacaacattctcgctatgaagtccgctttt
>gene_30433|Replication protein
cttttcgaccttggacagcggttcacacagtaccagctctacaacattcttgccatgaagtccgctttttcggtgagaatctatgagctgatgaagtcctatgctttccaaaagaccaaaacctttgacttggacgagctgaagcatctgctcatggtggatgatgtgaagtcctatgaccgctttcccgatttccgaagaaaagtgcttgaagtggcacagcgtgaaatcaatgagctgaccgacatcaacattcattttgagccgattaccaagggcagaaaagttgttaaagtaaagttccggatagaatcgaaagaccctatggagaggtggcttgccggagcgaccgcccatgaccgattaggggagctggaatag
>gene_21839|ATPases involved in chromosome partitioning
atgaaaagcaccgttattgcaatagtgaaccaaaaagggggcgtcggtaaatcgtcgacggcaggggccttgtgtacaggcctggcccgacgggggtataaaacccttcttatagagtttgacccgcagggggacgacgccttttccttcaaagcagacgcccaggaaacgccgttgcttgaagacctgttgaacgggtccgacctgtcggcaaggatacaacacaccgaccagggcgacatcgtaggcagtgacgcttccctggcagggacagacgttgcactggacaggaaatacggggacagcacggacaaactgtttgtgcttcaaaaggcagtcaagccgttgaagaagaagtacgacgttgtaataatcgacaccccgccgtcactgggcctattaagtgcaaacgccttgtgttgttgcgacgaagtgataatacccgccaggcccgaagtttattccttaaagggaataggggcattgaacaggacaatccaggctatgaaggcctacaacaaggacctgcacgtcgcaggtatacttcttaccttctttgaaggaaggacgggacttcacaagaacacgaaagcaaccctggaagccgtgtccgacaacctgggggcaaaggtattttcaacgtcaatacgaaagtgtgtcgacatcggcaacgcccaggacgaacgcaaggacatttattcttacaggccaaagggtaacgccgtccaggactacaacctcttcattgacgaactactggacgaccttaaagcaagaaacaaactactgtaa
>gene_26413|Initiator Replication protein
atggataaagatattttagaattacagtatagaagtgatataaatgttgtccaggcaaacgagttaatcaggagcaaaaaagacgatttaaccttgcttgaagcaaaattaatccgcttggcggtcgcacagatactaaaagatgataccgatttacaaacatacagttgtaaaataactgatttagctaaatttttgggagtatctcgacaaagtctttatcaggaaatggaaacattttccaggaacattatgaaaaaagtaattacaatacacgagaaagacccaccgccagagcggaagaaagctccccattggaagatgtttcactgggtagatgtgtgttcctattacgatggagttatcacaattaagctgagtgaagagttaaagccatatcttttaggcttgtatgagcttttcactcaatactcttatgctgaaattctaacactccccacagcaaatagtatctctctttttgagctattggcgagttataggaacctgagggttaagaaagaatctatccggagttataaaggggaacagctaaaaggaaacgagtatgttttcactattgaatttttaagagaatactttaattgtgaaaataaatatcccaaagcaggagattttgtaaaaagagtgatagatttatctgtgaatgccattaataaacatattgggggaatttacagggtaaaatatgagaaaataatggatggaagaaagctcgaagctattaaatttacaggggatatcgttggtagtaaagcattagaggaataa
>gene_55877|Initiator Replication protein
atggataaagatattttagaattacagtatagaagtgatataaatgttgtccaggcaaacgagttaatcaggagcaaaaaagacgatttaaccttgcttgaagcaaaattaatccgcttggcggtcgcacagatactaaaagatgataccgatttacaaacatacagttgtaaaataactgatttagctaaatttttgggagtatctcgacaaagtctttatcaggaaatggaaacattttccaggaacattatgaaaaaagtaattacaatacacgagaaagacccaccgccagagcggaagaaagctccccattggaagatgtttcactgggtagatgtgtgttcctattacgatggagttatcacaattaagctgagtgaagagttaaagccatatcttttaggcttgtatgagcttttcactcaatactcttatgctgaaattctaacactccccacagcaaatagtatctctctttttgagctattggcgagttataggaacctgagggttaagaaagaatctatccggagttataaaggggaacagctaaaaggaaacgagtatgttttcactattgaatttttaagagaatactttaattgtgaaaataaatatcccaaagcaggagattttgtaaaaagagtgatagatttatctgtgaatgccattaataaacatattgggggaatttacagggtaaaatatgagaaaataatggatggaagaaagctcgaagctattaaatttacaggggatatcgttggtagtaaagca
>gene_42057|RepB protein
atgaaagcaaaatcaaaatcaatcgacaagcgagagagcttgaaagtagttactaacaacaattttatcacggctatcggacccgagaagctctcacttaaagcgagaaagctcttctacatagctatatctcaagtgcgaaaatcggacaaagagttctacgagtttcgcgttacgcctttggaatttgcagacatgatgggaatagacgtgtctaacatatatgatacggcagacagtatctgcaacgaattaagactattaggcatacaatgccgtttggaagagaatcacaagcgagtatacaatgcattttcctacgttgaatacggagatagttgcgacatcatctttaagttgaactctgacatgacggactttttgcttgcactccaaaagaactttacgcaaccactcctaaacgatttcatgcatatgaaaagcgcttacagtatggctatctggcatttattccagcgcgaaatgaagagtaaaaagcctaacatcacgaatcagatagagttcgacttatcgcttgaagaactacggcaagtcacgggaacagaagaaaagttaaaacaactagtacacttcaaaactaaagtgctagataaagcaattcgtgagatttacgataactgttatgtaaacattaaatacactcacataaaaaagggaaaaaaggttatcggtttccatttcagcgcggaaagctggatgcacgtgaatgaagaagaatttgaccaagagtgggttgccaaagttaaagaaaaagccaaaaaaatacaataa
>gene_34593|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggcacacgtggcgaaattcggcaagggagcaatgggccatatgatggcacattacgaccgaagcaaagaatgcgacgacaacgtggacaaggagcgcacacatatgaattacaacttggcagcgcatcagcagctgacacagttgcaattcattcacaagcgtctttcggaggtgcaggtgcacaaccgaaaagacgtgaatgtgatgtgcgactgggtcgtaacagctccaaaggattttttggctgagcactcagacaaggaaaaagaattcttcgaagcggcttaccgcttcctcgagcagaaatacggtaaggagaacgtgatatcagcttacgtccacaaggacgaagctacaccgcatatgcactttgcttttgtgcctgtcgtttacgacgaaaagaaagaccgctacaaggtaagcgctaaagagtgcatcactcgcgctgaccttaaggtctttcatcaggagcttgagcagtatgtgtcacaagagcttcagctcgaagtgcacattcagaacggtgcgaccagggaaggcaacgttaccgtgccgcagctgaaagcgcagcaggaacgtgccgaccttcttgcagccgagaatgagcagctgaaaaaaggaattgccagcttgaacgtgcaacgtcaagcgtgcaaagaccagctgcgaatgttaggcgaagatatagagcacgctcagaaggctctgagtgcccttagaaagccgttagaggacgttatggcattagagagggtaaaacccttcgcagggctttattcggcttct
>gene_17104|Replication initiator protein
atggtatgggagggattaacaatgacggagattttgacgcaaagagatttgttttcagcacagggaaactatgtagcaaagggaaatgacttgatacagaaaagccgttattctctttcgcttatggaacagaaagccgtgctatttatcataagcaagataaccccttatgatgaacccaacaaagaatatgttttcaaaatcaaagattttgtgaaaacttgtaatttcaataccagtagtggaagatatgccgattatcttgtttcaataatggaaagtatagccgaaaaggttattgtcattgaaacagaaccggggaaaaggcttgtagcaaattggttttcgtcagcagagattgacgaaaaaacgaatacaataacaatcacttttgatagaaaactaaccccgtatctgtttcaactcaaatctttctatactcaatatcgccttgaatatgtgttagcaatgaaaagcaagtattctgtgcggttgtatgagtttttgaaaagtgtaaaatacatcgggtataaataccgcatatcccttgatgaattgagggaaaaaatagattgtttagataaatacccgaattacaaagactttcgtctgtatgtgcttgataaggcaatcaaagagataaatgcctatacggatataaaagtatctttcaaagcatacagggaaggtaaaaaggtaaatatcatagagtttatcttactatccgcagagtttgacgaagtaagacaacagaacaggcgggaaaagttgggggaaatgaagcgtgattga
>gene_31250|Putative Replicative protein
atggaaattaataatattaataattatgggcgcggaattatcaacatatacacaactaatgatattgtagaaacgatagaagtccaaaacccaagtaatatacaaagcagaattaaaaaagtagacaagaatagttatgtcgacctgcaaacaggcgaattaatacaatatcaaaaaaacgataccaaaaacaaagaaagtttattaaagacttttaattctttaagaagaataataaacgcaaattttgatacaaaaaatagcttatttttaaccttaacatataaagagaatatgcaagacctcgaacaagcaagaaaagatttaaaaagatttataagaagtttaaaaagataccataatattgaatatttggcagtattagagccacagggaagaggtgcttggcattatcatattttaattaaagaaaaggaaaaagacagcccttttatagaaatagacttattacataaactatggtcacagggcgcagtatttattgagaaaataaaagaggtatctaatctgggcgcctatttaacagcttactttactaatactgaaacaggaagcaaaaaaaatgataggataaaattatacccaaaaaattgcaatttttacaccacatcaagaggagtaataaaaccgaccaaagaaaaagcaataaaaagagaatttgaaaaagaaatattaaaagactatattttagtctatcaaaaagaaaagataataaaaaaagatgataaaataataaattcaataacatataaacattataaaaaattatga
>gene_53754|Putative Replicative protein
atggaaattaataatattaataattatgggcgcggaattatcaacatatacacaactaatgatattgtagaaacgatagaagtccaaaacccaagtaatatacaaagcagaattaaaaaagtagacaagaatagttatgtcgacctgcaaacaggcgaattaatacaatatcaaaaaaacgataccaaaaacaaagaaagtttattaaagacttttaattctttaagaagaataataaacgcaaattttgatacaaaaaatagcttatttttaaccttaacatataaagagaatatgcaagacctcgaacaagcaagaaaagatttaaaaagatttataagaagtttaaaaagataccataatattgaatatttggcagtattagagccacagggaagaggtgcttggcattatcatattttaattaaagaaaaggaaaaagacagcccttttatagaaatagacttattacataaactatggtcacagggcgcagtatttattgagaaaataaaagaggtatctaatctgggcgcctatttaacagcttactttactaatactgaaacaggaagcaaaaaaaatgataggataaaattatacccaaaaaattgcaatttttacaccacatcaagaggagtaataaaaccgaccaaagaaaaagcaataaaaagagaatttgaaaaagaaatattaaaagactatattttagtctatcaaaaagaaaagataataaaaaaagatgataaaataataaattcaataacatataaacattataaaaaattatga
>gene_30599|Initiator RepB protein family
atgaatagtaacgaaaaaatagatatcttacagaaacgagaatatttagttgttaagggaaatgagctgatacagcagaaccggtttgaactttcacttccggaacaaaaaaccatagcttttatctgttccatgataaagccggtagatgtggttgataaagctaacaaagttccttatcagcttgattatgagtttaacattcgtgattattgcaaggtgtgcggtattgattatgacgctggaaagaattatgcagacataaaagcgattttaaagcatttatctgaccgttccatgtggcttgatgacggaaatggagaggtattagttaggtggctatccaaggtaagaaccaacaaaaaaagtggtattgctaatataagacttgatgaagatttagtgccttttttgtttgatttaggacagaaatttacacagtatcagctttataatatccttgctatgaaatcagctttttcggttcgcctttatgaattgatgaagtcttatgcatttcagaaaagcaagatttttcaattagacgaattaaaaaaattgttaggcgtagagaatgtaaaatcttataatcgttttcccgattttcgtagaaaagttcttgaaaaagcacagcaggaaataaacgaattgacggatataaatgttatttttgaacctataaccaaagggaaaaaggttgtagagataatctgctacatacacccaaaaagtccaatagatagaatgatagcaggtgaaacagcaaatgacagattgggagcattggagtaa
>gene_8830|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgtttaacccttttaaatcgattttaatagttggaaaaaagggcggtggaaagagtactgatataacaaaaagatgcattgagaatcatgctaagacatttagctattatgataaggatgaaaagaattttttcaaacgttttaagaaagctaaatggaatatggtttctaactgcaaagtcaatttgccgtttccagttcagaaggttaacattaagatgatcggcgacttcattccaaagccgttcagctatattcttctggatgagattaaccttgtatgggataacaggaagtttaaggaatttaaagaaagtactcaggaatttttcagattagctagaaaattaagatgtaaagttgtaatgtatagtcagacatttgactgtgataaaaagataagagatcttgttgatgaaatgtggttgtaccagaataagctcggtgtttttacatacggaaaaagaataagtaaaataccggatatcagagagaatggaatgaatgctgaatcacagctggttgatgttattaaatttgattctattcttattccacattcaagaaggattacatggatacctaagtatataaagtattttgacagttacgagaatcttaacaataagccttatatttcggaagagtattggcctattgttgaaaagaaaaagagaaagaaaggagctccagcggcaaatggagaactcagacagagggaattactggacaatagtattattcctggacaatatggagaaagtaccagattggcgggaaaggttaattga
>gene_57067|Initiator RepB protein
atggctgaatacaacgaagaacttgaaaaaaaacgtgattacaaggtggtaaaggcgaacgaactgattcagaaaaacagatttgaactgtctgttcctgaacagaaaacaatcgcttatatctgctccatgattaagccgataacgacggtagaccgtgcaaatggtgttccgtatcagttggagtatgaatttgacatacatgaatactgtgaagtgtgcggaattgactataatcagggcaagaattatgcggatattaaagcaacattgaaacatttatcggaccgttctatgtggctagatgatggaaatggagaagtgcttgtgcgctggctgtcaaaggtgcgaacaaacaagcggagtggcatagcacacatcaagctggatgaagatttggttccatacctcttcgatttgggtcagcggttcacggagtaccagctacgagaaattcttggaatgcaatctgcttattcaatcagaatctatgaactgatgaagtcctatgagttcaagtacgaggttaggattgacttggatgaactgaagcggctgcttatggtcgaagatgtaaaatcttattctcgatttcctgatttcagacgatacgttcttgaaatcgcccagcgtgaaatcaatgaactgtcggacattaacatttcattcgagccggttacaaaaggtcgcaaggttgtacaaatcattttccggatagaattaaaaaatgcaatcgagcgttacattgccggaacaaagacgaatgagcga
>gene_28551|Initiator RepB protein
atggctgaatacaacgaagaacttgaaaaaaaacgtgattacaaggtggtaaaggcgaacgaactgattcagaaaaacagatttgaactgtctgttcctgaacagaaaacaatcgcttatatctgctccatgattaagccgataacgacggtagaccgtgcaaatggtgttccgtatcagttggagtatgaatttgacatacatgaatactgtgaagtgtgcggaattgactataatcagggcaagaattatgcggatattaaagcaacattgaaacatttatcggaccgttctatgtggctagatgatggaaatggagaagtgcttgtgcgctggctgtcaaaggtgcgaacaaacaagcggagtggcatagcacacatcaagctggatgaagatttggttccatacctcttcgatttgggtcagcggttcacggagtaccagctacgagaaattcttggaatgcaatctgcttattcaatcagaatctatgaactgatgaagtcctatgagttcaagtacgaggttaggattgacttggatgaactgaagcggctgcttatggtcgaagatgtaaaatcttattctcgatttcctgatttcagacgatacgttcttgaaatcgcccagcgtgaaatcaatgaactgtcggacattaacatttcattcgagccggttacaaaaggtcgcaaggttgtacaaatcattttccggatagaattaaaaaatgcaatcgagcgttacattgccggaacaaagacgaatgagcgattggacaagctttgtgattaa
>gene_13698|Plasmid replication protein
atgagagcaagagtgtttaatatcatgcagtatgagaagcacccgattaccggggaaccgctgatagacgaagacattatcaaggtggcattggcgcataagaccataagggaatgggcttatgtttgccatgaccgggatgtgtattccctaaaggatgaggcggacgatacttccggcagaatcaaagccggagacaccaaaccgagacattggcacattgtatgtaagtgtcagagtgctgtcgaagtgtccacgattgccgggtggtttaaaatcccggagaatttcgtggatgtaccaaagggagccggggctttcctcgattgcgtggagtacctcacccatgaggacacgaagcaagaaaagctcggcaagagacggtatgaggacaaggaagtctctgcttctttcgatttccgggcaaagctcaccgaaagagcaaataagcgtttgaagtacggtcgagacttagacccgaaagagcagatgcggtatgatgtactttacaacggaatgacgctccggcaatgccaggcagaagacccgttcctgtacatggaagaccttgaacggctgaagaagctccgcatggaatacatcggtagtcagaatcccccggtaacaagaatcaattactatgtgaccgggcgaggtggtgtaggtaaagggctgatatgccgggctattgcaagaagcctattcccacaatacaccgaagacgaagacatattcttccaagtcggagcaaagggcgcagcattcgagggatatgacggtcaaccagtcattatctggaatgaccgccgagctattgacctactgcaagaactgaacggcagaggaaatgtgttcaatgtgtttgacacccatcctaccaagcaaaagcagaatatcaagtacggttccgtaaatctgtgtaatgcggtgaatatcgtcaattccgtacagagctacggagagtttttggatggacttgccggagagtataaagacaaggacggcaatctccaagaggtcgaggataagggtcagagctaccgccggttcccgttcataacggtactgcatgaagaagacttcgatatgctcctgaacaaaggctttctcgataatacggcaaatttccaagagtacatggaatacaagaacatccggggaaatatgcaaaagatagcaatagcttgcggagcaaatgaggaactggctaagagattgcagaccaaagcggtcaagccgataacggacaaacataacgaggtactggaaaagatttcccatgaagctccgagtgaagcggagctgatggaaatgtttaaggatgtgggaaagaccccggaacagattaaggcggagaaccgggaagcaaaggacgaaaatcttccgggacaaatgacggtggatgattggatttcttccggggaaatcgatgaagaattaccgttcaaggattga
>gene_37873|Putative replication protein
aacagccatgcccgcgccctgcgcggtgaagtccacggttggtcctacggcgccacacggcgcaacaccgagttcctcatgtccatcagggaggaccgtctcacgggagccggtgtggccctgacgctcactcttcgtgattgccctccgacctccgacgactggcacaagctacgccgtgcgtgggagaagcggatggtgcgggccggtatggttcggctgcattgggtgaccgagtggcagcgacgtggagtaccgcacctgcactgcgcgatctggtttgacgccatgtatgacatcgccggcgcaatcgatgcctgggtggcagtggcaggcgtctacggcgccggccaccggggtcagcacggacgcatcattgatggccctgtgggctggttccagtacctcagcaaacacgctgcacgcggcgtttctcactaccagcgttcgatcgacaacgtgccagaggcgtggcagaaaaagaccgggcgggtatggggtaaaggcggagattggccagtgcaggaaaaggtcaggatcaaccttcaggatcagcacggcgacggtgggtggttcgcttatcgacggctcatgcggtcgtggcggttggccaacgccaggtcatcaggggatgcgtaccgcatccggtcagcgcggaagatgctcacctgcaatgacccagtccgcgcccgcctgatcggcttcatggagtggtcgccctacgaggtgcagatggcccttctggccaacgtggctgcccgcgggtactcgatcacctgctga
>gene_14520|Probable replication protein
cgcgcccgcctgatcggcttcatggagtggtcgccctacgaggtgcagatggcccttctggccaacgtggctgcccgcgggtactcgatcacctgctga
>gene_17927|Putative replication protein
atggtgcgggccggtatggttcggctgcattgggtgaccgagtggcagcgacgtggagtaccgcacctgcactgcgcgatctggtttgacgccatgtatgacatcgccggcgcaatcgatgcctgggtggcagtggcaggcgtctacggcgccggccaccggggtcagcacggacgcatcattgatggccctgtgggctggttccagtacctcagcaaacacgctgcacgcggcgtttctcactaccagcgttcgatcgacaacgtgccagaggcgtggcagaaaaagaccgggcgggtatggggtaaaggcggagattggccagtgcaggaaaaggtcaggatcaaccttcaggatcagcacggcgacggtgggtggttcgcttatcgacggctcatgcggtcgtggcggttggccaacgccaggtcatcaggggatgcgtaccgcatccggtcagcgcggaagatgctcacctgcaatgacccagtccgcgcccgcctgatcggcttcatggagtggtcgccctacgaggtgcagatggcccttctggccaacgtggctgcccgcgggtactcgatcacctgctga
>gene_58037|recombinase, partial
atgagttatgctatatgccgcatacaaaaatgcggcagcagccacgatatagctggcatacagatacacgaccgacgagaacgaacccatagcaacagtaaccccgacatagatttcagtaaatctcatctgaattacagcttatgtgacaattccaatggcagcagcttcaatgcctatattgataagcagatagctaaacggtacactggtaagaaagctattcgcaaggatgccgttcgtatggttagtgccatttttacctcagataatgatttttttgaccgcttaaccgtagagcagcagcgagaatacttccagagctgctatgaatgggctgtcaaacggtggggtgctgaaaatataatctcttctgaagttcatatggacgaagcaacaccgcatatgcacttggaatttgtacccttgactgctgacggaagattatccgctaaagagtgtataggcagtggcagcaaggcattacagcagttacaggacgatttttacaaggctgttggtatcccttttggcttggaacgaggcaaccgtgccgaccttacgaatggtgaaaagccccgccgacatcagagggtagcagagtacaaagagaacactaagttctatgagcgtgagaaaaataccttacaagccaccgtacaagccctacaagcgcagaaacaagcatacaccgatattctacacgctgcccccgaaaacgtcatagagggcattcctgtgccgtctgtagcgaaaattgctatcggaaaagaaaataaagacaagctgctttattcgccctcggacattgaacatcttcaagagcttgccaaagcttgcgccgttactgctgctgccaatgataggcgcagctctgaactggatcaacaagcagaacggcaggaacatatatctgcggagctgtcggaacgggagcatttaattaccattaaggagcagcaagcggagtatgctcgctcatcggcagaatgtaagctgaaagaagccgaggaaaagcaagcgttttatgagacgtctgaccctatgatacaacagttacagcagcgtgtgaacggtttaatagctgagaataacgggcttatacgagatttgcgacaggaacgaaagacaaaagacagcttaacagagcataatacagccttaaaggagcagttatcagaccaacaagagcagatacagcccttgcaacagcagaacggcgagctgtcggaacgtgtgagggtgttggaagaagaattgcaggagagaaagaagcagctgcaggagcttgagcagaagcacaagactattgaaagcctatatgataccgcttgcgaatgtggggaatatgtatgcgataaggtcgggttggattttgaccgcatattggatatgcgattagatgggtataggttatcttacatttttgacgagggcagaggaatgagcagataa
>gene_17117|replication protein, partial
atggcaaatgaaatagtgaaatatcacaatgattttaatactttagcattaaaaaatttcaattcacaagaactagatttgctaatgagcttgtttatgattgcaaaagaacaagatacaaaagaaattaaattatcttttgagcaacttaaaggaataagtaaatatcaaccaactgctaacagtagatttggcaatgacttagaacgtaccaacaggaaacttttagacttaaaatttagagcaatatcagaagatggaatgaaaattgctcaatttgttctattcacttattttgaaattgacttagaaaaattaacattaactatttccgtaaatgaaaaatttaaatggattttaaatagcttaacaagccattttacaagatttgaacttgaagaatttattgagttaaaaagtcagtatgcaaagactgcttataggtatttgaagcaatttagacaaacgggaatatggtcggtagatatagaaaaatttagagaagtaatggatattcctaaaagttatcaaatgagagatgttactaaattcatattaaaaccaatcgaagaagaattaatctctatctttaaaggcttaaaaatcatcaaaaaaacaaaaggacgtggaggtaaggtatttgccctagaatttatttggacggctgaaaaggtgcaaaatgagccaaatttaataaagtctattaagagccagaaaaaaactgctgataattacatcaggaatgaccgtacatatactgacaaagatttatttgacgtttttgaataa
>gene_2902|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaatcgacaaagcacggttctggacgggcgttctctatccagagaacatgaggccagactggcaagatgtcataggcgataccttgcagtatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaggacacagacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggcgttccccaataccaccacctacaaacacgccttgaatgtcatggacttgctttctgccgagggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctcatccatgacaccgaggactgccggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtaccccaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacatcggtgcctatgagcagctgggtaccgcagagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgtagttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagcggttgaccaggggcaattatcagcggtgggagcagcagcagcgtggtgttcgtgtgtccgtcacagaccaaaacacacgaaaaacacacacggaaaacacacaggaaaacacaccaatgtgttgtcctgggtgtggctcaatcgcagtcatcaaaaacggaaaaacccttgcaggagtagggcgtttgcgttgtaaggactgcggcaagtccttcgttgagcggtag
>gene_9305|Replication initiation protein
atggcagatcttacacacgatcaaagagtagcaagagaaaaaaagattatagaacacgaagacagcgactttgaaaaagagttatcttatcccgtccgcaaaagtaatgatatgatacaaaagagtagatatagtctatctttgcgggaacagaggttattattatatatcatctcaaagataaaaacagatgatacgggagaagaaagatacaaggttagtttcaaagatgccgttaagatttgcggcgcgtctgataaaggcgggttagcatacaatatagtttttgaagcgttcgccacattgagagataagggattcaccatttacacgaaaaaggggcgcgttcaatgcgcgttcatagaacaccccgaacaagatggggacggcaatatggaatataactttgacccctatgttgtgccgtatctatttcaagtcaaaaagcgtttcacgcaatacgatttaggaatagcgataagaatgaaaagcacatacgggataagactttacgaactattaaaatcttactccaacttgaaaactaaaagatttactcttgaagaattgcgggaacgattggacgcagataccgcaagttataaaaagaactatgggcttttcaaaaagtatgtattagaacccgcattaaaagatatagaaacttctgatttgcgggtatcttatattgagataaaagaaggtagaaaagttgttgctattgattttgtaattacagaggatgttatggcatactatgaaagagggttgttagatagtggaaagtaa
>gene_30990|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacggttttggacagctgtcctgtaccaagagaatatgcgtgccgactggcaagacgagataggcgatatagtgcaaacaccttacgcttattgttgtcatacccaggacaaggacagcaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgttcacgttatccttgcatttccgaataccactacatacaagcacgccatgaacgtgttcagcctgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagcactgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaacgtttatgattatctcattcacgataccgaagattgtcgcaaaaagggtaaagaactttacccgacagaggcgaggatcactggcaacaacttcgacataggagcctatgagcaactcggaaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggcgaagccatcagagagtatggcttcacgaactatatggacttctacgaatatgtggttgatacctatgaggacatcaactacatcgaggttatgaggacatatagcagccacttcgagcgattaaccaagggcaattaccagcgctgggagcaaagtcggcgtggtgttgagcgtccgtcacaagcccgtgttgctaaatgtgttgctgagcaacacgaaaacaacacggaaaacacacctatttgctgtccgcattgtggctctacgagcaccaaaaaaagcgggaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggcagaacgttcgtctga
>gene_53750|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacggttttggacagctgtcctgtaccaagagaatatgcgtgccgactggcaagacgagataggcgatatagtgcaaacaccttacgcttattgttgtcatacccaggacaaggacagcaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgttcacgttatccttgcatttccgaataccactacatacaagcacgccatgaacgtgttcagcctgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagcactgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaacgtttatgattatctcattcacgataccgaagattgtcgcaaaaagggtaaagaactttacccgacagaggcgaggatcactggcaacaacttcgacataggagcctatgagcaactcggaaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggcgaagccatcagagagtatggcttcacgaactatatggacttctacgaatatgtggttgatacctatgaggacatcaactacatcgaggttatgaggacatatagcagccacttcgagcgattaaccaagggcaattaccagcgctgggagcaaagtcggcgtggtgttgagcgtccgtcacaagcccgtgttgctaaatgtgttgctgagcaacacgaaaacaacacggaaaacacacctatttgctgtccgcattgtggctctacgagcaccaaaaaaagcgggaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggcagaacgttcgtctga
>gene_57464|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgccaaaaatcgataaggcgcggttctggacagctgtcctttaccaggagaacatgcgcgccgagtggcaagaggacataggagacatagtacaaacgccctatgcttactgttgccacacgcaagacaaggacagcaaatcggaacaccgcaaggaccacgtgcacgttatccttgcgttcccgaacactactacatacaagcacgctatgaacgtgttcggtttgctttccgccgaaggcaagcaagctctgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcatcggcattcgcaacgtctatgactacctcattcacgatacagatgattgccgcaagaaaggcaaggagctgtatccgaccgaagctcgtattaccggcaacaatttcgatattggtgcctacgagcagctcggtaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcctggagatgggtgaagccatcagagattacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctacgagtatgtggttgatacctatgaggacatcaactacattgaggttatgaggacgtacagcagccactttgagcgtttgacaaagggcaactaccaacgttgggagcagtcccaacgtggcgttaagcgtccgtcacaagcgcgtggtgctgattgtggtgctaagcaccacgaaaacaccacagaggatgtgcctgtttgctgtccgcattgtggctctttgagtgccaaaaaacgcggaaaaactcttgcaaataggcaacgttgggagtgtaaggactgcggcaggacgttcgtttga
>gene_26296|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaattgacaaagcgcggttctggaccgccgttctctacccagagaacatgagggacgattgggaagtcgctataggcgacgtcgttcaatatccctatgcttactgtaagcacacaatggacaaggactcgaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgtccacgtgatcttagcatttccgaatacaacaacgtataaacacgctttgtctgtattcgaattgctttctgcagagggcaagaaagcattgaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaacgtctatgattatcttattcacgataccgagacttgtaagaaacaaggcaaggagctttacccaaaggaagctcgaatcaccggtaacaattttgatatcggtgcatacgagcaactcggtaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcattcagatgggtgaagccatcagagaatacggcttcacaaactatatggacttttacgagtttgttattgataactatgaggatatcaattatctcgaggtaatgaggacatatagtagccacttcgagcgattgacgagaggtaattaccaacgttgggaacagtcccaacgtggcgttaagcgtccgtcacaagctcgtggacctaaaagtggacctgggtccacaaaaaagaccacagaggacccgcctatttgctgtccggattgcggctctttagacgtcataaagaagggcaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttgggcttgtaaggactgcggaagaaagtttgtctga
>gene_51163|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaattgacaaagcgcggttctggaccgccgttctctacccagagaacatgagggacgattgggaagtcgctataggcgacgtcgttcaatatccctatgcttactgtaagcacacaatggacaaggactcgaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgtccacgtgatcttagcatttccgaatacaacaacgtataaacacgctttgtctgtattcgaattgctttctgcagagggcaagaaagcattgaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaacgtctatgattatcttattcacgataccgagacttgtaagaaacaaggcaaggagctttacccaaaggaagctcgaatcaccggtaacaattttgatatcggtgcatacgagcaactcggtaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcattcagatgggtgaagccatcagagaatacggcttcacaaactatatggacttttacgagtttgttattgataactatgaggatatcaattatctcgaggtaatgaggacatatagtagccacttcgagcgattgacgagaggtaattaccaacgttgg
>gene_49709|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaattgacaaagcgcggttctggaccgccgttctctacccagagaacatgagggacgattgggaagtcgctataggcgacgtcgttcaatatccctatgcttactgtaagcacacaatggacaaggactcgaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgtccacgtgatcttagcatttccgaatacaacaacgtataaacacgctttgtctgtattcgaattgctttctgcagagggcaagaaagcattgaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaacgtctatgattatcttattcacgataccgagacttgtaagaaacaaggcaaggagctttacccaaaggaagctcgaatcaccggtaacaattttgatatcggtgcatacgagcaactcggtaccgccgagaagaacgagatgttcattcagatgggtgaagccatcagagaatacggcttcacaaactatatggacttttacgagtttgttattgataactatgaggatatcaattatctcgaggtaatgaggacatatagtagccacttcgagcgattgacgagaggtaattaccaacgttgggaacagtcccaacgtggcgttaagcgtccgtcacaagctcgtggacctaaaagtggacctgggtccacaaaaaagaccacagaggacccgcctatttgctgtccggattgcggctctttagacgtcataaagaagggcaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttgggcttgtaaggactgcggaagaaagtttgtctga
>gene_2204|Putative replication protien
atgaagggaggtgactttctcttcaaggcggcattagccgccgctcttttgctcccttctctctccccttatcccggccgcagccggtttctctttttgcttctttttctcttggagggtggatctatggcagtcaattggaagcagctttaccatgaaaagaataagtacctggagatcttctgtgaggaggcaaccccacgagacttctatcgtgacctatggccggaagggacgtttgaacgtgagggctgcccggaagatggcaaacctaacggtctggctctggagatcctcggcaagggtcgagcataccacaggcttatcacggatgggctggagcagctggatgagctcctggagaacgaattcgtaatcacatcccctgtaagctactatggtcgtcggaggacaggagaaaatgctcgttttgtttatgctctgacctttgatctggatggcgtagagatgcagcagttgcgagatgtgctgcatcagatgaatcacgatattctgccaaaggcgacttatatcgtcaactccggtcatggccttcacctgtattacttcttgaaggaaccagtgccgatgttgcctcatatccaggcatgtctaaaggagctgaagtatgctctgacgcggcagatctggaatcgctacacgagtaccagaaaggacgttgaggtccaaggaatcctccagggctttagaatgatcggaagtccgtctaagctgggcgtagattatcctgttcgggcatttgggtatggtggtcgtgtcaatctcgactatctcatggaatttgtgccggagacttcgggagaacgagagaagatcttcgctgctctgaagagcaagacttcacttgaagaggcgaaagaaaagtatcctgagtggtaccagcgccgtgtggttgagggaaagccgaaaggccgttggaaagtcaaaagagatctctacgactggtggctgaaccgactcaggaacgaaataagggttggccatcgcttctatgcaattatgacactcgctatttatgccattaagtgtggcattgaggaggaggagcttcgtgaggatgcctacagcctcctggatgactacgacgcaatgagcgagagcgaggataaccgtttcaccaaggacgacatagaaacggctctgactgctttcctagacagctattgtaccttccctagggatgatatagcgaagtacagtggtctgccgatgacgcagaacaagcgaaatgggcgaaaacggagagaccacatcgtcgttatgaacaaaatgaaggaagtcaaaaaaatgcttggagaggaagtccgcgaaggccgaccttcgaaggaacagcagattcaggagctgagagcagcgcatccggaggcatcgatcagcgaactgtccaggatctccggcatctccagaccgacgctctataagtggctgaaatga
>gene_32576|Initiator RepB protein
atgcttgatattacagagggtgataccatgaaacaggattcaaattacctcgcggagcgtcgccatagcattgtcgtcaaggccaacgaattaattcagaagagccggttcagcttgagcttgcagcagcagaaaattgtgctatatcttatcagccagataaacccttacgatgatgatttcaagctctatgagtttagcatagccgatttttgcaagatttgcgggatcgattatgagagcggaaaaaactattcggatcttaagaccgctatcaaagaaatcgcagataagagtctctgggtgaagctagaggacggaaaagaaacccttgttcggtggatagaacgaccatttatagacgataacagcggcctgattcagattaagctagattatctcatgaagccgttcttgttgcagttaaaatcaaacttcacgaaatatgagttgttctggacactcaactttaagagcaaatacactatacggctttatgaattaattaaaagcgtccattacaacgaagatgtagagttcgtgaaggactatgcgcttgatgatttgcgccgtctgctgggtgctgaaaattatacggtctacgcagattttaaacggcgtgtgcttgaaccatcaatcgctgaaataactcgattttcagataaaaacgtgacctttacccctataaaaagcggtcgctctattgcctttatccgccttgctatttcgacgaagggaacagtagagcgcgttcaggttcaatgtgagcttgaaagtaagtttgagtga
>gene_36680|Initiator RepB protein
atgcttgatattacagagggtgataccatgaaacaggattcaaattacctcgcggagcgtcgccatagcattgtcgtcaaggccaacgaattaattcagaagagccggttcagcttgagcttgcagcagcagaaaattgtgctatatcttatcagccagataaacccttacgatgatgatttcaagctctatgagtttagcatagccgatttttgcaagatttgcgggatcgattatgagagcggaaaaaactattcggatcttaagaccgctatcaaagaaatcgcagataagagtctctgggtgaagctagaggacggaaaagaaacccttgttcggtggatagaacgaccatttatagacgataacagcggcctgattcagattaagctagattatctcatgaagccgttcttgttgcagttaaaatcaaacttcacgaaatatgagttgttctggacactcaactttaagagcaaatacactatacggctttatgaattaattaaaagcgtccattacaacgaagatgtagagttcgtgaaggactatgcgcttgatgatttgcgccgtctgctgggtgctgaaaattatacggtctacgcagattttaaacggcgtgtgcttgaaccatcaatcgctgaaataactcgattttcagataaaaacgtgacctttacccctataaaaagcggtcgctctattgcctttatccgccttgctatttcgacgaagggaacagtagagcgcgttcaggttcaatgtgagcttgaaagtaagtttgagtga
>gene_55408|Putative replication protein
atgaagaacgaccacccgcgcgccaagcggggcgatgtggagggctggagcgatggggccacccgccgcaatacccgcttcctcatgagcatccaggaggaccagctcaccggggccggcgtcgccttcacgctcaccctgcgcgactgcccgccgaccgccgatgactggcaccgtctccgccgtgcttgggagatgcgcatgcggcgtgccggaatgctccggctccactgggtcaccgagtggcagcgccgcggcgtcccgcacctgcacggggccatctggtggccggatgcctaccgcaccagggatgtgatcgatgcatgggtggctgtcgccgaggcctacggggcctcccatcgaggccagcacgcccgaccgatcgacggcccggtcggctggttccagtacctgtcaaagcacgcggcgcgcggcgtgaagcactaccagcggacgtcggagaacatcccggaggggtggcagaaaaagaccggccgggtgtgggggaagtccggcgactggccggtgcgtgaggcggtgcggttcaacctcgaggatcagcacggcgacggcggctggttcgcgttccggcggctggtgcgcgcgtggcgcaaggcggacgccagggcagagggcagcaggcaccgaatcgcccaggcgcggcagatgctccggtgtggcgatcaggccctaagccgggtgcgcggcgtctccgagtggatcccgcagaacctcacggatgcgcttctggcgaatctggcaggtcgcggctacagcatcacctgctga
>gene_13065|replication initiation protein
atgacagaagaacaaagactcagagagatagaaataaaggcagagcgtgatagtttggtggtgaaagaaaactcacttgttcgtcatactagatatgatttaagtctatcagaacagaagattttaatttatatcattagtaagattttggctgatgataaagactttaagcatatcacttttcgcatatccgattatatgcaagtagcaggaattaaacatcgtggtggttctgcttatgagtatataaagagtagtattaagtcgctctctgataaaagttggtggttgaaaagttatgattcaaaagaaggtacaaaggaaggtttatttcgttgggtagatactgctgaaatatcagagaatagtggcgaagtagatatagtgttatcagagtctttacgaccatttcttcttgatatacgtggtaattttgttaaatacaatcttgtgaatgttcttgtactgcatagcaagtactcagtaagactctacgagatttttaaatcatttttatggttgaaaaaatacgaagtcagcttatcagagtttaaaaagatactaaacataacaggctataatgattatacagaactcaaaaggaaggtaattgtaccgagtataaatgagataaataaatatactgatttagatattgaatttaaagcgataaaaaagggaaagaaaatagataaattagcgttttatatcagtgagtcgcgcggagtacaactaacacttgatgtattactaaatcaggaagagagattgtctatatctaagcgatag
>gene_41900|recombinase
gtggagcgggaggctcatatcgacccgcagggcttccaccatattatgtatgacgagcctttaaaagacgcgtataagcgtcttttcgggaaagccgtcgagaggtacgacgctcggcaaaaaaggcaggacaggcggatagggagcgcagaagagtatctgcgacgtatcgagagggataaaaagaaaaacccctgctacgagctgatagtcggggtctaccccgaaaaggggcgggagtacgaggaagacatgacaagagtcctgcaggactacgctcagagctggcgcaagcgtaatcctaaccttgaattgataggggtttactaccacgcggacgagcgcggatatccgcacttgcatatcgactatatccccgtcgagtatcagcgaaaaaggggtctggataagcaggtgagtctgacaggagccttgcgtcagcagggctacgagacctgcgggcgagtgaccgcgcagatgcagtggacggcagacgaaaaccgcgctctggagcgcgtctgcggggagtacggctacgaagtagcccacccgcagcgcgggagcggggtacagcaccgcgcaacccatgagtatgctatgcagcaggctctggagcaggtcgcggagcgagacgctgcgctcagagacgcggtggagcttatcgaagacctgcaggagcgcgaagaagcaaggacaaggagccagtggggtcagagccagacagcatggcgcccgtctccgtctgcgcgcccgcgcagatctgagcgggcttgggagcctgaacggtaa
>gene_43878|Replication protein
ttgaaggactttgaaattcacgaagaacgaagtcatgttgttgttaaagctaatgagattgtacaaaaggcgagatatagcctcggactgtcagaactgaaagctttttcctttgctgtctccaaagtgaagccgaatgatgcgattggaacagaatacacttttactatcaacgaatattgcaaagtgttaggcatcgagacaaacaacggaaagaacataagcgatgttaaaaaaagccttggaagccttgtaggctcgtatttttggataacattggaagatggttcggaaactacaatccattggctagaaaaggcaacaatcaagcgaggaactgggaagataagtgttagattcgattcagacctacaaaaatatatttgtggcttattttcgaattatactcaatactctttgatacatatcttgcctatgaaaagcacatactcaatccggatgtatgagctgttgaaaagctatgcattcacaaaggcgcatactttcgaaatcgaagagctgaagaagcttcttggatgtcaacactatacgaggttccctgacttcagaagaaatgttttggaattggctaccaaggaaatcaacaacacagaccttgaaatcacatgggaaccgataacaaagggaagaaaggttgaagctgtccgattcagaatcaaaacgaggaaggatgccgaaatctattcgagcatagctgaagctaacaagaagcttgatgagcatcagcaagtgaaaggacaattaaatatttatgattatgaaaaatag
>gene_5377|replication initiation protein
gtgatagtattggaagaacagaaaaggcatacaaaaaaagaaaaccaaagatactttgtagtaaaagcgaatgaccttattaggaaaactcgttataatctaacgacacaacaacaaaaattggtcttatttgctatatcaaaaattagacctaatgacccaccagaaacaatttacgaactaaacatagacgaaatatgcgatgcgtgtggattagaaattgatggaggagggtattattataaagcaataaaagatgacctggtaaaactaacaacgcgtctttggataaagatgcctgacaacaaagaagcaactgttgcctggattagcgatgctgaaataattccactatctggtaaagtatatatcaagttccatccaaagatggcgccatatctatttgaacttcaagaacgctatacaatgtatcacctggaaaatgttctggtattcaaaagcagacactctattagactatatgaattactgcgctcttatataacaaataagatgctggatgaaggaatagaaaaaaatgtatcttataaactggatgaactccgggatatcctggcggtagataaatatccaagatgggcagacctggatagatttgtcattcgaaaggcaatagaagaaataaatctgtgtagtgatgaaatacatatagagtatgaaacatatagaggaactggacgaaacatagaaacaataaactttataattacaccggcacgcgccaggcaaattatgcgcgcacatatggaaagggacaaaagaatataa
>gene_38246|Replication-associated protein VP4
atgccttgttaccatcctttgtttggtttacggtctaagcattctgttaatgctaagactggcaagcctgttgttgatattatttctaagtatcgtcttcgttgtgttcttgataataacggtatatatcgttattattatgacggtataaaagtttccgatgattttgaggtgattactgttccttgcgaaaattgtattggttgccgtcttgaatacagtcggcaatgggctgttcgtataatgcttgaagccaagaagtatgatcataactattttgtgacgcttacttatgatgatgatcatttgcccgttaggtcattttataggactgatgaaaaaacaggtgaatgttttgaagatttttcgatgactctttgtaaggacgatttgaagaagtttaataaagatttacgccgatattatgagtatcattatgaccattatggtattcgtttctatgcctgtggtgagtacggtgctaagaataaccgccctcattatcatccaatatatttcaatcttcctattccagatttagagcttgatcccgaaaggtcaaagtctggtatgcctatatggaagtctgatacacttgaaaagatatggaagagaggtcgtgttcgtgtttcggagcttaattttgacacagcagcttatgtcgcaagatatgttacaaagaaacataaaggtaaggactcctccttttatgagtctcacggacttgatgaagagtttagcttgatgagtacgcaccctggtatagctcgggagtattatgatgaa
>gene_21612|Replication initiatior protein
gtgacgccgtccctttacgaggttaattatatcagccatttggttggttttcaaggtaaaagacgagttcacctgccctacgcatatgcggaaaggcaggttttttttatggcattcaatccgaaggaaaaggctcgttactgggcgggggttctttaccccgagaacatgcgtgatgactgggaagaccgcatcggtgagcttcttcagcttccctatgtgtactgcgtgcatgacaaggacacggacaaggcgggcgtgctccgcaaggtgcatgtgcatttgatggtggcgttccctaatacgacaacggcaaagaacgcgttgggcgtgatgtccacattgtccgcggacgagaagacagcgattagcacggtcgagagcgtcaagggcgtgcggttcatgtatgagtacatgattcataacacggcagatgcgaagaaaaaaggcaagtttcagtatcccgagacagcacgcattagcggaaacggatttgacattggctcctatgagcaggtttcggtagccgataaacgcgagatgttgcgtcagcttgtaagggtggcaaaggacgaaggcttttacaactttgccgatttgaacgatttcgtgctcgagatgatgcctgcggagtatttcgaagtgcttgtaagcaattcggggtatctcgatagggtcatgaatggtcgctatcagaagctcaagtatggcgaatgcgcgagcacgtcgggtggctacaaggtagaccccgagacgggcgaagtgttggacgagcagaaggaaggctaa
>gene_47835|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagacagtacgataaggattacgagatagcagttcgaagagagtacaaggttgtaaaagcaaatgagattattcaacatgctaaaaatgacttatctctcccggaattaaaaattcttgcatattgtatatccatgattaagccaaatgacgaaatgtatacggtttacgagttttcaattcaggattattgtagagtttgtggtcttgatgcctcaagtggtaagcattatactgaaataaaaaaaacttttaccgggttgctcgaaaaatgcttttggatgttaaaggctgacgggtctgaagtatcagtgcattggcttcaaaaggtaagcttaaatcgtggaagaggaaaaatattggttcgttttgatgaagacctacaaaaatatgtattcggtttatttgaaaattatacgcaatatgaacttttatatacgcttccaatgacctctcaatattcattccgtttgtacgagttattaaagagttatgcttttacaaaaaagcattgttttgatttacaggaattaaagagattgcttaatgcagttcattacgagaattttaaagatttccgaagaaaagtattagaagtcgctattcgtgaaatcaatctttttacggatttagaggttagttatgaacctatctataagggaagaaaagtgattcaaatagtattccatataaaggtaaagaatatgatgaatcagcttcagacaaaatatcgtgctcacgatatgttagatggacagatgacgattgaggattttcttgatgaataa
>gene_57852|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaatagacaaggcccggttctggacaggtgttctctacccggagaacatgagggaggattgggctgacgtcataggtgataccctacagtatccctatgcgtactgcctgcatagccaggatacggatactaaatcagagcaccggaaggaccacgtgcatctgattatggcgttcccgaacaccaccacctacaagcacgccctgaacgtcatggatttgctttctgcagaagggaagaaggcaatcaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccgcaatgtctatgattaccttatccacgacacggacgattgccgcaagaagggcaaggagctgtacccaaaggagtgccgcatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagctcagctgagaaacacgagattttcctggagcttggcgaagccatccgggagaatggcttcacaaactacatggacttctatgagtttgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatcaactttgtcgaagtcttccggacttacagcagtcactttgagaggttgaccagggccaattatcagcgttgggaacaggctcagcgtggtcttacaccacgtccatcacaagcccaggaccacgaaaagaccacggaaaagaccacggaaaacacaccttcttgttgccctgaatgcgggtcgattgacgtcataaaaaagggaaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggcaaaaagttcgtcgcaaggtag
>gene_27679|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcatcgtggcctgcggcgctggcaacaacaacaggggaggaggaagcccacatgcaaaaaacggtttgcgccaaattcggcacgctgcacaacgtcgttggccgcgtcgattacatcagcaaccccaagcgccaggagaacctgctgggcttctatcagaccccggaggatccaacgacgttctggcagacgctctccgctgagagccagaatcttgacaagtacaacaaggcccagatggaggaacacaaccggcgcgaaatggaacggtaccgcgccggcgaaatcaaacggccacgattacagaaaacggtcgaagcgcgcgaaaacatcctggcgctgccgaacgatctgatcgacacgatggatatgcaggagctggcgaagatcctcgcggatgacatcaaggctcggcatggcattgagtgtgcggtggccgtccacttcaacaaggctcgcaccaaccttcatgcgcacatcattctcccggaacggagtatgcttccggtttcggagcagagcatcgccactcggaacacttacttcgatgctgcaggcaagcgcagcacgaaggctgcgtgtaccggtgacgacggcgagctgctccccgggtgcagattggttcggaagggggaggctctgaagacgcgccttttttcggagaaggatgcgcgttttgcatcgaagggcttctgctacggtgagaagtgtttctacgcgaagatgttcaacacgttttcccgcgatcagtgggtcgtctataaccagtacacaaatccgcacatgaagctgatcaacctggttaagggagagccggcgaagctccgggcgtggaaagagaataaaaatcaaaagagacgtgagtacaacgcaacgatcgatcagatgatcgccgatggtgatatcacaaaggagcaggcgctcacgattaagaaaagggtgctgcaggaagaggcagatctccgacagctgaaggctgagcaggccgctgcctgggatgcctggcggaaggcgaaggaagaggcagatctgcagattgccacgcggaccgaattccatgaatggctgaactacaactctctgggattccgacgcagcgcaatcgagtgcttggttatccttggctgctatctggctggttacgatttgtacgaggatctgtatggcattgatgaggatctcgtcgttaaacctgtcaccaacagggttaaaacgattccggccgacgtgtatctacgtgccatggtggatgatctggcgattgctgccggccgcgagccgccgtcgtccatcctggcgcgcaggcagcaagagaagtatctgcaatgggcgggaaagagccctggcaccgatcctgatcgggtagctctggaagacgttttggccggagctgaagcagaacgcgctaccgatcggcagcgcaagagcctcgaacgtagggaacgttag
>gene_28513|replication protein RepB
atgaacagtgacgagaaaatagcgattgaaacgcacagagagtatcttgtagtgaaaagcaatgacttggtacagcagagtcgttttgagttatcgctgacagaacaaaaaacagttgcttttatatgctccatgataaagcccattgaagctttggatagagcccaaggagtacctttccagcttgagtatgagttcaatatccgtgattactgtaaggtttgtggtattgattacgctggtggaaagaactataaaaacatcaaagccaccctcaaacacttagccgaccgctccatgtggcttgatgatggggaaagtgaaacgcttatgcgttggttagcttatgtccgagtgaataaaaagagcgaaaaggtgctgatagagatagaccgcaccatagcaccttttctctttgacttgaaggaaaaattcacgcagtaccagctctacaacatcctcgctatgaaatcatccttttcggtgcggatttatgagttattgaaatcctatgctttccaaaagtccaagacctttgacttggacgagctgaagcgtttgctcatggtggaagatgtaaagtcttacgagcgttttccgagctttcgtcaaaaagtgctggaagtggcacagcgtgaaataaatgaattgactgatttaactattgattttgaaccgattacaaaaggcagaaaagttattaaagtgaattttatgattgctcaaaaaaatccaattgagaggatgttggctggtgctactgccaacgatagattgaatttgtaa
>gene_55347|Initiator RepB protein
tatgagttcaatatccgtgattactgtaaggtttgtggtattgattacgctggtggaaagaactataaaaacatcaaagccaccctcaaacacttagccgaccgctccatgtggcttgatgatggggaaagtgaaacgcttatgcgttggttagcttatgtccgagtgaataaaaagagcgaaaaggtgctgatagagatagaccgcaccatagcaccttttctctttgacttgaaggaaaaattcacgcagtaccagctctacaacatcctcgctatgaaatcatccttttcggtgcggatttatgagttattgaaatcctatgctttccaaaagtccaagacctttgacttggacgagctgaagcgtttgctcatggtggaagatgtaaagtcttacgagcgttttccgagctttcgtcaaaaagtgctggaagtggcacagcgtgaaataaatgaattgactgatttaactattgattttgaaccgattacaaaaggcagaaaagttattaaagtgaattttatgattgctcaaaaaaatccaattgagaggatgttggctggtgctactgccaacgatagattgaatttgtaa
>gene_28013|Recombination/mobilization protein
atgtcaaattttgtatgtgttagacatgagaagtgtaaagtatcgaataaagtcgcaaatgctgaaaaggaacacaagcgagagggtgagttcgctaaacgtgataatgtaataagtgagcgtacgaaatacaatctatattatagcaatgtcaataaagggagtatggttgaatggtttaaaaagcaacgaaaattatacaacaatactcacaaaaggaaattgcgtaaagatgctgtgcaatgtattgatagtgtattctgtttatctaaatgtgatatgcaagacattgacaaaatgatgaaagcaataaaattgacttataaagaaatacttggagagcataaagtacctatgaaagtttggattcatgttgatgagttgggtgagtgtcatggtcatggtatgataacaccgatagacaaaaacggtaattgtattactgacttgctgatgaaaaaaacagcattacaaaatatacaggatgttttttgtaagcattgtaatgcgttaggtctagaagttgagaggggtatatccaaacaagaacgatttgagaagggtatggctcaaaattatcatgtagataattggaaatttctaaaaagtgatgaaggtcaaaaatggcttaaagacaagacacaaattataaatgaattagaacaaaaagaactagaactccaacaacgcaacaaagaactaaacgacaaaaatcgtgcttttggtagtgcatacgaaaacaataatatgagtttagatgatttaatagatttaggtcgtttttag
>gene_41496|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggcaatcttccacctccacgcacaggtgataaagcgcagcgaaggacgttcgtccgttgctgctgctgcctatcgccttggcgttgcgttggaagatcctcgcaccggcctgcgccatgatttcagccgcaagggtggcgtgtctggctcgctgacgcttgcccccgacaacgctccggcttgggcatcggacccggctcagttgtgggccaatgtggagaccatcgagaagcgcaaagacgctcaactttgccgcgagttcgacattgccctgccccgcgaactgaccccccagcagtgtgccacgctggcccgtgcgttcgtccaaaaagagttcgttgaccggggcatgtgtgcaacgattgctttccatcacatcggtggagacaacccccatttccacctgatgaccacgatgcgagacattgaccaggacgggttcaaaaataaaaaccgcgactggaatgacaagcaatacctagaccattggcgagccgaatgggcacgctatgccaaccatgcgttgaccttggccaactcaccagcacgcattgaccaccgctcgttgaaggcccaaggcatcgaccgcgaaccgacccaacatcaagggccgaaggcgttcgccatgcaggcccgtggtgtggttgttgaccggttccgcagggtgatggtggacctcgtaaccatgctcaaagcccggagggtggcccgtcagggcctttccccttcccctcccatcacaaccccgccccgcaaggggtgggggatggggcggggccggtag
>gene_31019|initiator RepB protein
atgccaaaatatccgcattatgaagaatacaacgcagaaacagaacgcaatcaacttgtagcacaatcaaacaaatttattagagaaacacagaacaatctaacactacaacaacagaaaataatactttacataatcagcaaaataaaacctgctgacgatgatttcaaagactatgagatagatataaaggatttttgtaaagtatgcggtatagacgaaaaccaccacgaaaaccgcaagtatttgcgtgatagcattataaagctacacaatgcttccttttggtttataacagaagaaaaggaaatgttgcttgattggattcaaagcataacaatacataaagacagaaatactataacatttagattagataatagactaaagccgtatttattagagttaaaagaaaattttaccgcttatgaattaggaaacgcacttatattatcaagcaagcacagcatagctttatatcaattattaaagagctatgcgtatttagatgatgtatcatttactattgaagaaataagagaacatttacaaatagataaaaacaaatatccgctttataatgattttaagcggtatgtaatagataaagcaataaaagagataaacgaatacaccgacattataatagagtataaagcacgcaggagcggaagaacaacaaaatatattgatttctttattactacaaagcaaggcacagaaagaataacaagcagactaaacagggaaataaaacttgataacaggagcaataacaatggataa
>gene_17704|initiator RepB protein
atgccaaaatatccgcattatgaagaatacaacgcagaaacagaacgcaatcaacttgtagcacaatcaaacaaatttattagagaaacacaaaacaatctaacactacaacaacagaaaataatactttacataatcagcaaaataaaacctgctgacgatgatttcaaagactatgagatagatataaaggatttttgtaaagtttgcggtatagacgaaaatcaccacgaaaaccgcaagtatttgcgtgatagcattataaagctacacaatgcttccttttggtttataacagaagaaaaggaaatgttgcttgattggattcaaagcataacaatacataaagacagaaatactataacatttagattagataatagactaaagccgtatttattagagttaaaagaaaattttaccgcttatgaattaggaaacgcacttatattatcaagcaagcacagcatagctttatatcaattattaaagagctatgcgtatttagatgatgtatcatttactattgaagaaataagagaacatttacaaatagataaaaacaaatatccgctttataatgattttaagcggtatgtaatagataaagcaataaaagagataaacgaatacaccgacattataatagagtataaagcacgcaggagcggaagaacaacaaaatatattgatttctttattactacaaagcaaggcacagaaagaataacaagcagactaaacagggaaataaaacttgataacaggagcaataacaatggataa
>gene_17243|Initiator RepB protein
atgccaaaacaatatgctcctgctcctaaaagaaaagaatttttagaagcccaaaaacaaaataaacaatattattctattgtaaaaaaaagtaatgcaattattcagaaagcaagatactctttttctttacaacaacaaaaaatattatgttatctgattactaatttatctgataccgatactcacgaaactgaaaagaaatttgatataaagactttttatgattttatggaaataaactctaaaaattatgaccaagttcgtgaaaacctgaaagcactaagagataaatcgtggtttattatggacaaagatggaacagaaaccagtgtgagtttcttaaccaaaatcagaactaataaacgcaatggaactgctacagtatattttgataaggatattctcccatatcttcaaaatcttcgagaacaatacactacatacaagctatattacattatgacaatgaaaagtcagtacagcatcaggctatatgaactcttcaaatctgtgctcggtaagactaattggtatttttcaattgaggaattaagaaaaatatttatgtgcacatcgaaaagttatgatagaataaataatttcaaatcaagagttatagaaccggctatacaagaaatcaatgaaaaaacagatattttggttgattatgagtatgatacggaaggcagaaaggttgttggacttgattgcactataacatataaatctgccgatgataagctcgaggtcgatagacaaatcagacgagaactgaatgaataa
>gene_44936|Replication protein
atgcaaaaaaataattgcggcggaagttgcggcggaagtgctcaaggtaatactatagacccagaattttttaaaaatttatgtgaaaaaaatgatgttaaaaatgaggtcaaaatattggaatataataaaaatgctgatggtagtcaacaaaatccaactattaataaacaagccgacgaaattgcgaaaatttcaggcggcaaaaaatcagttaaaacaattatggcaacatattgggttgatagtaatgaaaaaagagagttagaatttaaaagaatatgtaaggcatgggattcatctagatatattttatatggtccaattgaaaggactgaagaaaataaaaaacctcattgccattgtgttatttcattcgcttcatctaaattattcagcacaattttaaaagttatgaaatctgatatgtatcatattgagccatgtagaaatttgccaaatgctgttgagtattgtttaaaagaaaatccagatgataaattggaatttggtacaagaccaaaacaaggcttgagaactgatttaaaaaaatgtcttgaagataatgcttataatattgagaatattaaagaaaatcagccggatttatattgcagatatagaacaggtttgacaggtatttgcgagagtcaaaataaaataaataatataaaaaaaagattaggagaatacaaaccagccaaagtcttttggcattatggtcaaactggtaccggtaaaactagagaagttttaaaggagattaatgattttattaataaa
>gene_57723|replication initiation protein
atgagtggcccggaagaactgataaccaggagcgatgtaagcagagcacaatcaatgtttgtggtgaagggtaatccgctgatccagagcagcacacaatccttttcactcttacaatataaagtgctgctatatctaatcagcaaaataaagcctacggacaacgacaaaacacagtatgtattcaatatcaaagacttctgccgggtatgtaatttagataccaccaaaagccgcacatacatccactatgtaaaagagattatccgggatataatgagctacacaatagagataaaattggatgatggtagcgattatatcacgcattggatacagaaatgccgcgttcatccagacggcaattatagaatacaatttgattcttcattgtctccgttcctattccgtatgagtgagttttatacgcagtataggcttgataatgttcttcctatgcgttcaaaatatggccttcgcttgtatgagctgcttgtttcatatcataatatggcccgtgaatacaccttccctcttgatgaactccgggaacgattggacgcaggaaaatataaaaccttcgctgacttccgggtgaatgtcctggaaccggcattgaaggatataaacgaagtgtctgatttgaaggtggaatataataccatcaaaacaggccgcaaaataacggcaatccgttttacttttgatatagtccatcaggaagaagaagtatatagacgcatagagcgtcaaaaacgcctgggatacggtgagaaattgaggtaa
>gene_4420|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacaggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattggcaagaggttatcggcgataccctgcaacacccctatgcatactgtcagcacacacaggatagggacagcaagagtgaacaccgcaaagatcatgtgcatctgattgtggtgttcccgaacaccaccacctataagcatgctctgagcgttatggacttgctgtcagctgagggcaagaaggctctgaacaagtgcgaagccgtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctcattcacgatacagatgattgccgaaaaaaaggcaaggagctgtatccggcagaagccaggatcaccggcaacaattttgatattggtgcctatgaacagctgggtactgctgagaaaaacgctatgttcatagagttgagtaatgctatcaaagacaatagcattttcaactatatggacttttacgagtatgttgtcaatacatacgaggacgtcaattacattgaggttatgcgctgtcacagtagccactttaatcgtctttgcgatggtaactaccagaagtggcagcagggacgtttgagtgtggatgaaagtagtgttttggtgtccgtcacaagtcaaaacacacaaaaaacacacgaaaaacacatgctaaaatgttgtcctgagtgtggttctattagcattataaaaaacggaaaaaccctttcacaaagccaacggtggcgttgtagggattgcggaaagtcctttgtctga
>gene_56373|Replication initiator protein
atgaaaacaccggaagaacatttagatttaataaaaaaacaaaattatatggttgttaaaagtaatcaacttatacaaaaaagcagatacgaattatccgttccagaacaacgtgcgattgcctatatatgctccatgataaaaccacgtacagcatttgataaaataaaaaattcaccatttgaacttgaatatcaattcaacattaaagactatgcagaaatttgtggaataaatgataatggcagagtctatgaagaaacaaaatctcttttacgcagcttaacacaaaaagtatattggattactttagaagatggttctgaaacaactgtgaattgggttaacaaagtgtggacaaataaacgtagtggaaaggcaagagtacgtatcgatgaagatatggcactatatctatttgaccttcaagaaaaatttactgagtatggacttatcaatatcttaaaaatgaaaagtcaatatagcatacgtctttatgaactttttcaatcatatgaatggcaaaaaaacaaaacttttgacattgacgaattaaaacatttgcttatggttgaaaatgtgaaatcatatgttgattttggaaagtttagaaaaaaagtattagaagttgcattaaatgaaatcaatcaatttacaaatcttcatgtttcgatggaaacagaaacaaagggaagaaaggttgtaaaagtaaaattttatataaaagatgtatttaaatctgcaagtaaaaacagacaaacactttttgacaatgaaaaactgtaa
>gene_27886|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcgcgattctggacagccgtgctgtaccaagagaatatgcgcgagaactggcaagaagagataggcgatatagttcaaacgccatacgcctattgttgccacacccaagacaaggatagtaagtcagagcaccgtaaagaccacgtgcatattatccttgcatttcccaataccactacatataaacacgccatgaacgtgttcagcttgctttctgctgaaggcaagaaagcactgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaatgtctatgattatctcattcacgatacagacgactgtcgcaaaaaaggcaaggagctgtatccaaaagaagccaggatcaccggcaacaattttgacattggtgcttatgagcagttgggagctgctgagaaaaatgcaatatgcaaagagctttgtgaagcgattatggagcacggctttatgaggtttggtgacttctacttgtatgttgtcggcacttatgaagacgtcaactactttgagacaataaagtcttatagcggcctttttgaaaggttgacacgttccaattatcaagagtgggaacgtgagcaaaattatggttctgaacgtgaaccgtcacaagcccagatccacaaacgtggtgctgagcaccacgaaaacaccacgccagtttgttgtccggagtgtggttctatggtcatcaaaaaacgcggaaaaaccgcgtcaaataggcaaagatggcagtgtaaggactgcagtaaaacgtggagctaa
>gene_41724|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgccaaaaagttatagaacagtcgaaattatgcaacagtgtaaatttggctttacgcctcaatttattaataacattatcaataaatttacttctattgaaaaatatgcatatattctacatgataaagataccaagacggatgggacacaaaaagagccgcatatacatttattgcttaggtttaagggtccagtgccaacaactaatatattaagtcaatttgataatactgttgttgttgaaggaatagaatataaaacagttaaggataataatttacagaagtgccataactggagcagtgctatagcatatctaacccattcaaatagaatagataagtatcaatataatgataatgatgttgtatctaattttaattggaaagaagataaaaataaagctttaaatcctatcaaggatgagaaattaaattctattattactgctattgacaaagagaaaatgcgtcgatataactatatggaatttgtaacggctcaggaatatgttagatataaaaagcaaatcgacgatgcttttagatatgttaacgatagaaacattagcaaagggagtgtgaaaaacatgcaagttatatatattacaggcaccagtggaagtggtaaaactacatacgctaagcgtttttgcgatgaacataattttagctattatgtttcaagtggttctaatgatattttggacggttacggaggtcaagatgttctaattttagacgatttgagacctagttcgctaggacttagcgatttactt
>gene_29123|Mobilization protein MobA/MobL
atgtctatcggtatgatgagaaccaatgtcggagcaaaaggcaaggctcaaccgcattacaattacatcatggcagaaggtagatataccaaaaaggcggacgaaatcgaatacaaagaaagcggaaatttgccacgctgggcgagagataacccagccgaattgtggcaatgtgccgacctgtttgagcgaaaaaatggctcgacttaccgtgaacatattatcggtttaccgcgtgagctgaaccaagcgcaacgcatgaagctagtaaaagaatgggtagttaacgaaatgggaaccaataagccgtactctttggcaatccataatacgattgcaagcgatggtcaggaacaaccagacttgcatttgatgttttgcgaacgattacaggacggtattgagcgaacaccgcagcaattttttaagcgatacaactcgaaagaccctagcaagggcggttgtcagaaagacaacacaggtaaaacccctcaacaaagggaattggaaattaaagcgcaacggctaagatggcaagaaatggcaaaccgtcatctagtcgaagcaggttttgagccgtctgtggatgtgagaaactggaaagataaggggttggacgaagcaccaaccaataaacctatgtggcaatggcaagccgagaaacgagcagaggcgattattgaggattatcgaccaaaagcaccagagccaataccggaaccttcaaaacctaaaccccaaccaagttatgaaagagataatagccctagctttggtttctaa
>gene_56352|Mobilization protein MobA/MobL
atgtctatcggtatgatgagaaccaatgtcggagcaaaaggcaaggctcaaccgcattacaattacatcatggcagaaggtagatataccaaaaaggcggacgaaatcgaatacaaagaaagcggaaatttgccacgctgggcgagagataacccagccgaattgtggcaatgtgccgacctgtttgagcgaaaaaatggctcgacttaccgtgaacatattatcggtttaccgcgtgagctgaaccaagcgcaacgcatgaagctagtaaaagaatgggtagttaacgaaatgggaaccaataagccgtactctttggcaatccataatacgattgcaagcgatggtcaggaacaaccacacttgcatttgatgttttgcgaacgattacaggacggtattgagcgaacaccgcagcaattttttaagcgatacaactcgaaagaccctagcaagggcggttgtcagaaagacaacacaggtaaaacccctcaacaaagggaattggaaattaaagcgcaacggctaagatggcaagaaatggcaaaccgtcatctagtcgaagcaggttttgagccgtctgtggatgtgagaaactggaaagataaggggttggacgaagcaccaaccaataaacctatgtggcaatggcaagccgagaaacgagcagaggcgattattgaggattatcgaccaaaagcaccagagccaataccggaaccttcaaaacctaaaccccaaccaagttatgaaagagataatagccctagctttggtttctaa
>gene_50220|replication protein RepB
atgaacagtgacgaaaaattagaaattctaactcaaagagagtacttggtggtcaagggaaatgaactcatccaaaaaaacaggtttgatttatccctcacagaacaaaaaacgattgcctttatctgctccatgataaaaccaatagagtcccatggtgtacccttccaactggaatatgaatttaacatcagggactactgtaaggtatgtgggattgattatgatgcaggcaagaattatgccgacatcaaggaaactctgaaaaggcttagagaccgttccatgtggttaaccatgcctgacggttctgaaagtcttgtgggatggctggcaaaggtgaacactaacaaaaaaagtggaattgccaagataaaactggatgaagatttggttccttacctctttgatttggggcagaaatttacccagtatcagctgtacaacatacttgccatgaaatcggcattttcggtgcgtctctacgagttaatgaagtcctatgccttccaaaaaactaaaacatttgagattgacgaacttaaacggctgcttatggttgaagatgtgaaatcatacaaagatttcagtcttttccgaaagaaagtattagagattgcagagagagaaataaacgaactgacagatatcaatatcagttttgaaccgattaccaagggcaggaaggtcattaaagtcaaatttcggattgaaatgaaaaatcccatggaaaggttacttgccggtgagaccgcgcaagaccgccttggggaattgtactaa
>gene_14331|Initiator Replication protein
atgcaacagcagaagatgcttttgtatatgatcagcaagatcaagcccaccgacacgatcagcacagaatatgagatggagatcaatcaattctgtgaagtcagcggcatggacatgaacaacggatattactataccaccctgaaggacgatctgaagaagatggcagatgcatctatctggatcagaatgccggacgggaaagagcgccttttcagatggctgaacacgatagagatcaacgccggaagcggaaagatcaaatacaaattccatgaagctacggagcagtatctttatgatctacactcacgctacacgaagtacgagctgataaacgtgctggccttcaggagtaagtattctattcggctgtatgagcttttgaaatcatataccaacgtgggacgtgtccgtttttcgctggaggaattcaagcgactgatggacgcagaaacatacagccgctttgtggatctaaagcgcaaggtcatagagatggcaaccggagagatcaacgaactgtccggagacatgagagttgaatacgcctttttcaaggaaggccggagcatggcagccgtcgagttttatatcgaaggtgtgaccatgatagacgagatcgtgaccagcaacagacgcaggaaaatcttaaacagagaagtccaaagaaacgggaagagctggaacgatgaataa
>gene_27286|Initiator Replication protein
atgcaacagcagaagatgcttctgtatatgatcagcaagatcaagcccaccgacacgatcagcacagaatacgaaatggaaatcaatcaattctgtgaagtcagcggcatggacatgaacaacggatattactataccaccctgaaggacgatctgaagaagatggcagatgcatctatctggatcagaatgccggacgggaaagagcgccttttcagatggctgaatacgatagagatcaacgccggaagcggaaagatcaaatacaaattccatgaagccactgagcaatacctttatgatcttcattcgcgctatacgaagtacgagctgataaacgtgctggccttcaggagtaagtattctattcggctgtatgagcttttgaaatcatataccaacgtgggacgtgtccgtttttcgctggaggaattcaagcgactgatggacgcagaaacatacagccgctttgtggatctgaagcgcaaggtcatagagatggcaaccggagagatcaacgaattgtccggagacatgagagttgaatacgcctttttcaaggaaggccggagcatggcagccgttgagttttacatcgaaggcgtatcaaggatagacgagatcgtgaccagcaacagacgcaggaagatcttaaacagagaagtccaaagaaacgggaagagctggaatgatgaataa
>gene_541|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtctgacttgcaaaaggtgtcgaaacataatttgagaagatttaagacgcgtgaagctgataatatcgtcgtgcttcgtggtagttccgagtcaatcgtttccgatgtcgctcggatctaccacgaggagttcgacgaagcaatcagcgaatttaataagggagtaccttgcgaaagacaaatacaagactatttaagccatgtagaagcgagtaaatacgatatggctgcagaagtaataatacaagttggagataaggatttttgggcgaatataagcgcagaaagacaaaaagaaatacttcctctgctaaacgcacaaattgaaaaattagaggagttagct
>gene_539|Mobilization protein
cctaactttaaagtggttagtgcagtagctcatttagatgagtcgagtcctcatttgcatatcgtcggtatacctattagcacggactataaaaaaggcttgaaaaaaagagtatcaaagcgaaaagtatttacgcgtgaaagccttcaaatgcttcaaaaagagatgcgaaaagccgttgcaatagaaatgcaaaagcttgaaatatttcaaggattagagctgaaggagaaggaaaaaggaagaaataaggatataccaaagcatagccttgacgcatacaacgagcttattgctttagtaaatgaattagagcaagacgaagccaaaaaggtcgaaaaaataaatgagcttattgagtattataattcacttgtcgatactatcgacgaagccgaacgaagcataaatataagtcgtgagatatcactttaa
>gene_56051|RepB protein
atgttcgataaaaagaaacgctctgctggcgaccaaccagagcagagcgaatcaaaacaggctactgatattatagcagacgagacatcaaaaaacaagggcgagacgacaaaaaaagacctgaagtctcgtctttggtggtgcgtggtctatccagaatcagctccagctgattgggtagacctggcgagacagactttcctccctggcttcatttcccccatacacgatggggatttattgccagatgggacacccaaaaaggcacactatcatgtgcctctgttttgggatggcccaaccacttacagcaaggcaaaggagaccatggccacctttggtggcatcatccagccaaggccagttggcagtatgcgaggcgtagctcgctatctctgccatctggataacccagacaagaagcaatatcggatggaggatgtcatatccctcaatggtgcggattacaccgcaatcattgagtctgcaggagacaagtacatagtacttgaggagatgcaggatttctgcgtcaagtatgaaatcatctcgttccatcagctcaacgcatatgcgaagaagcacagacccagcgattggtatcgctgtctgtgcgacaacggagcatatgtgatgcgtgagtttctcaagtctctcaaatgggagaaagagacctatggtcacatctcctcgattgatgagattgagtctcacatagctgatgtggacgcaggccgtgtgtcggtcaaccccgacacgggcgaagtcctcgaggacatttga
>gene_28092|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcattttgaaaaactaacattcatggcatcacgccaaaaaataaatcacgactttcgtcgctgcaccgataaacgtgaaaatgtcgacaaaacattgtcgcatctcaattataatttggggccaaaacatgacccatggaaatttctcaagcaccaaagggaaatgagcaaaaaaagcggcggtcgaataaatagtcggtcaatcatgtgcgtgtcgtgtgtggtgacattgcccaagtcattcatgggcgacccccgtgaattttttgaagccgtaaaaaaacaccttgacgaacatttcgggtcgcacaattgcattagtgcatgggtgcataatgatgaaaccgactcaatgccccatttgcattataaatttgtgccggttgtcgtcaatgaaaaaggagtccatcaatttaacgccaaaaagctcgtcaatcgcacttttttgcagtcatttcataaaaaccttgaaaacgatttgacggcgatttttggggcacctgtgggcattctcaacggtgcgacgaccgagggaaatctcacaatcccacaattgaaaaatcagaccaaaaaactcgttgaattgactcaaaaatacaaatcattggtgaatgaatataacaccttggttcgtcaattcaatggtttattgggtcaagaatgtgaactgcagaaagaggtcgaaaaacttcagcgtcgattggataaattgcacgaggaaaatgctcgacttgctgacgatattctcggcggtggttttgacgatttcgaccgctaa
>gene_37553|DNA replication protein
atgtgtgaaaagtcatatgcacatataggtcattttaagactagagttatagaaccagccatacaagaaattaataacaaaacagatatttgggttgattatgaatatgctacagaaggcagaaaaattgttggtctcgaatgtaccataagatataaatcttcagaagatacacttgaaatagacagaaaaataaggacggaattggaaaaataa
>gene_37549|Replication protein B
ttgtcaaaagaaattgctcctgcatctaaaagaaaagaattcttaaaaactcaaaaacaaaataaacaatattattctattgtaaagaaaagtaatgctattattcaaaaagcacgttattctttttcattgcaacaacaaaaaattctatgttatctaattactaatttatctgaaactgacacttcagaaaccgaaaaaaagtttgatataaaaacattctttgattttatggaagttgattctaaaaattatgaacgtgttagagaaaacttaaaagcattaagagataaatcatggtttattatggataaagatggtactgaaaccagtgtaagctttcttacaaaagtaagaactaataaacgaaacggaactgttatagtctattttgataaggatattttgccttatcttcaaaatttacgagagaagtacaccacatacaaactttattatattatgactatgaaaagtcaatacagtattagactatatgaactctttaaatcggttcttggtaaaact
>gene_29868|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatatacaaacatcattgttttcagacgattatctattggaagaagaacgcaatcagttagttgtaaagagcaacgcacttatacaaaagacacgatatagcctaaacacgcaacaacaaaaaattatattgtatttgattagcaagataaagcctgacgatgacgaactgcgggaatatgattttgatttgaaagatttttgcagagtgtgcggcattgaatacaacggaaagaattatgcgaatatcaaagacagtattttacagttgcacgcaaaagccttttggattgaaacagaagatgtagatactatggtatcgtggattgaaaaagcacggctttacaaaaaggacacccgcctgcaaatacggcttgacgatgatttgaaaccgtttttattacatctgcgggagcaattcaccgcttacgaattgcaatacatacttgtaatgcgtagccgttatagtataaggctatacgaatatctaaaatcatttgcggcacttgaaacaataacaatttccgttgctgaactaaaagaattgttagagtgtgaaagcgagtatagccgttgggataatttccgtatgcgtgtattagataaagcaatagcagagataaacaaatacaccgatttagatataacaacggagtttgtgcggcagagccgtgttatagataaagtaattttccatattgcaaagaaagacggaaacaccgcttgtattacacgcataaagaacaccgcccgcctaaatggtagagcaatagaggattga
>gene_54980|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatatacaaacatcattgttttcagacgattatctattggaagaagaacgcaatcagttagttgtaaagagcaacgcacttatacaaaagacacgatatagcctaaacacgcaacaacaaaaaattatattgtatttgattagcaagataaagcctgacgatgacgaactgcgggaatatgattttgatttgaaagatttttgcagagtgtgcggcattgaatacaacggaaagaattatgcgaatatcaaagacagtattttacagttgcacgcaaaagccttttggattgaaacagaagatgtagatactatggtatcgtggattgaaaaagcacggctttacaaaaaggacacccgcctgcaaatacggcttgacgatgatttgaaaccgtttttattacatctgcgggagcaattcaccgcttacgaattgcaatacatacttgtaatgcgtagccgttatagtataaggctatacgaatatctaaaatcatttgcggcacttgaaacaataacaatttccgttgctgaactaaaagaattgttagagtgtgaaagcgagtatagccgttgggataatttccgtatgcgtgtattagataaagcaatagcagagataaacaaatacaccgatttagatataacaacggagtttgtgcggcagagccgtgttatagataaagtaattttccatattgcaaagaaagacggaaacaccgcttgtattacacgcataaagaacaccgcccgcctaaatggtagagcaatagaggattga
>gene_43148|Mobilization protein
atgtggtcaaggaaaaatgcaataaaaaaaggagtggtctgtatggctaattttgcaaaatacgcaaggggttctgttacctcaatgacacaacattatgagcgaaaaaaaggaaaggacggagagtatttacggttcaaaaatcaagaaattgattcagagcggacgcatctgaattataaccttgctccagagcgtgaccaatgtaaattcatcaccgaacgaacagagagcctaaaggcacttaaacgaaaagatgtcaatgttctcggctcatgggttgtcaccgttccgcaagagtgtcctgaagagcatcagagagagttctttgagcaatgctattcgttcttggagaacaaatacggaaaggctaatgtggtatctgcatgggttcacatggacgagaacacgcctcatatgcactttgcgtttgttcccgtagtctatgacaagaagaaagaccgtgaaaaggtgtcatgtaaagaatgcgtgacaaagcatgatttggaacgctttcacggagaattacaagcccatttggataagtggagagaaaacaatgagtatgagttcgattgtgatattctgaacggtgccacagccaatggcaacagaaccgttgaagaaatgagagcggaaaaattagaggctcataatgatattgtagcgaatgctttggaagaggctacattcaagctgtcagatatttgcgatgagattaacaaggcgtatatggagcgtgagagcctcgataagagcctttcagacctgcactctgat
>gene_21007|Putative MOB protein
atggcacatatgaagaaatttactaaaggttcttctacaagaattattgaacattgtgaacggattaaagacgaaaaaggaaactatagaaaatataaaacagggtcagatattgacgacactaaaacaaaggaaaattacccttttaggctcaagggtcatgctgcaagcggtaaggaaagacttcaagaaattttagataatacttactgcatgaaaaggtctgatgtgaatgtaatggctgattgggttattacacttccgaaagattataagggtaatcagaagaaattctttgaggcttgttccaagtttgttgttgataggtatggcaaagatagttttgtaggcggttatgttcataatgacgaaagtcagccacatattcatttatgctttgttcctcgtgtctatgacgaaaaaaaagggcggtataaggtatgtgcaaaggaagttatcaataaaaaggatttagatacatttcatactgatttagaaacttatttattagacaagggaattgttgagaaagggcaaattttaagcggagtgacaaaggaaaccggaggaaacaaaactattccggagctgaaaaaattgagcgagaaagtcgaaaaggtaaaaggtcttgtaaaaagacttgatgaatatatacctgatgaggatctgaatgaaatctcggagattttagacgagattgacaatgagatcaacgagagtgaaaaagtaaaagagttggcaatcactccaacagtagttaagagaagggaaaaggtgagataa
>gene_9122|Replication protein VP4
atgacatatgatgaggaacataaaccatacaaagacgaatttatagacgataaaggaataacctggacagacccaggaacctggaacggatatttagaaccaatagacgtcatgctatttcacaaaagattaagacaacatttatcaagacatttcaatcatgaaggatatcgtttctattattgcggagaatatggcgaaacatatgaacgacctcattatcatgaattaatgtttaacatgccaatagattgtagagaccttaaatatttaagaatgtcaaaatcaggatttccaatatttgaatgtcaatggctctcagatacatggggaaaaggattagtaacagtccaagaatatcattggagcgcggcggcatatacggctagatacatcatgaaaaaacaaacaggcgattactcaagtgaatattatgcaatgcgaggacaaacacctgaaatggtaaatatgtctaggatgccaggcattgccaggatattctatgaacaacacaaaaatgaaatatatgacctagatgaaatagtaatgaaagtaggaaaagacactgtaaaaagtcttaaaccacctaaatactatgatagatgttatgacatagactatcctgaagacatggcaagaattaaaaagattagacaagaaaatgctaatgaagcagaaaaattgaaaatgtctaaaacaagtttaacactattaaaacaattacagctcgaagagcgtaacctggaagcaaaaaccaagatactcaaaaaaaccgaattttag
>gene_30121|Replication protein
atggctgaacaatataagactttagaggaatggcgcagagtttataaagagaaagatgcgcttatgcaagaatggggatattcagaggttactccgtttgagttttatcgtgagttattcccggagggcagccttcagaagaaaggggaacggaattgtggcaagggaaatatcgttgccaacaatctgatgcttactcgtagccgtaaaacgattatttctgatgatttagaggaccttaagaagctgatcggtgcgaggttcggtcttattggtccgttctcaagctttggaatcagctacgaccaggagagcgcacacaagctctttgccctggctattgatattgactatgtaggcaaagttcatctgaagcgtctgctccgtgagttccaaaactacgaacaggacaagccgaacagctggaagagaatgccgccaacataccttgtcagctccggcagaggtattcacctttattattttcttgatgagccgatagaaatgtatcatcatagggcaactgtgttgtcagagcttaaaatggctcttatcaagtacatgtggaatgaaagtacctctatgaaagcagataaacccgacaaagccggtatttatcaatgctttagatgtgtggggagcttgtcaaagatatgcctggataaagaccgtaagaagattgtaacgagggaatacccggtaaaagcttataaaatctcggataaacgcttttcactgtacgaaattcgggacagtatcgaaggctgcaagattgacattgacagcctttatcagaagccgcctatccctaaagggaaagtcagcagaacagaagcagcagagctgtggccggattggtacgaaagacgagttgtaaaaggagaacaggcacgaccgaagaaaaagacctggacttgtaatactgctctttatgagtggtggaagaataaagtcctggacgaagcaaaggttggcggtcgttattatacgattgttgctttgtgctgctatggcagaaaatgcggtatctctgacgggaagatccgcagagatgcgtggcagctctatgacaagctcgaatctattacagacgatgaagcaaaccattttacccggcaagatatgagagatgcgttggatattcttaaaaatccggacaaaatgaaaactattgagcataagcgtgaatggatttctgaaaaaacaaagatagatataccgccgaacagaagaagaaaaagaccgttaaagagagatgatgggacagcatttaaggctgccagggcggtacaagaa
>gene_15789|Replication initiation protein
accacgcgtattataccacaggtggattatatatgtcaagaagcagcctccgaaaactcggaggatttttttatggccaaaaacagtaaagaaaagcaaaaggagtacgatgccaagcgcgccgggcagcgtacgaggaactggacgttgatattctacccggaggatcttccggaggattggaaggagcggatcgacgcgttgcacgtgcgctggatcgaaggaccgctgcacgatcgtgacgtcaatgccgacggaacgcccaagaaggcgcatcaccacacgttgtttatgtttgaggcgatcaagaacgccgagcaggtcgcaagcatctttaaggagttgttcggggaatccgaggagggttcgattatcggtgtggctacaccgaaaagagtaaccgaccgaggatccatagtgcgctatatggcgcacatggacaaccccgaaaaagcgcagtatgacgtcaacgatatcgtcggacacaatggagcggatccggcggagctgcttcgttactcagcgaccgaaacgcgtgagatggtggtcgcgatggaggagttcatccagaacaacaacatcactaatctgatgcagttctcggagatgatcagatacgaccacccagagtggcacacactggcatccactaggatgacggtgtggttcaagagtatcgttgaggcaaatagattttacaccaagaggaagcccgtggagctacccaagtgcgaccacgagaccggtgaggtgattgaagatgacgtcaaagaagattag
>gene_20016|Initiator RepB protein family
atggaacaccgaaataaaacgaaagctgaccgggaacaatacgttgtcaaggcgaatgaccttattaggcgcaccagatacagactaacaacacaacaacaaaaaattattctatttgccatctcaaagatcaagcccaatgatagccccgacacggagtatgaaatcagcatagacgagctttgcaccgcttgcggtatagaatttgatacaggcggatattattatagggccatacaagaagacctgaaaaagctcacgaatcgtttgtgggtcgaaatgccagacaagagtgaaacaaccgtggcgtggatcagtgatgctactatcataccgctgaccggcaaagtgtatgtcaagtttcatcagcggatggccccatacctttttgatttaaaagagcggtacactcaatatcatctcgaagacgtacttgttttcaagtcaaagcatgctattcggttgtacgaaatcctgcgctcatacacaacgcaaagagctataaacgaaggatgggagcaaacagttatgtttaatttggacgagctccggcatgtgctatccgtagagaattatcagcggtgggctgattttgatagatttgtgctgcgaaaagccgtggatgaaatcaacaggtgcaatgagcagatacaagtaaactacgaaaaatatagggacggcgcgagacgcatcacaaaagtgaattttgtcatcggaacgaaaagaccattagaaaagatagacgcaaggcgtgagaaaagaaaacgactggagcgttaa
>gene_53817|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaatcgacaaggcgcgcttctggactgcggtgctttaccaggagaatatgcgcgagaactggcaggaagagataggcgacaagctgcaaacgccttacgcctattgctgccatactcaagacaaggacagcaagtccgagcaccgcaaagaccacgtgcacatcgtcctcgccttcccgaacacgacaacgtataagcacgccatgaacgtgttcgaccttctttccgctgatggaaagaaggctctgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcatcgggatccgcaacgtgtatgactacctcattcacgatacggacgattgtcgcaagaagggcaaggagctctacccggcagaagctcggttcaccggcaacaatttcgatattggtgcctacgagcagttgagcactgccgagaagaacgagatgtttctgcagatgggtgaagccatcagagacaacggcttcacgaactatatggacttctacgagttcgtagttgatacctacgaggacatcaactacgttgaggttatgagggcatatagcagccactttgagcgattgacgaagggcaactaccaacgttgggagcaagcccaacgtggagttgaacgtccgtcacaagcccgtggacctaaaaagtccacgaaaagtccacaagaggacctgcctatttgctgccccgaatgcggctcattagaggtggtaaagaggggcaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttggggctgcaaggactgcggcaagaggttcgtctga
>gene_26721|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaatcgacaaggcgcgcttctggactgcggtgctttaccaggagaatatgcgcgagaactggcaggaagagataggcgacaagctgcaaacgccttacgcctattgctgccatactcaagacaaggacagcaagtccgagcaccgcaaagaccacgtgcacatcgtcctcgccttcccgaacacgacaacgtataagcacgccatgaacgtgttcgaccttctttccgctgatggaaagaaggctctgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcatcgggatccgcaacgtgtatgactacctcattcacgatacggacgattgtcgcaagaagggcaaggagctctacccggcagaagctcggatcaccggcaacaatttcgatattggtgcctacgagcagttgagcactgccgagaagaacgagatgtttctgcagatgggtgaagccatcagagacaacggcttcacgaactatatggacttctacgagttcgtagttgatacctacgaggacatcaactacgttgaggttatgagggcatatagcagccactttgagcgattgacgaagggcaactaccaacgttgggagcaagcccaacgtggagttgaacgtccgtcacaagcccgtggacctaaaaagtccacgaaaagtccacaagaggacctgcctatttgctgccccgaatgcggctcattagaggtggtaaagaggggcaaaacccttgcaaataggcaacgttggggctgcaaggactgcggcaagaggttcgtctga
>gene_17661|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgatgttattagaggtgatttttatggccatcagaaggcgcgatttagttgaaaaaagaaacgttttaaatgaaatacgccgcaacaatatgacgttacaagaaatgcgatttttcagcatatatctctcaaaaatcaatgccagggatatttcaacaagaaaggtttcttttcctcttgaagatttccgaaaaataatggaaataggaagaatgaacataaaccattttcaagcagtaaccaacggtttacttagtaaggttgtaaatgtaaaagatgaaaacggcggttatactggatttcagcttttcaaacgttgcaaggtttttaaagatgaatttgaccaatggtatgtagaaatcgatgcgcacgatgatgcattaccgttgatgtttgattttaaacgtgattattttacatatgaactttggaatgctttaagattaaaatcaagcaaccagcttcgaatgtatgagttgctgaagcaatatgaaacgatcggagaaagacgtttgcctctgccggaacttaaacaacagctcggtctggctccagacgattatccacgctgggataattttaagaggcgtattctggatagctgccaagaggcgttgcttgagaacacagatatttgctttgaatacactcccatcaaggtcggaaaaaaatttactggcgtacattttactattaagaaaaacgataattatgtagatcagcttacattagaagatttcatcaacctgcaagatatagaagaaataaaagaaaag
>gene_56440|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgtattcaaaaagtaaatttatagagctggcggattttatagaacatgagctacttcctattattctgataatattctttttgatactagcgttttttgggctgctggatagaaaaaaagaattaaatatgcagataaagaaaggacggaagagcaaagcacacggttatattttcggtcacaaaggagggaaatactactattctcctacggatgcagaaggaagtatagcggtttttggaggttcgggcttgggaaaaacaaaatatttcctgtgtccttcaatcaattctatgaatggaaccagcacaaacttggttatcgatatatcgaacgacatcagtaaagatgtaaacgacccaaataagctggtttatgaaatagaaaataaaaatagtactccttataatgtttttgcgtccatagaccaaatagcggatgtagacagaagaaacgaagcattaatgaaccttggagagcttctcatgccagtgacagaaaaaatgtctgatgctacaaaattttttacagaagaagggaaaaaaattttgcagagtgcgttggtttctttttatccgaaagagttctgtgaaatatgcgatatgatagtgagtagtagctggaactctcttttttcacttataaaagaaacgggaaatccgctgggaaataagctgattgaaagttttcgtggaacggcagaaaaaaacacagccggagcaaaacaagcggttgacaagaatattgttcttttttctgtgaatgcgaatattaaagaaaatatgcgcagacctaaagaaaatgaaatagcaatttctccaatgaccttggaagagagaagtgtatatattagagtcgatgactcagtaaaaaagctgtatagcagctgtctaaaccttattgtggtacaatgtttaaattatatagcttcccgtccaaattactgcaaaccgacaataagcgtcatattagacgaatttgtgtcttttggcaaaatggatatcacagaaacattgcgaaaaataaggaaaaaatctggtcgagtggtcatcctcactcagagtatggctgatattgatgaggtatatggaaaagatacacgaatggcaatgatgaataattttagatttaaagttattttaggtgtagatgatagcgacacgcaactatattttgcaaagctcgtgggacaggaaaaaactataaaacacagtttttctaccagcgcaagacagactacacatacacggtcagaagaagaagcgtggattataaaaccagaaaatctaggacggttaaaaaataagctggttttactgcacccagatggatatataattctaaaaaagaacattaaaaagcgaagaaaacagagtataatgtcaacctgtttaaaacaggactccggttctaaacgtgttgacaagcagaggctcggaaccaagtag
>gene_5921|Replication protein
gcgattgtggaggccaatttctgcaagcagcggctttgtcccgcttgcaactggcggcgatctctcaaaatttacggcaatacttcccggatactagaccaccttgatgagacgaaagggaaggagattaaatacttgttcctgacgttgaccgtgcggaacgtgcctcttgatcggctcggcgaccagattgacgccatggctgacggatttaagcgcatgaccaataaccgcgcctggacgcgccgggtgcttggttgtatgcggacgctggaggtcacaatcaatcatgagacgatggaggcgcacccgcattatcacctgatcttggccgtccggagggagtacgcgaccagaggggacgcgacgtactgggaccatgcgcactgggttgcggcatggcaaaaagcttgtcgtttggattacacgccaaacgtcagcattgagagagttcgcggccggcgctctggcgttgctgaggtctccaaatacatggtaaaggatacggattacatcgtgtccgcttgggaggctcagcttgggacggaggaggcagaggccgcgactgattacatcgtgcgacacctgcaacaacagatgcgcgggcggcgactgatcgcatacaccgggatactgcgggatgcacaacgggccttgcggattagcgacccggagcgcggagacctgaccgacgatatacgaggcgacattgtcagcgccattcggcattatcattggcacgctggccttggcgcatacagaccaacacaggagggataa
>gene_55051|initiator RepB protein
atgtcgcagcttatcacacagaaagatataaaccaggctcgtcagatgtatgtcgtaatgagtaacgacattatccagcgaagcacctattccctgaaaggaatggaacacaaggttattagatacctgattagtaagataaagccctcggatcgtccatacacagagtatgagtttgatataaaagacttctgccgcctgtgtaactacgacacttcttcaagcggcacttacatcaggtatgtgaaagatattattgagaacataatgacccataccattcagatccccctggccgatggcagcctatatatgacccattggatccagtcgtgccggatccggcccacagatggcagctttatggttcaatttgatcaacatctttcccctctcttgttccagctcaaaagctactacacacagtattcccttgaatacatcctcccccttcgctctaaatacggcagccgcttgtatgagctgctgaaatcgtatatgaacctgggatccaaacacaccatttccattgatgaactgaaacaaagattaggtattgaaggtaaatatccagcttatgcggattttcgtttgtatgtaatagaaccggctcttgatgaaataaacaatatgaccgatattgcggtttggcacaagcctataaagcagggccgcaaggtgacaaagattgaatttacggttattctatctaattctgatgtgagagcgtttcaaacaaacaatagagaaaaggctttgaatggtgtaaaagaagaatga
>gene_29326|initiator RepB protein
atgtcgcagcttatcacacagaaagatataaaccaggctcgtcagatgtatgtcgtaatgagtaacgacattatccagcgaagcacctattccctgaaaggaatggaacacaaggttattagatacctgattagtaagataaagccctcggatcgtccatacacagagtatgagtttgatataaaagacttctgccgcctgtgtaactacgacacttcttcaagcggcacttacatcaggtatgtgaaagatattattgagaacataatgacccataccattcagatccccctggccgatggcagcctatatatgacccattggatccagtcgtgccggatccggcccacagatggcagctttatggttcaatttgatcaacatctttcccctctcttgttccagctcaaaagctactacacacagtattcccttgaatacatcctcccccttcgctctaaatacggcagccgcttgtatgagctgctgaaatcgtatatgaacctgggatccaaacacaccatttccattgatgaactgaaacaaagattaggtattgaaggtaaatatccagcttatgcggattttcgtttgtatgtaatagaaccggctcttgatgaaataaacaatatgaccgatattgcggtttggcacaagcctataaagcagggccgcaaggtgacaaagattgaatttacggttattctatctaattctgatgtgagagcgtttcaaacaaacaatagagaaaaggctttgaatggtgtaaaagaagaatga
>gene_13373|initiator RepB protein
atgtcgcagcttatcacacagaaagatataaaccaggctcgtcagatgtatgtcgtaatgagtaacgacattatccagcgaagcacctattccctgaaaggaatggaacacaaggttattagatacctgattagtaagataaagccctcggatcgtccatacacagagtatgagtttgatataaaagacttctgccgcctgtgtaactacgacacttcttcaagcggcacttacatcaggtatgtgaaagatattattgagaacataatgacccataccattcagatccccctggccgatggcagcctatatatgacccattggatccagtcgtgccggatccggcccacagatggcagctttatggttcaatttgatcaacatctttcccctctcttgttccagctcaaaagctactacacacagtattcccttgaatacatcctcccccttcgctctaaatacggcagccgcttgtatgagctgctgaaatcgtatatgaacctgggatccaaacacaccatttccattgatgaactgaaacaaagattaggtattgaaggtaaatatccagcttatgcggattttcgtttgtatgtaatagaaccggctcttgatgaaataaacaatatgaccgatattgcggtttggcacaagcctataaagcagggccgcaaggtgacaaagattgaatttacggttattctatctaattctgatgtgagagcgtttcaaacaaacaatagagaaaaggctttgaatggtgtaaaagaagaatga
>gene_6348|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
ttgacagcaaaggggaaaggagctatatttgtagtatcaaaagaggcgagcgacaaaacagatactactaaggagaaaaataaaatgtgtatgtatggatattgtaggataagccaaaagaaacagtctattgataggcagattagaaacatcaaggcagagtttccgcaagccgtgattattgaagaagcctttacaggaactaccacagatagaccgcaatggaataaactttataacaaggtaaaagacggagatacaattatctttgatagtgttagcagaatgagccgtaatgcagaagaaggctttaaagcctatgaagaattgtataataggggcgttaatctggtattcttaaaagaaaggcacattgacaccgagacttacaaaaagaccctgcaagggcttgtcagtcttacaaatacagaaatagattatattttagagggcgttaataaatatctaatggcgcttgccaaaagacaaatagagatagcatttcagcaggcagaaaaagaggttgaagaccttcacataagaacaaaagaagggcttgaaactgcaaggcttgcaggaaagcaaattggaaaagcaaagggcgatacttgggaaaccaagaaaagcaaagaagcaaagcagactattttaaaacattccaaagacttcggcggcagtctgggtgatgctgaattgctgaaactaacagggcttgcccgtaataccttttacaagtataaacggcagttaaaagaaaatactatcacaatggggtaa
>gene_7832|RepB protein
atggataaaaacaaaaaagaagcacctacccaaaagggaaaaagtgctcctgacttatcctcgcaagacaagtctaacacaaattccctcgaaaatcaagaaaaacttaatattgaggacttcaaagatttaactgaagcagaccccgaaagacccaacaattggaaggacataagaggcaaatttttctgttttgtcctgtatcccgaatcagccccgaagaattggagagaattacttaatctgtcgggggtaaaatgggcggtatcgccgttacacgagaatgacgtaaatcctgacggcacaaagaagaaagcccattatcacgtcataataatatggcagtcggatacaacttacaaaagggtagcagagtttacgcatgacgcactcaattcaacgtatccgcagagacttgtatcacctgtaggatattacagatacttcactcacgaagataatcccgagaaatatcagtattccgtgagagatatcgagacaggaaatggatttgatattgcagattacaagaaactgacgagagaacagatacttgagatgcatatgtatttaacgactatggtagtcgagagacatatcacagaatacgcagaactctgcattgagagtatgaatatgggatttgatgaatacgaatgtgtaacaactcacacattacatttttcaaatctctgtaagagtgtacagcacaagagaaatcttgaacttgaggaaatgcttaaggacaagtcaaaaaaagataacaggaggaaataa
>gene_16601|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgggcatggtccgtatgcactggctgactgaatggcagcgccggggtgtgccgcacatgcacgctgcggtttggttcgatgaaggtctagccgatcgggatcgcttcgctctggcaacgatcgtcacgcattggacagaagccgctagcgcctttggcgctggccggctggggcagcacgttgcgcagatcgacgatgcagtgggctggttccaatacctctcaaaacacgctgttcgtgggctggggcactaccagcggaacagcgccaacatgcctgccgggtgggccactacgggccgcatgtggggccacatcggggactggccgacagatgaagccatcgcgttccgcatcgaccaccagaccgccgccgcgctgcgccgaataatccgcgggtggcgacgggccgacgctcgggccgccggggatcgccgccgcattagatcggcgcggcgcatgctcaagtgcaaccagcgcgagctctcgacggtgcgcgggatctcggaatggttcccgcaagagttagccgacctggctttgctgaacctcgccacgcggggctacaacgtccgctgctga
>gene_4196|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgaaactatcaaatctgatgttcgttagatttgatagagagaaggaggcacgcgcaatgtgtaaagaatacggatacgcaagaatcagcaaaaagagccagtccattgataggcaggttcgcaacattaagggcgcatatcctggcgcggttatcgtccaagaggcctacacaggcacgaagatagagggccgcaaagagtttgagaagctgatagccagggcagacagctccacgcgcatcatctttgatagcgtttcccgtatgagccgcaacgcagaagagggcttccagctctacaaagaattgtttgcccgtggtgtggagctggtgtttctgaaagagcctcacattaacacagccacctacaaggcagctatggagcgtcaaatcacggccaccgtcagcagcggagacagcgcaacggatgagctgatagcagccatcacagaggccatcaaccgctatatgatgaagctggcagagcagcaaatcttcctggccttccaacagtccagcaaagaggttgaagatttacaccagcgcacccgtgaagggattgaaacggcccggctctccggcaagcaaatcggcgcggttcctggccgcaagctcaccgtgaaaaaggctgctgccgccaagcagcaaatccgcaagcacagcaaagactttgacggcacactcaccgacattgaggttatgaagctcgtaggcgtagccaataacacctattacaagtataaaagagaattgagagaagagctttctaacacttga
>gene_9137|Rep
atggataaaacacaatctaagaaaatcaaaataaaagaggaacgcaacgaacttgttgtacagagtaatgacattattagaaatgtcagaacattaagatatgatttaagtgttccagaacagaagttaattatatatttaatctctaaaatttgcgctcaagataaagactttaagagagttaaatttaatatatctgaatattgtgatgtttgtggaattcaaaagagtgggcgcgaatacgaaagaattaaacaagggattaagggtttaagagataaaagttggtggattaaagaaggtaatgcagaaatattatttggttggattgatacggcaagaatagaaaaatatgagacagttgaattagtgttaagtgaagcattaagaccatatcttttagaactaactaaaaatttcactacgtacgaacttattaatgttctttgcttaagaagtaaatacagtattagactttatgagattttaaagagttatctctggcttggtaagtgggaggtatctattgagacatttagagagatgatgtatataggggagaaatatcaactatataaagaacttaatagaaatgttatatgttcaagtattaaagagataaataaatatactgatttacagatagaatttaaaacagaaaaaaagggtaagaatatagacaaattaatatttgagatagaagaaaaacaaggttatcagatgacaatggatttattattgagtcaagaggatagattaaaaatcagagaaaaatga
>gene_931|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggacctcttctttattcaagagaatgttttttattcatgcacctccgtggtggtagtgattactatatttactactatcacggaggtttttatgtacgaagaatatttagacagattaaaaaatgaaggaattatacgtaacagaaaagaaggcaccattcaaacatacacagcaaatgtaaataagtttctaaactgggctgataagaatccagaggatttgactcttgatgattgtaggaattatatctgggaattgcgtgttaactgtgagttttcaactcagcactgcaatggagtcaattcagctttgaagtttttctttcggtatgttttgaaaaaaacatgggatcaggacattgttccacgaatgataaatgatatcgttcttccaaaagctatatcacttgaagaagtaaagaaacttattgatacagctacattggttcgcaataaagcaatcatttcacttttatattcatcaggacttagagtaagtgagctgtgtcgtttggagtttggtgatatatatttcagtacaaatcaggttcatatcagaggaagcaagaatcatcaggaccattggacaatactatctgaaacatcaaaagatttactcatgcagtattggaaaagttatcccgtaaaaagacagtatgtatttgtcaaatccagaggtaaaggggatagagagcgtcttgaatcaagcggtgttgagataatgctcaggaaagtttctgcctctgtcggtttagaaggagtgacaccacat
>gene_14464|Replication protein
atgaaattaagtgagcgacagtatctgcaggtcgaagccgcgcgacagatggaagtctataagcgtgacgatatgatacagaacgcccggtacgctttgtctgttcaagaaaatcgagcgatattgtatttgatgtccaaaataaagccgacagatagtgtgttccaggagtacacttttgaactcaaggatttttacgctatctgcggcatcgaaagcgacagctacacgaagctgaaggaaatgcttttggaattgaagaaaaaagtgtggatggcgcggctccaggacggaagcgaaagcgctgtgtcatggattgaagtggctcgggtaaataaacgctccggcagagtaacacttgggtttcaccgtgatatgatgaattacctgcttaaccttgctgagcaaggggtattctatacgagctacgaattgggaaacgtccttccgatgcagagccgctacagcccacggctttatgaaatccttaaaagttatcaaaaaaataaccgggaatggtattttgaggtcgaggatttgaagcggcaattggattgtcagaattacaagaatttcaatgattttaagcgctgggttttagaaccggcggtcaaagaaatccgcaagtatacagatgttaatatcgcttatgataccgtgagagaaggccgcaaggtagtcagagttgtgtttttcatgaaggctaagtcgccggaggctttgctggaaacacggaaagctatccgggaggaactggacggccagctctccatg
>gene_29346|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggggttacttttgacaaaagtaacaaaacttgatataatacagttactaaatcaggaaaggagctggacgttcatgggaaagagaatatcgcattgccagggcaagggaagtcttgcgcataataaccggacgttcactccgaagaacgttgacccggaacgcatgaaggataatattgtattggttcagcagccgatagctgaagcatatgaggagtgctttgggcaggcggtgaaggaatacaatgcaaaacaaaccaggaatgaccggaaggtagatgaaaactattttcggcatttgtttaaccgggatgcctgtaacgtagtgtgtaccggcgcgaataaacagaagtccttttatgaggacctgattcagataggcactatggaagacaccggcattggaactccggatgcggaggttgcgaaagagtgcttgttggagtacttcgaaggcttccggaagcgcaatccaaatttgcacgtattcaatgcagtgctgcatatggatgaggcaaccccccacttgcatatagaccatattccgttaggtcattataagcgaggtctttcagtccaaaatggtttagcgcaggctctgaaggaaatgggctttggttccggaaaggatgccattagtaagtggcgcgtttcggaacgtgaagtatttgaagatatctgcagaaaccatggaatagaggtagaagcccctcagaaggcgcgtggctactcttattcggttgaagaatataaaaccatgaaggaacaagta
>gene_8530|plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaaagatttgggagaaaaggagcaagagtttagctatgactacattatggagcttgtgaaatgggataagtcgcaaaatatcaatgtctttcacaatatgttaaagcgcatagtcgaaaaactccggcaagtaggtcgcacatgggatataagtgaagatgagtttgttgcttttaatctcttcagtacatttagaggaaacaagcaaaaaaggacgcttacagtacgagtaaatcccgaatttataggcgttcttaataattatttgggacattatacaagctttgaacttaaggagtatgtgggtcttgagggtagatatacgaaacagctttatcagcaactacggcaaagatatatatggcaaggacatttttggaatccaactatcgaagaatttcgaaaagtgctatccatccccgaaaaactgaaagtaaaagacattacacgagatatcgtaaatcactccgttgaaatcataaagacctgtagaggatttaaagagttaaaggtcgaagtcataaaagcaaagcgccgaggaagtccggtaataggatataaattcacatggacagaaaagggtcagatagtcggccagctgcatcttgacgatatggattataacgaaccacagcagaagaacaaaagaaaagaaaagcccaagaggactaagttttctaactttgatgagcgtgactataccgagagtgaccttgaagagatagccagaaagaagatggaaaagcaggataaggcaagaaaaaacaggaaatga
>gene_17081|replication initiation protein
atgccgcacggcaataagacaatagcagaccgcaatcaatacgttgtaaaggcaaatgacctcattcgcaaaacgagatacaacctcacaacccagcaacagaagattgtgctatttgcagttagcaaaatcaaacctaatgatacgagcgatacggtttatgaaattggactaactgaacttgccgcggcctgtggcctcaaaatcgacactggcggctattattactgggccttgaaggaagatatcaaggaactaactcaaagaagttggtgtgtaatgccggacggaacagaaagcacggtaagttggataggcgatgcggagatatctccaggttcttcgacggtcaaaatcacattccataagcagatggccccatttctctttgaattgagagagagatacacgcagtataaacttcaaaatgtgcttgccttcaagggaaaatacacgattagactatatgaaattctaaggtctcatatcacgcagaaaatgcttgatgaagggcgggaaagtgatgttcttatgcccgtttcctcattgagggatactttgatggtatccagttatcccaggtgggccgactttgaccgcttcatcatccgtaaggcggttgaagaaataaatcagtatgccgatgatatacacgttgaatatacccctatgaagaagggaaagagcgtttcaagtgttaatttcgtcattacaccggcaggaattcgccagcagatgaccgcccatcaaggaagtagagaacgattgaaccgatga
>gene_12942|MobA/MobL family
atggtggtggactttgccgttcacgaaccggagaaagaagaaggtggcatcaacaatcctcacttccacttcctgtgtcccatccgacctatcgagcaaaacggcaaatggggattgaagcaacgacgagagtatgtatttgatgaaaacggcaaccgcatccccgatggcaaaggtgattatgtgttcaacgccgttcccactaccgattggggttctgccgaaaccttggagttctggcgtgagcaatgggcggtgatgtgcaacgcaaagtttgaagaaaagggcttggatgttcgcattgaccaccgcagctatgaacgtcagggcgtggaactactacccacccgacatgaaggcccgacagtccgagccatggagaagaaaggcatcaagaccgaaaagggcgagttcaaccgatggatcagagccaccaacacctttatccgcaatctgcgaaagaatctgtcggcgttgtttgaaaccatcaaggagattaaggcagagctggacaagccgcaatccgatcccgtcatcattccgttgcaaagatatttcgatatgcgtaatgccaaagcctattcgcagaaagccaaggttagcaatctgaaggaactgaacgctatggcgaactatctaaaagccaacgagatctataccatcgaagatttggaaagccgtgtatcaacactgcgggacaccgtggatgaattgaaagcaaccatggatgcagaaactgcccgcatgaaagaaatccgcaaagtgcctgaatac
>gene_17113|Rep50
atggctaaaaacagcaaagaggttcagcgcaaggctgacgccaagcgcgcaggcatgagagcccgcgggtgggcgtgtattgtttacccggagagtgttccggaaaactgggtagagcttctgaatgaggctcatatccaaacgttgatcagcccactgcacgaccaggat
>gene_28846|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacggttttggacagctgtcctgtaccaagagaatatgcgtgccgactggcaagacgagataggcgatatagtgcaaacaccttacgcttattgttgtcatacccaggacaaggacagcaagtcagagcaccgcaaggatcacgttcacgttatccttgcatttccgaataccactacatacaagcacgctatgaacgtgttcagcctgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagcactgaacaagtgcgaggcggttgtaggtattcgtaatgtctatgactatctcattcacgatacagatgattgtcgcaaaaagggtaaagaactttacccgacagaggcgaggatcactggcaacaactttgacataggagcctatgagcaactcggcacagccgaaaaaaatgctatgttcatagaattgagcaacgctatcaaagataatagcatttttaattatatggatttctatgagtatgttgttaatacctatgaggacgttaactacattgaggttatgcgctgccatagcagtcactttaaccgtctttgcgacggtaactatcagaagtggcagcaagggcgtttaagtggagtttcagggtctgaaaacgctccgtcacaagcccaactccacgaaaactccacgcaagagtgttgcccagaatgcggctctacaagcattgtgaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaggaagccaaaggtgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaaaggttcgtctaa
>gene_25996|replication protein RepB
gaaaaggctcgcttctggacgggcgtgttatatccagagaatatgagggaggactggaaggacgttataggtgacaccttgcagtatccctatgcttactgtgtacatagcctggatcgagataccaagagcgaacaccgcaaggatcacgtgcatctgattgtggcattcccaaacaccacgacctacaagcacgccctcaatgttatggatttgctttctgcagaaggcagaaaggctatcaacagatgcgaagcggttatcggtattcgcaatgtctatgattacctgattcatgacacggaggactgtcgtaagaaaggtaaggagctgtaccctgctgaagagcgtattaccggcaacaactttgatattggatcgtatgagcaattaagtgctactgagaagaacgagatgttcttagaaatgggtgaggccattcgagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggttatgcggacctacagcagccactttgaacggttgacaaggggtaatcaccacaaggcggaacaaggacgcttaaaaaagcgtccgtcacaagaccaggtccacgatcaggtccacgaggtccacgaaaagtccatcgaaagtccaccgatttattgccctgaatgtgggtctataaatgttataaaaaagggcaaaacgcttgcaaataggcaacgttggggctgcaaagattgcggaaagaagttttcttga
>gene_51439|replication protein RepB
atggctaaaattgaaaaggctcgcttctggacgggcgtgttatatccagagaatatgagggaggactggaaggacgttataggtgacaccttgcagtatccctatgcttactgtgtacatagcctggatcgagataccaagagcgaacaccgcaaggatcacgtgcatctgattgtggcattcccaaacaccacgacctacaagcacgccctcaatgttatggatttgctttctgcagaaggcagaaaggctatcaacagatgcgaagcggttatcggtattcgcaatgtctatgattacctgattcatgacacggaggactgtcgtaagaaaggtaaggagctgtaccctgctgaagagcgtattaccggcaacaactttgatattggatcgtatgagcaattaagtgctactgagaagaacgagatgttcttagaaatgggtgaggccattcgagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggttatgcggacctacagcagccactttgaacggttgacaaggggtaatcaccacaaggcggaacaaggacgcttaaaaaagcgtccgtcacaagaccaggtccacgatcaggtccacgaggtccacgaaaagtccatcgaaagtccaccgatttattgccctgaatgtgggtctataaatgttataaaaaagggcaaaacgcttgcaaataggcaacgttggggctgcaaagattgc
>gene_14942|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcacattgccaaaaatttacaaggtcagccgttggacatatgtttgagcattataacagaacgggtgctaatcataatagacaagaacagaatattgatagagagagaagtcacgaaaactatattttatcatttcgtgatgatgataaaagtgataaagaatttttagatgatagattgagtgaactaacatttagacaccaaaaaaacaatgttgtatttgctgattggtgtataacattgcctaaagattttagaggagatgaggagagatttttctcattaactgctgaatttataggcaatagatatggacaagagaatatcattaattgctatgtgcatagggacgaaacaacaccacatatgcattgtgcttttgtgcctgttaaaacggataaagatggtatagagcgtttgtcaagtaatagagttaatatgcatgatttgaatagttttcatcatgatttagagcgttttttagagcatgaaaaatgtcacgcacgtttgttgaatggtagaacagaacaagagcatattagagcagataaggcagaatatgcaagggattatatggaaaaacaatttgaatattatataaaacaagaccctgaattttataataaaatgaatagatatatagagagagaaatggctattgataaagatataatgacaagagaaaatatagagagagatagagaaattgacagagatattgaacacgaacacaaccacaattcatgggataggtacacaccgaaagcgtag
>gene_6654|DNA replication protein
atgagtgtctatgaccggatcctggaacggcaggaacacctgaagctgatctgctcccaggagcagctggcatcattcgcactgtccagtcaggcgggaacgaaggagctggagctgctgatctcctatcttgatcttgtctccgcgaacaagagggcaaggagcatcgagatgctgcagaaatgctccaagatccctgtgatcaagagcctgaaggattttgacttctccttccagccgtccatcaatgagtcccagatcaggagtttcgccacactcggcttcatgaacaaggccgagaacatcatcttcatcggtgatccggggacaggaaagagccatctggcaatctcactggctgagctcgccatcaccgagggcaggaaggtctactacatcacgatgagcgacctgatcgcgaagatcgacaccgcattccagacaggaaagatcgagcggctgttcaggacaatgagactgcccggccttctggtgattgatgagatcggttatcggaaactctccctggaggagacggaggtgttcttctcgatcatctccaaccgctatgagcgtgcgagcacaattctgaccagcaactacccgctgagcctttgggactccatcttcagctcgaaggcaatgacgagcgtgatcatcgaccgactcctgcatcacggacatgttgtcaaaatccgaggcaagagttatcgtttgaaagacaagatcttgcaggaccctgtcccgcatggcgaatcaggtggcaaaaattaa
>gene_15246|replicative protein
atgtcaaatttcaataaaaaggccgtcaggccttccatgattggaggtgataaatacatgcatgttcagtatgaaaagaacggatcacaacttccacaaatcggagccacatcgatttccagacaaggaaatgtaacagaaatcattgagtatctgaaaaagcctattcctccgaaaatcacaaagctctccaatgatctatacatggatgaattcggagaagtccatgaatatcttcactctgaaaacaggtcacagaatctctgcggagtccgcaggacgattaaagagttgcgcgccatcatcaatgcaaactgtaccgatccggaaaactgcattttctggactctcacatatcgtgaaaacatgcaggatcataaaaggttgtacagtgatttcgatgcctacaagaaaagactgcaacgatactttgcctcaaaaggtatagttcgccctgagtatatcgcagtttcagaaccgcagaaccgtggtgcatggcatcttcacattttgttcctgtggcctcagaaacgccccagaattgaattttcagaagttattcccctctggccttacggaagtactcgcgttgaatacgtccgcaactgtgacaacatgggagcatatttctgtgcatacctcgcagatcttccgcttgaggatctccaaagcgttccggatcaggaaaaaggcgagatgcagcactgtgaaatcgtggaaaaagaaattcctgatccattggatcaggaaaagaccatcaagaagaaattc
>gene_35399|Putative plasmid replication protein
aacgaccaggagcgcggcctgttggccggtccggcgaacatcgtgggtgggcgcgtggtccagcggctcgaggccgccgggtgcgtggtccaggatgcctacgcgatcatccacgaccgggaccagcgggaggcgtgggatgagctccgtcagcgggtggtgacggagctcaagccgcggcacatccacatggtggtgcgcttcgccaaggacggcggcaagacgttgccggagctggccccgctggtcggggtggagccgcagtacatcgaacggcccggccggggcaggtggggctacgacaacatgctcagctacctgacccacatcaagtacgaggacaagcaccagtacgcgccgacggacgtagccacgatccgtggagaggattaccagggggtgcacgcgctccgtcaggaggcgtggctcaaggggcgggcctcggtgaagcggaaggcagcagatgagctgttcgaggagctgtgggagaaggcgttcaacggcgagatcgtcaaggagcagatcgatctcaacgatgactaccggcggtgctacgcgctcaaccgggtgaagatcgacgatgccctgaacagctacgcggacaagcgcgcccgagtcgcggcggacaagctccggcgcggcgagttctcgacggcgatctacttcgtgaccgggtccagcggctcgggcaagacgtacatggcgctggatatggcctacgccttcgtggagcaggccggggccatgggggagcggtggggcgtctacaccgcggccaccaacaacccgttggacaactgggcgggagaggaggtcatccttctcaacgaccttcgggcggacgccatgacggccacggaatggctgttgttgctcgatccgaatagctcgtctccggcgtcggcgcggtacaagaacaagctgaacgttgcgcctcgcgtaatcatcgtgacggcggtccttcatccgtatgagttcttcgcgcgggtcaagaacaagggcggcgagggcgaggtgatcgatcagttcatccggcggctcggttcgatcgtccatgtgatcgagacggatcgggccttcggtggtcgggcgtacgtcgtccagtcggtcatgaaggctcagcacccggacggccagggggcgttctgcttccagatgcccggggtccacggtggccccgatcgagtgctccgcatggcctacggtccgggcggatcgtgggtgctctccttcgatgatgcgcgggtcgctcttgtgcgtgcagggtggggccggttccatgacatgcccgcgttggagggcgtggactggtcccggttccacagtctgacgggcgcgccgttgcgtgcgctggagggtcgggacattcggcccgacactgtggtggctccggcgttgccgggggtcgcggaggaggtgggccaggaggcccccgacgcggcctga
>gene_16110|Replication protein, phage-associated
atggaaaggactagcactttgagtgtagacgagaatagcccggatcttaatatccgaggcgataatctgatcgacttcacagagcccaagacaaccgagcgaagcgaggttgtgccgggcgaccttggtaatacgcgagtagagtttccccccccctcgcttgacccccggctagctcggtttgctcgccgtgcggagtcctccaggattctgattgctaagcatctgcaagagactggcgaacggctgatttcccccgtggaatcagtaaatttagagactggcgaactgcgcaaaatcgaccgcgaagaagctcgaacgctgcttccgccccgcgtcgcacgctgttcctgggcactcggccagcaggtcacacttcacggttcagcagaagcacctgcgcactactccggtactgaacgctgcggatccatttcggcatgccctgtttgcgcaccggttattcgcaatgagcgtgctcgcgagatctcccacgcggtcaatgcccatcaaaaagctggtggcgccttggtcttcgtaaccctcacgatccggcatcagcaaaagcacccgctcgctcatactctcgatacggtcattcaaggatggcaaaaactgcttcgcggtgcgccatggcaaagattcacccaccgtcacagcatcgaagggttcgttcgctccgttgaaattacccgcggttctaatggctggcatccgcatatccacgcaatgtttttccttgaaaaagcgccaaataaagcggaactt
>gene_57032|MobA/MobL family protein
atggaattgtacttagatgcaaaggtaattggcaaaggtccgaaaggtagaactgcttgtggatcagcagcgtaccgttcgtgcgataagatcaaagataacaccggtcgtgttcacaactaccgccacaaaggtggctatgtaaccggtggggttgaattacctgcaggagcttctgcggaattgaaaaatcgtcaaacactttggcagcgacatgaatcaaaagatattcggaaggatgccgagctgttccgagaaatcacggtcgcccttccgaatgagcttgactatgaagcaagtgcttctgtcattcgccaattggccaaaccgttaaccgataggggaatgtgtgtgcagtgggatatccacgacaccacaaaagaaggacagcgcaatctccatgctcacgtgatggtgacaatgagaacgttgcagccggacggtaccttcggtaataaaaaccgttcctggaataaatataatggcggtcttaacattgccgatctgctccgaccagaagctgcacgtctgatgaacgaggagcttgccaagattggcagctcggagagagtagagcatgaaagttatgctaaacgtggtattgataagattcccaccaagcacatgggtgtggcagctacggccatggaacgcaagggcattgaaacaaacaagggcaatcagaatagatacatcgattttctgaacaagatccacgcagataacctgcgccaagttgaatcacaaactaaatccggcaatctcgaagatctgatttcaggagcaagggcgcagcaagacggcacggaaacattcaaggattgggatgcactttttgctatggtccgcgacacgcgccggggcagatctgctttaattaatgagctcgggaagttaaacaaggtcatttctgcttatgaacaaggcaacgaaagctatctgaaatgggcgggctgcgaacttgataatgaaatccagcgttcgtggttggagcaagctgctgatgaaaccaggatgaagataaagcagcttgatgttcttgaaaatctgctgctggatagtaaggaattgtataaagcacacaataaggctatatatactgcgaataaggttttttgggatcaatatcaaattgatcgcaataagtactggatgaaaagctgtttgcaacgtttgcatagtttagatggatatctctcatatttgcgaagcactatatctctttttgatataatttttgaaacagcagaaggcaaaaaatatttggaattgcaaagaaaaagttgggaaatccaggcgaactacgcaaaggcaagggcggaattaaagcagcagaaaaaggatttgaaagaacacaaaaaagatgcaaggcacgcacaacgtgatgagaaaaaggttgttcaggaaaagaaaaatcttaagagagaagatccggacgatcgttaa
>gene_19854|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggc
>gene_38087|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_13869|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_49596|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_54447|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatac
>gene_30559|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtg
>gene_32284|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_53036|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_18446|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_13010|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_3020|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_57308|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_16836|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_51277|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_28377|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttagga
>gene_19260|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcacgattttggacgggagttctctacccagagaacatgagagaggattgggaagtgcagataggcgatatagtccagtatccatatgcctactgcaagcacacccaagacaaggatacgaagtcggaacaccgcaaggatcatgttcacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccaccacctacaaacacgccatgagcgtattctctcttttatcggctgagggaaagaaggcactaaacaagtgcgaggccgtcataggcattcgcaatgtttatgactatctcatccacgacaccgagacctgcaagaagcagggtaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgagcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagttaggaacagcggaaaagaacgagatgttcttgcagatgggtgaagccatccgagaacacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactcgttcgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactacatcgaggtcatgaggtcgtacagtggtcacttcgagaggttgacaaggggcaactatcagaagtgggagcaggaacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcccagacccacgcagacccacgagaaaacacacaaaagtgttgccctgaatgtgggtctatcgacatcaagaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaaatcgttcgtttcgaggtag
>gene_19081|Plasmid replication protein
atggaaacagtcaaggcaaccaaaaccaagaaaccagcgggcaagacccgcggcgctggtcggtcgcgcacctgggcggctctggtctatccggagagtgccgcagaggggtggcgcgagaccctggaggagttacatatcacggggttcatcagcccattgcacgacaaggacgtcaacccggacggcacacccaaaaaggcacattatcacgttctgttgatgtgggagggtgtgaagtcagcggagcaggcgaaggaggtctgggacgctatcaaggcagtgccggagccgcgcccggtcaatagtgcccgcggctatgcccggtatctatgccacctggacaacccggagaaacaccagtacagcccggcggatgtggtcgcactgggcggggcggactgggaggcggttacacatctgccaacggacgattacgcggcggtcaaggagatgtgccagttcattcgcaagaacaaaatctattcatttgcggcgttcttcgacctctgcatggagacgtatgacgagtgggcgaatacgctcatccgcggcgggagccttggcattatcaaggagtaccaaaggtcattgtactgggaggcacaacagggcattcagcgggcggcagaagagcgccgggaggtgcagaagcgcattgaccgggaagacctggacgcggatgagacagagcgggaaaccgggatgccacggtttgacatggatagacggtttgacgcagatacgggcgaaattttaggcgaggagtaa
>gene_224|Mobilization protein MobL
atgacttgccgagggcaaatcgtgcggcctgccggcagcctaaaacacaaaccaaaacgggagaaaatacaaatggcaattttccactgtcatgcaaaatatttttcgcggagcaaaggccagagcgcaacccgtgcagccgcctaccgagcaggagagcgcatagaagacgagaggacaggcacagtcgcagactatacccgcaaggccgtagcccataaagaaatcataaccccagacggcagcccagcccctagccggtctgacttatggaacaaggccgagaaaatggaaaagcgcaaagacgccacagtagccagagaaatcgaaatagccttgccggtggagctcacgccgagccaacgccaagacttggcccgagaactggcccacacgatagccagggccgaaaattgcgttgttgacgtgtgcattcacgaaaaccaagggaacccacacgcgcattttttaacacccaccaggcaaggcgtagaactcgggccaaaaatcaacgctactgtaagcaaagcagagcgagaaaggcgcggactaaccaccacgccagacgaagaccttgccgccctcagagcccaaattgccgaccaaatcaacaacgcccttgaaagggtcggcgtggatcagcgcgtgaccgccggccgtctgaccgaccgagagcccaccattcacgaaggcccaacggcccgagccatggcagccaggggcgagcagagcgaccgcaccgcccacaaccaagccgtcagggcacga
>gene_1858|Initiator Replication protein
atggcaaacaaagtcgttaaagatagagaacagattgtagcaaagtcaaatgaccttattagaaaaaccaggtataatctcacagcacagcaacaaaagatagttctctttgccgtgagtaaaataaagccaaacgatgatattaaccaggagtatgagttttcaatttctgacctttgcgatgcttgcggattgaaaatagatgcgggtggctattactacaaaagtatcaaagaggatttaaagaaactgacccagcgtgaatggtgcgttatgccggacggaagcgaaaagacaatgagttggattggagacgcggacatattaccattacgcgggacggtgaagattacttttaacaagaatatggagccttatctttttgacctaaaagaaagatacacttcttacagacttcaaaacgttttgattttcaaaaacaaatatgctattcgtctgtatgaaatccttcgctcttttaccactcaaaaattgttagacaattttgtagagcgtgaagcggttttcaaagttgatgaacttcggcaactattacaggttgatttctatcccaggtgggcggactttcagcgttttattattaaaccagcggtggaggaaatcaattcttatagcgatgatattcatattgagtatgacacttatcgcggagatggacgaaaaatcacaactatttgctttataattaccagtccgcacgggatgaattatattaacgccaggacaaacaaaagaataagaggcttttaa
>gene_54906|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgcgaactaaaaaaagtagctctgcaagcgctgggaacgctaaacagagccataatcaagtcactaacagtatagcagaaactacggcaaaaggcaagggcgttggtaaaaataaatattgggtaggtgtcctatatccagaaaatatgcgccctaattggcaaaacgaaataggtgatattgttcaacttccatatgcctattgtcttcataattcggataatgatagtcaatcagaacatagaaaagaccatatacaccttattttagtttggcctgcaacaacgacatataatcatgcgatgtctgtatttaataagttatctgcagatggtaaaaaggctttgaataccattgaagcagttattaatattcgcagtaaatacgaatatttgatacataatacagagacctgcagaaagctcggtaaagagctttatcctgctgaatgtcgtattacgggtaataatttcgatataggcgcatacgaacagctaggagttacagaaaagcgtgctatgtgtaaagagctttgtcaagcaatcatagacaatggttttattaattttacagacttttatgaatatgcgctttttaagtttgacgataactatttcgaggttatgcaaacatatagcggattgtttgaacgcttgacaaaaggtaactatcagcgttggcaaatgggaaagctgaatccacaacccaaagtggatcccgaaacgggcgaagtcatcgacgatgacgaagtaccgttcacacctgtctag
>gene_19576|Replication protein repB
atggctactaatagcaaatcagtacaacgtaaagctgatgaaaagcgaaaaggacgtacaaggaatttcacggcggtaatgtatccggaggatttgcccgatgattggcgtgaacgtattgacagtacgcacgttaagtggattgaatcaccgttgcatgataaggacttgaatgctgacggacaaccaaaaaagccacatcatcacacgttattcatgttcgatagcgtaaagaccctcgaaaagtttggtgattatctcaaagacattttcggcgcgtctgatactgggtcaattattggcgttgctactccgcagactgtgaccgaccgttgcgcccttgtgcgttactttgctcatatggacaaccccgaaaaggcgcaatatgatgtaaacgacatcaagggacataatggcgcggatcctgccgagattctccgctacaatcagagcgaaacgctcgaaatgatgtcagcgattgaacagtatattgacgatgaacacattacggaatattcggacctgtgcaggcgtattcgtaacgaccgccccgaatggtattgtattgttgttactcgaaatactgtacattttaacgcctatgtgcgttcctgccgtcataaatggaaacaggcagaagaaacggaacagccagagcacgaccgtcaagacgttatagagggttggaaacaggctgtcaaggacggtttggcttatgtcgatgaagaaacaggagaatttcactacaagaaaggcggtacgaacgaatga
>gene_50561|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcgaaaacaacaaacacaaaaccccaaaaagcacggtactggactgggctggtctatcccgaggacctgcccgagaaaatgcgggagaagaacactgcgggggtggaaaaatgggtcgaggtcttgcgtgatagcctttgcccgttcctcatctcgccgctacataagcccgaccccgagaaggaagtggacagtagcggaagcgttatcttgaagaccaagaagccgcatcatcatatcctctactgccacgggaatacgacaacgcaaaacggtgcgaagatggcaatccccgatgggattattgccaacaatcaccttgaagccgtttcgagccagcgaaaccttgccaggtatttcctacaccttgaccaacccgaaaaagagcaattcgagggtgtgcctaaggacttgctgacggttttgaatggttatccgctggacttggagcgtgagatgacaggcgaagaggaacggcaaacgcttgtcgatattttcaccttgatgaggaaaaaccaaatcaccgaatacagcgaactgatggatagccttatggcgatggaagactggaaactgttcgattatgttgccagccatacaacgccggtaaacgcctacattgcttcgaagcggcatatcctcaaatgggaattggagcacggaaagaagaagattgggcaacctagcccgatagtggaggaagaagccgccaggacggacgagaacgccgcaaacgaggaaagccaagcaaccgagacagcggaataa
>gene_13032|Rep
atgggagaaaacaaaatcgtattggacagaaaccagtatgtagtaaaggcaaactcaattatcagaacaaggtataaacttactttacagcaacagcgcattgttcttttttgtatcagtaagataaagcccagtgatgatataggccaggaatacaccttctctattggtgaattgtgcgatgcttgtgggcttaaaaatgatgatggtggaacatattacagagaaatcaaaaaagacttgctaaaactctgcgaacgcagatatggtataactcccgatggaacattaaaaactatttcttggattggcgatgttgaaattacgccatacagcgggacaatttctattcagtttaataagaatatggcaccatttctttttgaactaaaaaacaattacacacaatacaaacttgaaaatgctttgatgtttaaaagtaagtattcgcttcatctgtatgagattttgcgtagtcatacaacacaaaaagcattagaccataatgtagataagttagttgaatataaagtagatgaactgcgagagatgttggattgtgtagaagactataagaaatgggccgaatttaacagaaatgttatccgtaaggccgttgacgagataaacgcctgttgcgatgatatccatattgaatacacaacggctaaaaaaggccgtagtatagaccgtatcaatttcatcatatcatccccaaagccgatagaatatatttctgctcttggtgaaagacgaaagaggttgttataa
>gene_32478|Replication initiation factor superfamily protein
attaaagttcctacgcctttcggagattatgcaatcgaatacagtgatgaaactatgatggctcgataccttagatgtatttctgaatctgccaaatttacacgtttagaccttgctattgacgataaaggttgtaattactatagcgtgaatgatgttcgtgaaatatgtgattctgaccgttgtacaacacgctttagaaaatatagaccggagtatgaacgttcctttaacggttcaattaccggaaatacattatatattggcaagcgtcaaagtgatgtatttttaagagtatacgataaacggctagaacaaatgcagaaaacgaaaaaggattgtggctttgattgggtacgctgggaattagagttgaagaaagaacgtgcagatgcggttgttgattatttattatctggtaagtctctcggttctgttgcaatcgggattctaagtaattactttcgtattgtcgtgaaagataataataatattacccgatgctctactgatccattatggcaacgctttatagaaaatgttgaaaagctacggcttaccattagtaaatcagaaaaaactttggaaagtaaaaaagaatggattgtaaaacagtgtttgccgtctatatctgctgttgttgcttatgaaaacggagatatgagttttataaccaatcgtttgcatgatgcattatggaagaataagaagtctattcttgataaagtattcactactaacccggagttgaaagaggaaatatattcatga
>gene_48112|Rep
atgggaaagaataaaacaatagccgaccgcaatcaatatattgtaaaagccaactccattatacggacacgctaccgtttaacgctccaacagcagcggcttgttttgttttgtatctcaaaaatacgcccacacgatttgacaaatcaagaatatactttcaccattgaggaaatatgtaatgcctgtggcctagatctggacagtggtggaatgtattacaagaccatcaaagaggatttaataaaactcacacagcggcaatggggtgttacaccaaacggagaacacataacattaagctggatcggtgatgtaaagtttacgccatacagcggaacgataaccatacagttcaataaatatatggaaccgtttctttatgacctacaaaaaaactatacacaatataaattagccaatgtcctggtattcaaaagtcgccatactctgcacctatatgaaatcttacgcagccatacaacacaaagagcattagatgaaggctgggaacgagaagcacgttatacagtagcagaattgagagagttgctagattgtgtggatgaataccaacgctggtctgaatttgatcgatgtgtattaaaaaaggcggtagcagagataaatgcctgttgcgatgatatacatatcgagtatgacacttataaactgggtcgtagcatacatagcattaatttcatcataaaaacacccaaagcaattgaaataatcaaagcaaagcagaagaagcatgagcggttaaaataa
>gene_37164|Rep
atgggaaagaataaaacaatagccgaccgcaatcaatatattgtaaaagccaactccattatacggacacgctaccgtttaacgctccaacagcagcggcttgttttgttttgtatctcaaaaatacgcccacacgatttgacaaatcaagaatatactttcaccattgaggaaatatgtaatgcctgtggcctagatctggacagtggtggaatgtattacaagaccatcaaagaggatttaataaaactcacacagcggcaatggggtgttacaccaaacggagaacacataacattaagctggatcggtgatgtaaagtttacgccatacagcggaacgataaccatacagttcaataaatatatggaaccgtttctttatgacctacaaaaaaactatacacaatataaattagccaatgtcctggtattcaaaagtcgccatactctgcacctatatgaaatcttacgcagccatacaacacaaagagcattagatgaaggctgggaacgagaagcacgttatacagtagcagaattgagagagttgctagattgtgtggatgaataccaacgctggtctgaatttgatcgatgtgtattaaaaaaggcggtagcagagataaatgcctgttgcgatgatatacatatcgagtatgacacttataaactgggtcgtagcatacatagcattaatttcatcataaaaacacccaaagcaattgaaataatcaaagcaaagcagaagaagcatgagcggttaaaataa
>gene_19783|Rep
atgggaaagaataaaacaatagccgaccgcaatcaatatattgtaaaagccaactccattatacggacacgctaccgtttaacgctccaacagcagcggcttgttttgttttgtatctcaaaaatacgcccacacgatttgacaaatcaagaatatactttcaccattgaggaaatatgtaatgcctgtggcctagatctggacagtggtggaatgtattacaagaccatcaaagaggatttaataaaactcacacagcggcaatggggtgttacaccaaacggagaacacataacattaagctggatcggtgatgtaaagtttacgccatacagcggaacgataaccatacagttcaataaatatatggaaccgtttctttatgacctacaaaaaaactatacacaatataaattagccaatgtcctggtattcaaaagtcgccatactctgcacctatatgaaatcttacgcagccatacaacacaaagagcattagatgaaggctgggaacgagaagcacgttatacagtagcagaattgagagagttgctagattgtgtggatgaataccaacgctggtctgaatttgatcgatgtgtattaaaaaaggcggtagcagagataaatgcctgttgcgatgatatacatatcgagtatgacacttataaactgggtcgtagcatacatagcattaatttcatcataaaaacacccaaagcaattgaaataatcaaagcaaagcagaagaagcatgagcggttaaaataa
>gene_35084|Rep
atgggaaagaataaaacaatagccgaccgcaatcaatatattgtaaaagccaactccattatacggacacgctaccgtttaacgctccaacagcagcggcttgttttgttttgtatctcaaaaatacgcccacacgatttgacaaatcaagaatatactttcaccattgaggaaatatgtaatgcctgtggcctagatctggacagtggtggaatgtattacaagaccatcaaagaggatttaataaaactcacacagcggcaatggggtgttacaccaaacggagaacacataacattaagctggatcggtgatgtaaagtttacgccatacagcggaacgataaccatacagttcaataaatatatggaaccgtttctttatgacctacaaaaaaactatacacaatataaattagccaatgtcctggtattcaaaagtcgccatactctgcacctatatgaaatcttacgcagccatacaacacaaagagcattagatgaaggctgggaacgagaagcacgttatacagtagcagaattgagagagttgctagattgtgtggatgaataccaacgctggtctgaatttgatcgatgtgtattaaaaaaggcggtagcagagataaatgcctgttgcgatgatatacatatcgagtatgacacttataaactgggtcgtagcatacatagcattaatttcatcataaaaacacccaaagcaattgaaataatcaaagcaaagcagaagaagcatgagcggttaaaataa
>gene_22365|Replication initiation protein
atggtcaacaaaaacaaggtgaaagcagcaagggagtattttgttgtcaaatcaaatgagctgatccagaagggcagatacaacctgacaactcagcagcagaagattgttctgtatgctatcagcaagatcaagaagggcgatgatccggcaactctgtatgaattgagcattgaggaattatgctctgtttgcggtttcaatatctctggcggttcatattaccagaacttgaaacaggacatgaggaaactaacaacaccggtctggattcaattccctgacaagtcagaatggacggtctcatggtttcaagatgttggcattgttcctctgtcaggaacggtctatgtcaggtttcatcaaaaaatatgggattttctgtttgatctgaaagaacggtatacacaatatcatctgtctgaggtgcttgttttcaagaataagtatgctatccggctgtttgaaatactcaggtctcatttcacacaggaagaattgaacaccggaacggaaaagacggtgacgatcagccttgatcatctgagagatcagctgtgtgttactgcttatccggcatggaaggaattcaacaggaacgttatcaagaaagccgttgatgaaatcaatcaatacacagagcagatgcaagttttctacacaaccggcaagacaggaaggtttgtatctgagatcagattcaccgttgtttcgccggattttgccgaaaggatgagccgttaccagaactcaaaaaaacggatgagctga
>gene_56603|DNA replication protein
atgcactatgcaaaggaacttaagttatctgtctttagagacgagttggaggactatatcaatatgggaatctcgaaaggttgggacagcgtcacccttatgtgtgaaatgttcagtaaagagatagagaagcgaatggacaaccgtaagcggcaaaggatcaaggccgcacagttcccacaaatgaagtatctgcaggatctggagcgagatgaacttcctcctgatgcaagagtaactcttccttcattggaaactttggagttcatcagagaggggcgcaacgtagttatgtatggtaatccaggcacgggtaaaacccacatagccactgctttaggtataaaagcatgcgaggcgggttactcggtactcttcaccactgttcctaggttgctgacccatataagggaagctaagcatgagagaaccttgaaaaaccttgaagctcgcttcgaaaaatatgatatggtaatctgtgatgagtttggttatgtgtcgtgtgataaagaaggcggagagttgctgttcaatcacttatcacttagagctggtaagaaaacgacgatcataacgaccaatctagccttcaatagatgggatgaaataataaaggataaggtgctggtaacagccatggttgatagacttactcacaaggctcatcttctgaatatgacaggcaagtcatatcgtgctaaagaaaccgaaaaaatgcttcgctttgactttgaaaagcaataa
>gene_2864|DNA replication protein
atgtctgagttaaatgagagaatccgcataatgcactatgcaaaggagctaaagttatctgtctttagagacgagttagaggactatatcaatatgggtatctctaaaggttgggacagcgtcacccttatgtgtgaaatgttcagcaaagagatcgagaagcgaacggagaaccgtaagcggcaaagaatcaaagctgcacagttcccccaaatgaagtacctacaggatctcgaacgagatgagcttcctcctgatgcgagggtaactttgccttcattggagactctggagttcatcagagaaggacgcaacgtagttatgtatggtaatccaggcacgggtaagacccacatagccaccgctttaggtataaaagcgtgcgaggccggttac
>gene_43655|RepB
atggctggaaataagtcaagcggtaataaagatactcgcactcgaaactggactgttgttttatatcctgaatctgctccagagaattggagagagattcttgatgatttacatatagaatggattgaaagtcctcttcacgattcagatctgaatgctacaggagaaaaaaagaaagcacattggcatattttaatgctcttcggtggt
>gene_56002|Replication initiation protein
atggtttctttggagtgcaattcaaagattgcaccaatgatacgagagcaaaaaggacgcttcttgcgttataagctctacaacaccatttaccttaagtcttacaatcagcaacgtttgtatgaaattttgaaacagtacgagcgcatcggcgagcgcaccgttacgcttgaggaactgagagcctatctaagtataggagaagacgaatatcctgtttggtatgatttttcgagcaaggttcttaaagtttctcaaaaagcattgaaagaaaaaactgatatatattttgagtatgtgcccattaagaagggacgcaaggtagacaaaatcaaatttttaatttataaaaaccacgaatttgttgaccagctgcagcttgacggttacaccaacaatgttggtgaaagtaacttcgattacgaagaaggagagataaccgttcgctctgatgactttgctgacgatatggagcaaatcggtatgtttgatgatgacgagcctctacacaaatacgaaaatcgtcactttgaatttttggccggagcttgcaattacgaattcaatcaaacgcagatggagatactgttaagcttagataccgttcagcgcctatctgatatttctcgttcgttagaagaaaatcagcttaaaaaacacaactatttgagccgcaaatataacgagctcaaattagcagcatccaaaacggagattgaataccgttttgcttatctcaagagtatgattgaaaatgacgatatattatga
>gene_29115|replication protein RepB
atggagcttgttaaaagtcgtgataatcagattgttaaacataacgatttggttcagaaaagtagatttgaattatctctcgtggaacagaaaacaattaattttttgatttcactaattccaccaaacgcaaccataaaagacttagagtatgagttccagcttcaagattattgtaaaatttgtggtattgactacaatcaaggaaaaaattataaaacggtgagggaaactcttcgtgaactctgcaagaaagacgcaattatgacattatcagacggaaccgacactcgtgttacttggataaacaagttttggagcaacaaaggaaaagggtgggcgaaaataagatttgacgaggatttagcaccttaccttttcgagttaagtaagaatacaactcgatttgaattactcaacatcttgccgatgaagagcaagtattcaattaggatttacgaaatatgtcgttcctggagtggattgaactcgcacacatacgacctggaggagctcagaaaacttttaatggtaccggaagatgaattatcaagatatccggatttccggagatatgttctcgaggtcgcacagaaagaaatcaatgagtatacagacttgaaagtatattttgaacctataaccaaagggcgaaaagtggttcaaattcgttttcatatcaagaaaaaagaaactattgataggctagagtctggctttaaagtaaatcaaattttagacaaagaaagtgaggacaaagacaatggataa
>gene_20629|Replication protein
aacccggttacgaagagtgagcttgagagagatgcgtaccagatcatggacttccttgagagcaagaccaacagcgaggacaaccacttcacgaccggggacgttcaggatgcactggaggcctttgaggataagtggatcaccttcccccggagcagcatcgagtataagtccgggataaccataccaccgcgtaaacggaatgggagaaaacaagaagtacacctgaggatagcaaggcagacacttgagatcctgaatgacgaaaacggggctgcgatgcagggcaggccatcggcggagccgatcgtccgggagtggcggcaggcacatccggacgggacgaaagcggattgtacccgggacactggcctgtcaaaaccgacagtgtacagacactggcaagaaatccggaggttgacgggtgatttaatgtcgtgtatcctgcgaaataggtag
>gene_30425|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgacagaaatttcagtacagagagagtataaggttgtcaaagcaaatgagattattcaaaaagcaagatatgatttgaatattacggaattaaaggctctttcttatgttttttcaaaaataaaacctacggataaagagttttccgagtacacattttcaattaaagattattgtcaggtgtgtgggattgattacaaaaacggcggaaattacgaatacataaaagaaacgctgaaaggtctgagagacaaatcattttggatacaagaagaaaatgggagcgaaacaacggtcggatggttgggtaaagttcggataaataaagggagcggaaaagttacaattcatctggatgaagatatgcaaaaatatgtggttggattgtttgataattatacgcagtatgagcttttatcgacgttgccgatgaaatctgcgtacagtttccgtatttatgagatattaaaaagctatgcatatcaaaaagggcacgtctttgaagttgaggagttgaaagccgtattggctgcagagcattacaagaacttcaaggactttcggaaaaaggtgattgaagttgcagttaaagagataaatcgctttacggatattgaaattatgtgggaaccggtaaccagaggaaaaaaagttgttcagattaagttcgatataaagcaacgcgattcatggggcaaacagctggcagacttggctgccacggaacaaattgagggacaattgtgtttggaagattattataggtag
>gene_9259|Putative replication initiation protein
atggataaggcaaagcaagatagaaattactatgttgtgaagagcaacgccctaatacagaaatcaagattttctttatcattacaggcgcaaaggtgcttgctctttgccatttccagaattaaattttcggacctcccatcaacagaatatacctttgccatcaaagacatttgcgatgcttgcggcattgatatgagaacgcacggtgattattacacgctaatgaagaaagaattgaaggatttacgcgataattctatctggataaccaacgcagaagggaaggaagaaaccgttagttggttttcaaaagtcaaaatcaataagggaacaggaaccgttagcgttaaatttgatgaaagcatagaggaatatctattcctgctacaaaaccgatacacgcaatataaattatcaacgcccctggctttcaaatcaaaatattcaatccgcctctatgagttattattatcttatatcaagaaaagtgatttggataacggtaaagagaatgaagtatcatttacgccagaggaattaaaggaacgtttagatgcgaataattacgcaaaattttacgatttccgccgctttgttcttgaaaaggcagttgatgaaatcaatacatattccgaagatattaatgtttcatttgattatttttatagagggaaaatagcaacgagagttaatttcataattacggatgcgggagcaacgcaggcataccgcgcaaggaaagccaagaaggaaaaatttgaataa
>gene_37197|Initiator RepB protein
ttgatagatagaaacgcaggagaagtgcgtttacacattgattcatacataaaaccatatttatttgagctacacacattctatacaaattataaattagaatatgtgttgccaatgaaaagcaagtatggaattcgtctatatgagtttttgagaagttataaatcaaaaggatttagacaaaggtggagtgtagaagaaataaggctaagaatagattgtgataagtatccgaatttcaaagatttcagggtgaatgtattagaaccggctattgaagatataaatacatttacagatattcaagtgaagtattcagccgtaaagactggaagaaaaataacagatatagagtttatcattttaggaggcaatgacgcagatttagaacgatactatgccagacgaaaagaattaggtgatgttcgatga
>gene_32733|RepB
atggagcaaaaggccattctatacattatcagcaaaataaagccaaatgattcagccgacacggaatatatttttaatatccgagacttttgtaaagcctgtaatttctatgaaaaatcagggttttattataactatgtccgcgaattgatggataatttaggcaatcataagctaacattagaacttgaagaaggaaaaaccttaataacacattggtttagcggagcattgatagatagaaacgcaggagaagtgcgtttacacattgattcatacataaaaccatatttatttgagctacacacattctatacaaattataaattagaatatgtgttgccaatgaaaagcaagtatggaattcgtctatatgagtttttgagaagttataaatcaaaaggatttagacaaaggtggagtgtagaagaaataaggctaagaatagattgtgataagtatccgaatttcaaagatttcagggtgaatgtattagaaccggctattgaagatataaatacatttacagatattcaagtgaagtattcagccgtaaagactggaagaaaaataacagatatagagtttatcattttaggaggcaatgacgcagatttagaacgatactatgccagacgaaaagaattaggtgatgttcgatga
>gene_54358|replication protein
atggataatttaggcaatcataagctaacattagaacttgaagaaggaaaaaccttaataacacattggtttagcggagcattgatagatagaaacgcaggagaagtgcgtttacacattgattcatacataaaaccatatttatttgagctacacacattctatacaaattataaattagaatatgtgttgccaatgaaaagcaagtatggaattcgtctatatgagtttttgagaagttataaatcaaaaggatttagacaaaggtggagtgtagaagaaataaggctaagaatagattgtgataagtatccgaatttcaaagatttcagggtgaatgtattagaaccggctattgaagatataaatacatttacagatattcaagtgaagtattcagccgtaaagactggaagaaaaataacagatatagagtttatcattttaggaggcaatgacgcagatttagaacgatactatgccagacgaaaagaattaggtgatgttcgatga
>gene_52174|Putative replication protein
atgaagcgcggcaacgtcgagggatggagcgccggggctgtccgccgcaacacccagttcctcatgagcatccgggagaacgagctcaccggggccggagtcgcgatcacgctcacgctacgagactgcccgcccacgtcggcggactggcaccgcatgcgtcgggcgtgggtaaagaggatggagcgggcaggtatggtccggctccactgggtcacggagtggcagcgccggggcgtgccgcacctgcacggggctatctggttccccgatgagtacgacacgctcacgccgatagacgcatgggtagagctggccggaaagtacggcgcccagcattgggggcagcacgcccgtccgatagacggcgcaatcggttggttccagtacctcgccaagcacgccgcccgcggcgtgcatcactaccagcgatcaggcgacaacgtgccgctgtcgtgggagctccgcacgggccgcgtgtgggggtattcgggggactggcctctggccaagccgcgccagtacggcctacagggagcagaaggggacgggggctggttccgactgcggcggctggtccggtcatggcgaaaagcggatgccagggcatcccaccacaaggtgagagggtggcggatcagctctgcccgccggatgctgaagtcgtcggagccggagctgtcgatgttgcgggggttctcggagtggatgcccgccgaagctgtccaggtgcggatgcttgcggcagtggccgatctggggcac
>gene_50819|recombinase
atggaagtggcttttcgtaattacatgcaccagatgtatagtgcagatatttccagaaaagtgaaagcaactcagcatatgcttatggaaaaaggaaagtatgtcagccactgtccttatggttatactaaaccaaaggggcagaagcatcagatggttcctaatccgaaaactgcgccaatagttagaaacatattcttatgggcgattgagggcaaaaaatccactgagatcgcaagaatgctcaatgaacgtggcgtgcctacgccgatgcagacgaaaaagacaaagaagcgtaagaatatgacaaacaatattatgtggagtcatcaggcagtcattcgtatcatcaaggattataaatacaccggggctatggttacatttaagtgttataacgaaaccatacgagcaaaggcacaaacacgaaactcgcccgagaattatgttattaacgaagatatgcatgaagctatcgttacacacgacgagtattacgcagctaatgatgccttgcgaaaggttaaaactcacgaaaaggttaaaactgatcgtcgtgacagagtgtattactgtggccactgtggtcgtcgccttcgaaagacatttgggtctgatgaatattattcctgtgcaacacctttatatattaagggagcatcatgtatctgcaataagtgtagatatcacgactatcacaaaccaacgcagtgtgcttaccaactatatcaaaaatcatcccgaattaaaggatatgaagaccattga
>gene_4464|Plasmid replication protein
gtgcctgatatagctgaagaattgcagatatcagagcgaacagtattgaggtataaaaaaacaacccccgcaccgcacttcgacaacggcacaggggataattcgattcgaactaattataccacacttttgacgaaaagggaagaggtttttgcaaaaaaaatcgaaaaagatttaatgcttttcgatgatcctactgagggatgggtttggcatttggataaaggcgatttacggctgaagcagtcgggcaactggtggtcggttgttgtatatcctgattcagctccgcccaactggatcgagaagctgaagagcaaaggctatcgaatagcaatatcaccattgcacgataaggacagctggagccacgattcgcctgaaatggtagatcctgaaactggggaaatcattccaaagggtgcaatttacaaaatgggcgatagaaaaaaagctcattggcacatcataattgtatgtgatcagagagtcggctacaaggaaatcaacggcgaaattcagagcatttgtcattgcccttatattcagaaatgcagaagcctgaagaacgcatacgcatatttcttacacgcaaatgctcctgaaaaatatcagggttatttgaaagaagaaatacagatcttcaataattttcatgttgagcctacaaaatacgagcagaacattattgcaatggaaatggtgaagctcatccaggaacacgaaatcattgaatggtcggattgcgttgaattcttcgctgaa
>gene_4736|replication initiation protein
atgggaagtctgacgcacgaacaaaagttattatacgcgcaaagaagcgaagcagaaacaacaccggcaacagaaaaggcgttgtcttatccagtaaggaaaagcaacgaaatgatacaaaagagcagatatagtctatcattgagagaacaacggttattattgtatgctatttcaatgataaaagaagatgacgatgggaaacaaagatataagattagcattaaagacgcggcaagaatttgcggacagactgacaagataggaaaactattaataaatagcgtttttgatggcttcgcaacattaagggacaaaggttttgctatctatacggagcgcgggacaaaaatacaatgtgcttttatagaacatccagaacaagacaaggatgggaatatagaatttaattttgatcgttatatagtgccgtatcttttcaacgtcaaaaagaagtttacgcaatacgatttaggaatggtcgtcaaaatgcgttcaacgtatggtatacgcctttatgagttgttaaagtcatatcagtatttaggtagtaagagaatattactgccagagttgcgcgaaaggttaggcgcagaagaaaagagttatgacaaatacagccttttcaaaaagtatgtattagaacccgcattaaacgacatagaaaacacagacttgcgcgtggactatgtagaaatgcgcgaaggaagaaaagtcgttggtataaacttcattatctcgcgcggtttaggttatttaggagaataa
>gene_38122|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggacggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_36845|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacaggcgttctttacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggcgatactttgcagtacccctatgcgtactgtcagcactccaaagacaaggacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgataccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggaaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgaaatgttcttggagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggttttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacattgag
>gene_54458|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_30295|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_48557|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacaggcgttctttacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggcgatactttgcagtacccctatgcgtactgtcagcactccaaagacaaggacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgaaatgttcttggagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttacagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagtggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_54924|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_20199|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacaggcgttctttacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggcgatactttgcagtacccctatgcgtactgtcagcactccaaagacaaggacaccaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgataccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaagagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggaaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgaaatgttcttggagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttacagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagtggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_27578|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_49611|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaattgataaggcaagattttggacgggcgttctctacccagagaacatgagggaggactggaaagaggtcataggagatactttgcaatatccctatgcctactgtcagcactcccaagacaaggacagtaagagcgaacaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgattgtggcgttcccgaacaccacaacctacaagcacgctttgaatgtcatggatttgctttctgcggaaggcaagaaagcaatcaataagtgtgaagcggtcgttggtatccgtaatgtctatgactacctcattcacgacaccgaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagcagtacgacccgtccgagcgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcgtatgagcagcttggcacagccgagaagaacgagatgttcttagagatgggacaagctatcagagagcatggctttaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgatacatacgaggatatgaactacattgaggtcatgcgttgttgcagcggtcacttcgagagaatgacaaggggcaattaccaacgctgggagcagggacagcgtgggcttcgtccgtcacaagcaaaactccacgaaaactccacgaacaccacgccagattgttgccctgcgtgtgggtctgtggacatcgtaaaaagcggcaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcgtgtaaggactgcggaaagaggttcgtttga
>gene_5803|Replication protein
tataaagatttcaagtccgctttcggtatcgtcggcgaggtaaaagcgcacgaagtcacttatagccgctcgtatggttggcattggcattgtcatacccttttaatttaccgctccgactgtgacattacctcggaattgcttaatatgacgcggctgtggctttcatctgtcgtgaaagcgggctttaggcgtccaacaggaaagaatctcgcggggttttacgagcacgccgttgatattatgccggattgccatgcctccgactacttgacgaaaacatgcgcgggcagctggggagcggacaaagagttgacggggggcgcgtggcacaaaaatcacggtataaaaccgattgaccttgctctttcggataatccgcacgatcattctttatggctcgaatatgcagaagcgacgaggaacaagcagcggattcgatggagccgcggcctaaagtctatgtttggcatagctgataagagcgacgagcaaattataatcgaggacgaacaacaggcgcggcgcgtccttttggcggtgcttaaccgtcatcaatggcaatatataagacaaaatggactggaagcgcattttctagcgattgcggcagagcaaggttacgacggcttacggcggctcctgctctccgtcggcttcctgtctctcgcccgctctgctgctgaaattgatatatacgacgatgggacgattcggcagcaggacgaggaagaaaaagcggttgtaaccatcgtcggcggttag
>gene_1729|Rep
atgaaagataaaatagcaatcgcacgcaatcaaacagttgtaaaagcaaatgatttaatacaaaaaagccgttttaatttgagcctacaacaacaaaaaatagttttatatttaatcagccaaattaaatatgatgatgatgaatttaaactatatgatttttcaatagtagaattttgtaaagtatgcggcatagacccatataacggacaatactacattgatttaaaaaatgctattcaagaaatagccagtaaaagcatgtggtttacgttagataacggcaaagagactttactgcgttggatagataagccatatttggatagcggcagtggcataattcaaattaaacttgataacgatatgaagccatatcttttacagttgaaagaaaaatttacaagatatgagttaatatatacactccattttaagagtaaatatacaattcgcctttatgagttaataaaatcaattcatttcaatgagttacagacatataaccgtatttttgaaatagacgaattaaaaaaacttattggggcagaaatctacacacaaacaagagattttaaaacacgtgccttattgccggcaattaatgaaattaatgaatatagtgataaaactattcatattgaggaattgaaacaaggtcgaaaaataacacatattaagctatttatagaaactaaatcagccgttgaccgtttaataataagggaaaaaatagaaactgaaatgggatttaatcaatta
>gene_39215|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain protein
atggcaaggcaagaagcagaccttacggcttgtatgatagtgcaacaattagacaaagatttctttataggttggacagatgaagagttgaaagcgattgaggatgcagaccctattgcgataaacaatgtattgaataacaagttacacgctcaaaatatgcagattgaggaaattcacacaatcatacacgataaggatgtacgagaagtgtgggataatgttgctaacaattatgtaattgaacaaaagccgccgcattttcacactcttatacacttttggaaagataaaacaggcgagttacagagtggcacaattattgagattgcaaatgcaataggacttgaaacacagtacattgaaaagcctcataggggtaaatatgcatatgacaatatgcttgcatatcttacgcatacaaaagatgccgataagtatcagtatgacgctagtgaagttaagtcaactggacttatggatgcgaagacaaacaagcctttatttaagacttacgaacagtactattcggagcgtcgtaaggattggcttgaaggtagagcgaagaagaaaagagaaaaagcaaatgtcaacatagatatgcttgaggagatgattttaacaggtgaggttgttaaaaatcaaatcttactcacggatgaatattttgatatttatgctcgtaataaaagacgatgcgacgatgcttttgacacatacgctcaaaagaaaatagctagaacaatacaggcaatggaaaatggtgagtttaaggtttccgtcttctttatcacaggtgcatcgcatagtggcaagagcgtatttacagacaatctcgttaaacagatacagaaagatatcaaagaagaaatgggagttgattggactgtctgttctgtagcatccaacaatccattcgatgaatatctcggtgaggagattttagtgatggatgatttacgaggtatgtcgcttactccaagtgattggcttaagttgttggaccctgacagaattaacacgggctctgcaagatacagaaataaaaagatggcttgccgtgtcattgttatcaattccgaaaaggatgtgcttgagttcttttactacctcaaaggtaatggttatggcggtgatgcaaaggcggaggcaatggatcaatttttccgtcgtattcttgcaagagttaaagtctatcgtgtaccgaataatacagatgttagacgcattgaagttggacagatgcaggagacaaatcgttatttagcgatagtacctggtgtgaagaattacaattacagagatgcgacagagcgtgtagctttacatcacgattttaataaagatttacaggatatggattatgcagaagcacaggaatatatttccgcaatggtcgtagaccgaaacaagaaaggagatgaaaacaatgtcaacagttaa
>gene_35024|Mobilization protein A
gaaataacgctttcaggatttggtaaaaaagtaaggtcatgggatgaagaaaaaactcttcatgaatggcgtaaggattgggcaaaagttcaaaatcagcatttaaaaaaattaggtttaaaatctcgtgttagtcatagaacgctagaagaacaaaaaaacataatgatcgatttagctaaaaaagcagaagatgcaaaagattttgacaagtctattttatatctagcaaaagctattgaactagatcgacctcctatgcagaacctatcacgtaaaaaatggaggacaaaagaaggtcaggagcaacgaaaacgtgaccaagcgatcagagatagagcgaagcaagatgcaagggctgtcagagtgttgagaggtgttgcagttgttgatgctgcttcattcgtggttcatccgttagagaaaaaagagcattcaaataataatgatttttcagttaaaaaatcgtggtggcgttctactgttaattttataaaaaatattaaagctaagttctcaactaaaaaagatattaaaaacgatgtccatgcatcagaccatttaatgactgatcccgtcactggtttgattattacgaagcaaaaatggcaagagatgagtgacagagcttcacagaaagcaccagaggccacgatctcgtatcaagtgaagcaatcacacgctgaaagtgagaaaacgccgcagaatgcgttacagagcgatttagacagtgttgcagttagaagacgcagaccgaagatctag
>gene_4199|TraG/TraD family protein
tccggtaagacccgcttctttctgaaacccaacctcatgcagatgcacagttcctatgtcgtaaccgaccccaaaggcagcgtggtttgcgaggttggcaagctgcttgagcgcaacaactacaagatcaaaatcttcaacacgatcaacttcaagaaatccatgcactataaccccttcgcctatatccacagtgaaaaggacattttgaagttggtaacgaccctcatcaccaacacgaaaggagacggaaaatccggtgatgagttctggacgaaagcagaaacgcttctgtattgtgccttgattggctacatccactatgaagcaccgcccgaggaacagaacttcacaactctgcttgagttcatcaacgctatggaagtccgagaggatgacgaggaatataaaaaccccgttgaccgcatgtttgaggaactggaagcccgagagccgaaccacttcgctgtccgtcagtacaagaaatattccttggctgcgggcaaaactgccaagagcatcttggtaagctgcggtgctcgtctggctcccttcgatatcgcagagcttcgtgagatcaccatgtatgacgaactggagcttgatacgctgggcgataagatttttgtaaatcccaacgaccccaaggacaagcgttttcacaagaccgctctgttcctcatcatgagcgataccgattcgacctttaacttcctcatttccatgatttataccgcaaggaaaaagcccgtgaagggcctgtaa
>gene_49704|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaatcgacaaagcacgcttctgggttggtgtcctttacccagagaatatgcgtgaagattggcaagacggcataggcgacatagtggaactgccttatgcgtattgccttcactcagtagacaaggacacgaagtcagaacaccgcaaggatcacgttcatcttatccttgcgttcccaaataccactacatacaaacacgccatgagcgtattgaatctgctttctgcagagggcaagaaagcattgaatacgattcaggcggtcatcaacattcgtagcaagtacgattatctcattcacgatacagaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagctgtatccgaaagaagcccggatcaccggcaacaactttgacattggtgcttacgagcagcttggagctgccgaaaagcacgagatgtttatagagttgagcaacgccatccgggagcagggcttcacgaactatatggacttttatgagtacgtagctgataactttgaagacatcaattactttgaggtcttccgaacctacagtagccattttgagcgtttaacgagaggtaattatcagcgttgggagagagagcagcgtgtgtccgtcacaagctcagcaacacgccagcaacacgaaaaagaccttccagtgtgttgcccggagtgtggttctatctccattaaaaaagctgggaaaaccgcatcattaagccaaagatggcagtgtaaggattgcggaaaaacgttcgtctga
>gene_16768|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaatcgacaaagcacgcttctgggttggtgtcctttacccagagaatatgcgtgaagattggcaagacggcataggcgacatagtggaactgccttatgcgtattgccttcactcagtagacaaggacacgaagtcagaacaccgcaaggatcacgttcatcttatccttgcgttcccaaataccactacatacaaacacgccatgagcgtattcaatctgctttctgcagagggcaagaaagcattgaatacgattcaggcggtcatcaacattcgtagcaagtacgattatctcattcacgatacagaggattgccgaaagaaaggcaaggagctgtatccgaaagaagcccggatcaccggcaacaactttgacattggtgcttacgagcagcttggagctgccgaaaagcacgagatgtttatagagttgagcaacgccatccgggagcagggcttcacgaactatatggacttttatgagtacgtagctgataactttgaagacatcaattactttgaggtcttccgaacctacagtagccattttgagcgtttaacgagaggtaattatcagcgttgggagagagagcagcgtgtgtccgtcacaagctcagcaacacgccagcaacacgaaaaagaccttccagtgtgttgcccggagtgtggttctatctccattaaaaaagctgggaaaaccgcatcattaagccaaagatggcagtgtaaggattgcggaaaaacgttcgtctga
>gene_26789|plasmid replication initiator protein repB
atggaaaaagaaaaaaaggaattattagatttacaatgcagttggatttacaaagcaaatgatttaattcaaaaaagccgctattcgttatcggtgcaacaacaaaagattgttttgtttttaatttcgcagataaatccttatgcaaccgaatttaaaaatgttaaatttagtattcaagaattttgtaaagtatgcggtattgattgcgagagcggaaaacactatgcagtaataaaagaacatattaaaaatattgccgataaatcgtgttggataaagaacgagagcggcaaagatacattgttaaggtggattgaaaaaccttatatcgatgaaaacagcggcattattgagataaaatttgataatgatatgaaaccgtttcttttacagttaaaagagaattacacaagattaaatttgtgtgatacactattattcaaaagtaaatattcaattcgcctttttgagttgatagaaagttataggtataacaaattagaacaattagaaagagtaattgaacttgaagaattaaaaacaattctcgattgtaaaaactacaaggcatttaaagattttaatacaagggctttaaaacctgcagttgaagaaataaaccgcttcacatatttaaaaatcgattatgaatatgtaaaagaaagcagaaaagtaattgcaatcaaatttaatatgggtattaaagattgggacgagcgttttgaaatgcaccaattaagagccgattatttaggatag
>gene_6050|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
ttgacaaagggcggaaatagtgctattatatcaatagcaaatatatcaatagttaatactgatacggaggcaagcaaaatgaatattgttataggttattgtagaaagtcaaaaagcacaatgaacattgatagacaagtaagaaatatacttgctgaatatccacaagcaaagattgttattgaaagtttcacgggaacaaagattgaacgccccgaatggcaaaagatattcacaacggtttcgagcggtgatacaatagtatttgatagcgtttcccgaatgagcaggaacgcggaggacggtttcaaagcgtatgaagaattatataaccgtggtgtaaatcttgttttcttaaaggaaccgcacataaatacagacactttcaagcaagcaataaataaatcggttcccttgacgggtggaaaagtagatttaattcttgaaggcgtgaataaataccttttagaattagcaaaagaacaaatacgaattgcgtttgaacaagcacaaaaggaggttgatgatttacaccaaagagtaagcgaagggcttttaactgcgaaattaaacggtgcccgcgttggtgctacaaaaggcgataaatacaaagtaaagaaagctgaaaaggcgaaagcggaaatattaagactttcaaaggatttcaacggaacattaacagatattgaagttatgaaaataatcggcatagcgcgaaacaccttttataaatacaaagcagaattgaaagaaggagcttga
>gene_54101|chromosome partitioning protein ParA
atgattattgcagtagcaaatcaaaagggcggtgtcggaaaaacaaccacgtctcaggcattggctgcgggactggcagcgaaggggtataaggttttggggattgaccttgatccacaggggaatttctctacggcctgcggagcagagaactataatgtccagacgatttatgaggtcatgaagcgggctgccagcatccaggatgccattcagcacacgaagggcggctatgatgttgtaccggctaatattatgctggctggcgcagagcaggagctctcccagaccggaaaggaacatcggctgaaggaggccgtggcgccggtggccgatgactatgattttatcgtgattgacacaccaccttccctgggtgtgctgacggtgaacgcctttacctgtgccaccgatattctgattccgacaacggcgggaatttttgcgactgccgggatctcacagctcaacgagaccgtcaccagcgttcagaagtattgcaatccggctgtaaaggtacgaggtattttgtttacgagattcaatccgcgggtaaatatcagccggcagatgaaagaactggctgagcagctgggtgaatacatctctgcgccaatctacaaaacatacatccgatctgctgtagtggtagaggaggcccaggcgaacagccaggacatttttgactatgccaataagtctacggtagcagaagactataaagcattcattgaggaattgttgaaaggggtaaatgaataa
>gene_37916|DNA replication protein
ttgatcgaagccagctatcgtttaggcttaaacgaacagcggatcattctttatgcgatttgtcgcgcgcgggaagaacaaaaggggctattgccggaccaacctgtaacgatctcagccgaagcgttttcgcaccagttcgccttaagcgatgaaatgtcgaacgtgtatcgtcagcttcgtgaagcgatggatgctttgttcgaacgtagcgtcacgatgcacgacattgacccggaaacgagtaggccccgtatacgccgggtacgctggatcagtgaagcaagctacatagacggtgctggccgtgtccaagtagtgttcgcacccgaggtcatcaagtacatcacgcgtctagagaaggaattcaccagttatcagctggagaaggttggccgtatgacgagcgcctatgccgtccgtctttacgaattgctgattcaatacagcgaaaccggcacacgtgagctaaacctagcgtggttacgtgatgtgctgcagatcgagccgggcgaatacaagctgacggctgacttcataaagcgtgtactcgacgtgtcagttgaacagatcaataaacacactgacttgtctatcagctacaaagcgaagaaaactggccgcgctatcaccgatttcgtgttcaggatcaaaagcaaagacatcaagctaaaacgtcaagttctgactgaccaggagcttcgagaccgactagaggctaggggtcagcagcgtattgacgactcaacagaagatttttaa
>gene_20241|Replication protein RepB
atgacagaagaacagaaaaagaaattagaaataaaagaaagtagagataagttagttgttaaaggtaatgatttaataaatcatacaagatacgatttatctttaactgagcaaaaaatattaatttatgtaatatcaaagataattgcagaagataaagattttaaacatataaaatttaaaatctctgattattgtgaaatagcaggccttaaaaggaatggcaaagaatacaatcatataaaagacggaatacaaaaattatccgataaaagttggtggatacaaaacaataatacagaacaactttttaggtggatagataccgcgacagtagaagaaaacaaaggctctattgatatcgttttaagtgaaagcttaaaaccatatttattagatataaaaggcaatttcacaaaatacgaacttataaatgttttagtccttcatagtaaatactcagtacgtctatatgaaatatttaaatctttcttatggcttcattattgggaaataagtttagaagattttagaaataaactatcaattacagacaaatataaaaactatgcagaattaaaaagaaatgttttaacaccaagtcttaaagagattaataaatatactgatttaaacgttgaattaacaacttttaaaaagggtaaaaacgttgataaattaatctttaaaataagcgaaaaagaaggtgtacaaatgatgattgatttaattttcaatcaagaaaaaagattagaagtttaa
>gene_16695|Initiator RepB protein
atgcaatcaaaagaagatgctctccagatgtctgttaaacgcagttatatggtcgtcaaaggaaatgaaataatacaaaaggcaaagtttgatttaggcataaaagaacagaagattttctgttatgccgtatcaaaaataaaacccacagataccgcagatatgacttatacattcactataaacgactactgtgagatatgcggtatatccaaaagaagcgggaaaaacattgaagatgtcaaagaaactttgaaacacttaagagacaagtcattctatcttttaagcgagaatggttcctgggcactgatcggctggctttcaaaagtcaaaatacaacccaaaagtgggaaaatcataatcaaattcgacgaggatatgcagaaatatctcatcggactttcaagagaatttacgcaatataatttgctgtatattctgccgatgagatcgacctattcaatcaggatttatgaattacttaaatcatatgcaagccaaatgaaagaatgtgttgaaattgatattgatgaattaaaatcacggcttgcagcaccatatgaaaggtttcctgactttagaagaaaagtgctcgaacctgcaatgaaggaaatcaatgcatatacggatatagaattttcctggcaaggtatcaaggaggggcgaagagtggcacggatcagattcctaatcactaatcgaagtgcttgggatagatttaaaaacgcaagtgcagcagaagctgcattggaaaaatga
>gene_2741|DNA replication protein
atggctgagaatgagataattgtctcttgtctcaaagaacttaaacttcctgctataaaggacttattagaggatgtcattgctgacgcaacagagcaaaactggagctttagaaagttcctttgtactttgctgatgcgagagatggagcagcgtgtcgagaatcgaaagtatcagagaatacgcaaggcttgcttcccacagatgaaatatcttcaggaactagaattggaggaacttccggccgagggccggaaccttcttcctgagttcgagaccctatccttcataaaagaaggtagaaatatagtgatgtacggtaatcctggaacaggtaaaacacacattgccaccgggttaggcatcaaggcttgtatggaaggctttactgtatacttcacttctgttcaacgccttctgacccagatacgtgaggccaaagcccagaagatgctgcaatcacttgaatacaagttcaagaaatacgaccttgttatctgtgatgagatgggatatgtgagctttgataaggaaggagctgaactgctcttcagtcatctgtcgttacgatccggaagcaaggccacaataataacaacaaacctcccattcacaaggtgggaggagataatgaaggatagagttctctgttctgctcttgttgacagactctgccataaagcctatcttgttaacatgaccggcaagtcgtatcgaatccgagaaactcaaaatatgttcaaaaaatag
>gene_26914|Mob protein
atggcaagtgtaaaaaaatttacagatggtgcggtggtaaatcagctccgacattgtaacagaacaatcgagaatgacagcaatacggatattgacccgaccagaacgcacctcaattattcactcactccagaaagggaaatgagtgaatatgaatactaccgaaagagaaaaagcgaattgtactgttacggcagggcagatgtaaaaaccatggctggctggatagtaacagcaccgcaggagctggagagcagagaacagataatggatttttttgaatccacggcggaatttttaatacagagatacggtaaggaaaatataatatcgataacctgccattttgatgagggaaaagttgaaaaggtcaaagaccgctggggggagtatgtaagagacgaaaacggagaaataaaaaaagagcttgtactgggaagacctcacttgcactgtgatttcattccggtgacaaaagacaataacccaaaacacacgcaaaccgagaaaatatgtgctaatgaaagattgaataaaatcgaattacagcattttcataccgatttagccaaggcaaccgattgtccctatgttatcaatggaaaaacaaaggagcagggcagaaattatacggttgaggaaatgaaggaaagatatgagacatccaaagaacttgagcggttaagggagatagagagactgtacaagctggaacatgaaagaacc
>gene_41130|Mobilization protein
cgcaccaggtgggcagcggagtccgtggcgttcatccaagagcaggcgggcggggcggacaatgtgttggccatctacctgcacgacgacgaggagaccccccacatccacgcgctgaccatccccctcgtcgagaaggcgcggaaggccaagggacgcccccggaagggccgcacagccccccagaaggccgcagggccgtcgtgggggctttcggcggctgacctcatcggaggccccaaggaccgcctcagcgccttgcaggacgcctatgcggaggccgtggccggcacggggttgcaacgggggatccggcgcaaggaaacgggggcgcggaacctgtcgcccgcccagttcagggcacggtctgcgcgggttctggacagcatggaaggcgaggctcagggactgtcccaggatctggcccagagccgcgcagaggccgcgcagggccttgcctggctgcgggatgtgggaaccgccgtgaagcgcgatgccgccgctgtcggcgtcgctgtgggcttccccggatatgcaggcgacccgaaggcagaacccgcccgcgcagcagtcaaggcactggtggacgggcgggcagaggcggcagcaagggcacggctcgcggaagcagggcgacaactggcggcaatggcgcaaagcctcccagcacccctaaaacagccccaacaccgagcgccagatcctgagcctgttctcagccagcaacgccgccgaaagcacgacgatgaccagcgataa
>gene_4418|Replication protein for plasmid
atgtgccccgtctgtcaatggcgcttatcgctcgatcgcttttataatttgctgctgtgtaatgaatggttcttcgagaagaaccaatacctcaatgcagcaatgttaacgctcaccgttccgaactgtaccggagatgaactccccgatacagtcgaacgcatactcgctgcatggcggctgctgactaagcggcggcccttccagcggtggatcatcggttacgcccgatcggttgagatcgtccgcaaaaagggcaggaagtttcacccgcatatccatgtgttcgtgtggtttcctgcggaatacaacaaggagatcaccaccatggatttggcgtcatggtggtcggagtgctatggccatgaaactggtggtgatcccacccgcaatttgatctgcgacatgaaatttgcttatgacaagaagaagcatggcaagcgtaatattcgtgcagctgatataacaggcatcgtagcagaagcgaccaaatattctatgaaagccgaattaatatcaaccgccgagcccgtcgagatcgtggccatcgaccgggccattcgaggtaagcgacttgtcgagtatggcggccttataaaaaaggcgcgggccgcgctccgtctcgaagatgaagccgcggacattgaaaccccggcgggcaaagtcccggcatgcctgtcgtgcggctcgcttgaagttgttgatctcacgatgctttgggctgtgaattcgtttcggctcgcagacccgctctcttga
>gene_6943|Putative replication protein
atgagaaaaaaaggcgaaaagaaagcgcccgaccaaaaaacaacggctagacgcagaccttcctcacaagaaaagtctaacacatctagcgttgaaagtcaatccagttccccagtgaacaagcgaaaatcggattatatggatatggtcgaggaggatccagtccgtccagacaactggaaagaagtacgtggtaagttctggtgtttcgtgctatatcctgaaagtgcaccgagcgattggatagaacagcttaataaacttggtgtcaagtgggctgtctctccgctgcacgataaggatataaacgctgaccttacaccaaaaaaaccacattatcacgtaatcttgatatggacggctgatacgacttacaacaatatcgcaacttttacacacgagactttgaatgcgacatatcctcaaaagctgggaagtccattaggctattacagatacttcactcacgaggataatcccgaaaaggcatcgtacagtaagagcgatatccaaaccggtaacggctttgacatagctgaataccgtaagatgacacatgaggaaatgctgaagatgcacatgatgctcacacagcagataattgacaacgagattgacaactacgtggacgctacgataatggcatcgtcaatgggatttgacgagtacgagatgttgacatctcacacttatcacttctcccagctttgcaagtcaatatatcacaagtcacgtggtcgcaatgaacaggaggattag
>gene_20373|Putative replication protein
atgagaaaaaaaggcgaaaagaaagcgcccgaccaaaaaacaacggctagacgcagaccttcctcacaagaaaagtctaacacatctagcgttgaaagtcaatccagttccccagtgaacaagcgaaaatcggattatatggatatggtcgaggaggatccagtccgtccagacaactggaaagaagtacgtggtaagttctggtgtttcgtgctatatcctgaaagtgcaccgagcgattggatagaacagcttaataaacttggtgtcaagtgggctgtctctccgctgcacgataaggatataaacgctgaccttacaccaaaaaaaccacattatcacgtaatcttgatatggacggctgatacgacttacaacaatatcgcaacttttacacacgagactttgaatgcgacatatcctcaaaagctgggaagtccattaggctattacagatacttcactcacgaggataatcccgaaaaggcatcgtacagtaagagcgatatccaaaccggtaacggctttgacatagctgaataccgtaagatgacacacgaggaaatgctgaagatgcacatgatgctcacacagcagataatcgacaataagattgacaactacgtggacgctacgataatggcatcgtcaatgggatttgacgagtacgagatgctgacatctcacacttatcacttctcccagctttgcaagtcaatatatcacaagtcacgtggtcgtaatgaacaggaggattag
>gene_41090|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtcgaatttagcgtggcatctgcagcactacaaagttggacagatcgggttgttagctggtcataattacgagcatcgtactgagtacaagacccattcgaatccggacattgatccagctcgcagccatgagaatatgctgctggtcgcaccggctaccggctccctgtatacagcagcgaagcaacgtgttgcagctgctgtcaccggcagaatccggtctgatagcaactggatcaccgaaacgatcacctaccccccggaaggaatgtcagaccgggagcagctgcgccggtacttccaggatgtcgtgtcctggcatcaggacaccttcggtgcagccaatgtgttggctgctgctgtccacctcgatgagaccacgccgcacctccatctcgatctgatgccgatcacggaagacggacggctggcggcgaagtctatcttcacccgcaagagccttaccatgcagcatacgaaccttgctgcctatctcgctgccagagggtgggacatccagcgtggcgaatctactgctggaaagcaccggcacaccttgaccgtcaaggagtacaagaagcaagccgaacgtgaccgagaacggctcacgagcgagctggtggctctacaagagacgaaagacactgccgcacgggatgctggagaatctctggaaacggctgtacgggcgcatgagcgtgctgagagcgcccagaaagctgctgctgatgcccagagggtggcaaaggatgcccagagagcagctgccgacgctcagaaagaactggatagcattacggctgagcttcagacggtgcgcccctctgcgcaagtcgaggccattggggtgaaggaaacgatagggggaaaagtcaagcttacgaaagcggacttcgatgtgctgaaaaaagaggctgctttggcgaggagagccatgcaagaagcaaagacggcaaaggcaacagccgactattgggaggctcgtgtcccatccaccgccgaggtcatgcgggaggcaaaggagaagcaggatcttaaacgctccaacgagttgaaagatcagcagatagaccgtctgacggatctgatccgcagcctcatgagccgtgccgtggctctttgggatcggttggtgatgccgctgcggatataccagcgtgatgtctggacattccgggaggccgaggacggatggcgacagcgcatgaatccgacgatgacgtgggggtgcattaatgccaagccagagatcaagaagatcgaggacgcagttggcggcgagcggaacatgatcgagggcattctgaccgccaagggcgaatccaacgataccatcgaccgtgtcctccgatggcattgtcaggatcaggaggacgatgccccggatcagcagaaccggagccagagacggagcgacgagtgggacatggaattctga
>gene_26767|Replication initiation protein
atgactacatattgcgatattgtaccctccaatgacaaattggaggctttttttatggcaaatcaaccgaagaacgtcgtcacgttagaggacattgaggttgccgctctgacgacagacgacaaacaaaggagtgacaaagaggacaagctctctgcgaaactcaaaaaagtaaagcaacgagtatgggcgggtatcgtatatccagactcattgccgaatgattggaataccatcatcatgatgtctggtttggcggttgctatgtctccgttgcatgacagggacaacaagaaaccacattaccatatccttgtttgttggaacggtccgacaacgtatgagaacgccaaagcgtttatccgtgatacgcttaacggtacattaccgataccttgtcaatccccacgagggtattatcgttactttacgcacaaagaccatccgaacaaagcgcagtatgacgaaaaggacattgcacgctttaacggcttcgaggaagccgacttcgttgatatgacaaaggcggaagtcttgtctatcaaaaagaagatggtcgagctgtgcatgaccatggagttaaacgagtatgcggacttggtcgaatacgttacgtttaacgaagaagcagacgttcaagatgtggtctttaacaatacgcttttctttaatgcgtatctcagaagtaggaagtttcgtgttcactatgaacacgaagtgacgactgaggaaaagaccgcagatgatacgtctgactaa
>gene_21616|Replication initiation protein
atgactacatattgcgatattgtaccctccaatgacaaattggaggctttttttatggcaaatcaaccgaagaacgtcgtcacgttagaggacattgaggttgccgctctgacgacagacgacaaacaaaggagtgacaaagaggacaagctctctgcgaaactcaaaaaagtaaagcaacgagtatgggcgggtatcgtatatccagactcattgccgaatgattggaataccatcatcatgatgtctggtttggcggttgctatgtctccgttgcatgacagggacaacaagaaaccacattaccatatccttgtttgttggaacggtccgacaacgtatgagaacgccaaagcgtttattcgtgatacgcttaatggtacattaccgataccttgccaatccccacgagggtattaccgttactttacgcacaaagaccatccgaacaaagcgcaatacgacgaaaaggacattgcacgctttaacggcttcgaggaagccgacttcgttgatatgacaaaggcggaagtcttgtctatcaagaagaagatggtcgagctgtgcatgaccatggagttaaacgagtatgcggacttggtcgaatacgttacgtttaacgaagaagcagacgttcaagatgtggtctttaacaatacgcttttcttcaatgcgtatctcagaagtaggaagtttcgtgttcactatgaacacgaagtgacgactgaggaaaagaccgcagatgatacgtctgactaa
>gene_6769|RepB
atgtcgaaggattcagaaaacaaggcgattgcggcagaaacgccgctagcagagcagccgggagcagagaaagcggctcccatgacagcagcagaacgggcaaaggcatatcgagcccggaagaaagcagagcaagcaaggaagcagacgtattatataccggctgacttcctggcaaaggagggcgacggctccggcatcatcgaggaggacgagctcgataccaggcacacgacgtatcttgcaatcttctatccggagagcgctccggaggattggcctgactacatagagcgaacagggtgtaaggtatgggtggccctgcatgatgaggacacctgggacgagaaagacgagaagcgcaatcctgaacataaagccgggacgaagaagaagccacactatcacatgatatggcagtatgacagcaagcagacggtgcggcagtttgcgcgtgatgtcaagtatctgaacgggtgccacgaggtaaaggtgtgtatgagcttgtgcggttcagagcagtacctaacccacaaaaacagccctgggaagcatcagtatgacagaagcattatacagctattcggcggcgccgatatgagcttgtacgatatgccgacagccgagcaagcaaaggagatacgaggggctatatacgcgttcttggcgtctcatccggatatggtggagttgagcggggaaggcgggtttgttgagtatatgctccaaaacgaatacgattggttcctgctttac
>gene_8888|Replication protein RepB
atggataataagaaagaaaagcaaaaggatattaacaaagagagaaacgaattagtagtaaaaagaaacgaggttattcgtaacactcgttatgatttaagtgttacggaacaaaagataattatatatataatatccaaaatagaaaaagaagataatgatttgaagagggtaacgtttaaaataaacgactactgtaagattgcaggaatttcaaatagcggacggatctatgaattagttaaagaaagtatccaaggaataagaaacaaaagttggtggattaacgttgacggaaaagaaaagttattcagttggatagatactgcgacaattgatgaaaatacgagagaagtaaacgttgttttaagtgaaagtttaaagccatatttactaaacataaaaggcaattttacacagtatcaattgatcaatatacttgtacttcatagtaagtattctattagactatatgaaatacttaaaagttatttatggcaacataaatggatagtgcaagtagatgaattcagagatttattaggaatagacaatagatataaagattatacagaattaaaaagaaacgtaattaaaccgagcataaaagaaataaataaatatactgatttagacgtagactttgaaacacaaaagaaaggtaaaagcataaataaacttatattcaacattaatgaaacaaagggatatcagttagtatttgatctaattactaataggagtgaaaggttagattaa
>gene_57045|Rep protein
atggcattgtataccgacacaccctatgagcgagacatatttactgtcaaacagttgggcgaacataccgttaaaatttcatactgtagcaccttgcgaaaatcgggttgggaagacgaaaagccaaaagcaaaaaaaggtacggtcaacactgataagctcgcaaacaatctttccagggcaaaagctacggtcaaggaattagcaatatgcaatccctgggattactggtgtacattcactattaaccccgacaagtatgatagacacaatttagacgcctacttcaaagactttgctaaattcttgaataattataataactataattgcccccaggaatacaaagtaaagtatctgttagttcccgagcaacacgaagacggtgcatggcatatacatggatttattaagggcataaagccaaaagacctttacattaacgagcatggatatttggactggaaacagtataacaagaagtttggatttatcagcatggataaaataaaagacctggataagtgttcaagttacattctcaaatacatgacaaaagataaggataaaaatgtgaccgacttacatagacacctatactatgcgtcactaggacttgaacgctctgttgagttgtaccgaggtaaagctgactatttcggttcttgggattgggaacacccagacggttattgcaaagttaaaacgttagacgttagaaaagacaatataagtgattacatggagatagcacaatga
>gene_51955|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_1492|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_37975|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_32222|Replication protein repB
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaa
>gene_53983|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_714|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_15935|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_50115|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_18410|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_14657|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_30314|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_17620|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_53550|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_55441|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaaacaaccacagaaaacaccgaaaaggtcgaaacccgcaagaaggcacgatactggtgggcggttttctacccagatgattccgcacccgctgactggcgggaaaaactgcaggcgactggtttgccttgcgagtttatcatacatgacaaggacacagacccgtgtcctgaaactggtgagcaagtagcaaaaaagtcgcacggtcatattatatgggcatattctggaccaaacacacccgccgccgccgatgcaattgctattgacctattaaagggcaaacccgcccaaccgttgagcagtatcaagggagcacatagatacttgacccaccaagacaacccagagaaggcacaatacgaccccaacgacattgaaacggtcaacgggttcagtattgatgactatgcagtcagcaccaagggtgaggtcaatgcactttataaagcaattgagtccattattagggagcaaggtctggaggaccttgcagaccttatggactaccttgctgacgaaggtcttgaggagtatgcactcttcgtgcgattcaatacatattatctggacaaactcctcaagagcatataccaccgcaagaggaaggcaaaaaaagaccgccttcttgagttgcagttagaacgtgaggagtggcaagcgggtcaaagagaattatccaaaccctacacggttgacccgatgacgggcgaactgttgaacgacgacaccgccacagagtag
>gene_56897|protein rep
ttttataaacgcgcagacgaagttattcattgcgccgatttctttgaatttcaccaaaaccaggacgggaaaattataaaaacactaacaaaccgttgcaaaaatcgatattgcacttattgtcaatggattgaagcccgccgccgtggaaagattttaagcggcgctctggagcttgcaaagtgcaacggtgaaagaatagttcacctggttattacactcccaaactgcaatatagaagatttacatgcggagattaataatttacacacggttatttctcaaactctgcgccattttaaagtaaaaaatttttatagagcaacagaggtcacctacaacaaaaagaatgatacattccacccacatgcacacatagctgtgtttaaatatataaaagtttcggatttatgcgcctttgctgcaaaggcttataaaaaactcaacccactacacagctatgattataatatctgctacgcgacagcaaaatcaatcgaaaaagagcttgcaaagtatatcatgaaacccgacaagctaccagagaccgtactgctcaaaatgatacaaaatgaagccttaactggtattagaacccgcagcagcggcggaaccatgaaagattatttaaaacggtcagctgaaattttgcgcacggttgcagcagctgaaaaagctgaatccatagagtataaaccatttaaaaagagctgttatacatatgacatgaaacttgacctataccgcaaactatga
>gene_14023|Replication protein
atgccgaaagcaagagtattttttataatgcagtatttgaagcatcccgaaacgggtgaaaccttaataaccgaggagcagatccaagaaggtcttgaccataaaaccattaaacaatgggcctatgttttgcatgacaaggaccgttggaatgatgatgatgaagcaaacgatgcaaagcatataagcggagaggtaaaaccccctcattatcatattgcaattagtctgcctaagaacaatacagaactagacaacattgcgaattggtttggggttcctagtaatttcgtagaaatgaaaagaggccgtggtgcatttcttgattgtgtggcttatttgacacacgaagaaatgaaacaacaagaattggggaaatatcgttatgacgatagtgaggttgttgcaaatttcgattggagacaggaacttaatgaacgagcattgtctcgtgcgacttatggtgaagacctcacattaaaagagaaaattcgcatgaaggtcttaaaaggtgaaatgactttgaaagatgcgaagaagaagtatcctatcaattatatttctgatagagatatgcttcagaaattgagaatggaatatatttcagatgctccgcctccgactattcgccataatttctatataactggcggaggtggaatgggtaaaggagttgcaagtatttgtcttgcacacgcattgttcccagatatcgaagatgaagatgaccttattttccgtgtgggtgcctatgaaacaagttttatgggttatgatggtcagcctgttattatttgggatgatttccgttctggtgagctgattagagcattaggaaacagaggaaatctgtttaatgtttttgagacaaatcccaaaaaggcaaaacagaatgttaagtatggtgcggttaatctgattaactccgtgaatattgtaaattctgttcagccttgggaacaatttcttgatggccttgttggtgaatataaggacaagcaaggaaatcttcacgcagctgaagcaagtgaaaagaggcagtcgaaacgacgttttccgttcatagttcctttgagaacagaagattttgatattctgattaacaaaggctatgttgacggaaacgatgcttatgatgaatattacaagtatcagaacatacttggaaacttcggaagactggcaaaggctatgcctggtatgcaatctgtcattaaagtcggaggcgaaatgttgactcctctgctcgatggcgagcatggcgttcacgaagtagaacgcaaaagggaagaactgcaagaggcttccgatttgtcggagtttgcaaactacggaaaaatggtttctcagaaaccagaaattataagtgttgcagagcctagcgactataaggaattgaccgacgaggaagctgaagatcttcctgcaggttggtaa
>gene_29209|Replication protein
atgccgaaagcaagagtattttttataatgcagtatttgaagcatcccgaaacgggtgaaaccttaataaccgaggagcagatccaagaaggtcttgaccataaaaccattaaacaatgggcctatgttttgcatgacaaggaccgttggaatgatgatgatgaagcaaacgatgcaaagcatataagcggagaggtaaaaccccctcattatcatattgcaattagtctgcctaagaacaatacagaactagacaacattgcgaattggtttggggttcctagtaatttcgtagaaatgaaaagaggccgtggtgcatttcttgattgtgtggcttatttgacacacgaagaaatgaaacaacaagaattggggaaatatcgttatgacgatagtgaggttgttgcaaatttcgattggagacaggaacttaatgaacgagcattgtctcgtgcgacttatggtgaagacctcacattaaaagagaaaattcgcatgaaggtcttaaaaggtgaaatgactttgaaagatgcgaagaagaagtatcctatcaattatatttctgatagagatatgcttcagaaattgagaatggaatatatttcagatgctccgcctccgactattcgccataatttctatataactggcggaggtggaatgggtaaaggagttgcaagtatttgtcttgcacacgcattgttcccagatatcgaagatgaagatgaccttattttccgtgtgggtgcctatgaaacaagttttatgggttatgatggtcagcctgttattatttgggatgatttccgttctggtgagctgattagagcattaggaaacagaggaaatctgtttaatgtttttgagacaaatcccaaaaaggcaaaacagaatgttaagtatggtgcggttaatctgattaactccgtgaatattgtaaattctgttcagccttgggaacaatttcttgatggccttgttggtgaatataaggacaagcaaggaaatcttcacgcagctgaagcaagtgaaaagaggcagtcgaaacgacgttttccgttcatagttcctttgagaacagaagattttgatattctgattaacaaaggctatgttgacggaaacgatgcttatgatgaatattacaagtatcagaacatacttggaaacttcggaagactggcaaaggctatgcctggtatgcaatctgtcattaaagtcggaggcgaaatgttgactcctctgctcgatggcgagcatggcgttcacgaagtagaacgcaaaagggaagaactgcaagaggcttccgatttgtcggagtttgcaaactacggaaaaatggtttctcagaaaccagaaattataagtgttgcagagcctagcgactataaggaattgaccgacgaggaagctgaagatcttcctgcaggttggtaa
>gene_56157|Replication protein repB
atggcagagactgcaacctccgacaaatcggaggctttttttatggctaaaaacagcaaagacaagcaacgggagtatgacgccaaacgagctggcgccagaacccggaactggacggtggtcttctatccggaggatctcccggacgactggaaggaacagctcgacacgctgatgttccgttggatcgaaggcccgctgcatgatcaggacgttgacccagacggggcccccaagaaagctcacgtacatacgctgttcatgttcgatgcgatcaagaaccacgagcaggtgacgtcaatgctgaagaagctcttcggcgagtcagagaccggctcgatcatcggcgtcgcagatccgaagcaagcaagcgatcggagtgccattgtccgttacatggcgcacctggatcaccctcacaaggctcagtatgacgtcgatgacatcatcggtcacaacggagcggatcctgccgaggttcttcgctattctgcgactgagacgatccagatgatgatcgccatggaggagtacatcgaggccaacggcatcatcgagctttcggatttctccaggcagatccggtacgacagaccggagtggtatacgatcctggccaccaagcagaccaggtacttcagcgatttcatacgctctcgtaggcacaaggtcgagacaggcaatgttgacgtcaaacctccgaaggtcaacccggagacgggtgagatcatcgaagaggaaggtgacgtcaagtga
>gene_18582|Replication initiation protein (Fragment)
gaaatgcgagcaagggttttcaatatcatgcagtatatgaatcatccggataccggcgtgccgcttctgaatgaggatactatcaaggtaggtctggcacacaagtcagtgaaagagtgggcgtatatccttcatgataaggacgtatattcggaagcagatgaggaagcggatccgaaccataagcagggtggtgtgaagccgccgcactggcatatcgttctgcagtgtccaagcggaattgaggtcggaacaattgcgaaatggttcggaataccggaaaacttcgtagatgtaccgaaggggcgcggggcgttcctggactgcatcgagtacattactcatgaagcagaaaaacagcagggacttggaaagcacagatatgatgactcagaagtccattcgaactttgatttccgtggaagactgacgcagagaacggaaaacgaactgaaatacggtagggatttatccccgctcaaacggatgatgtacgatgtcacatatcttggaaagacgcttcggcagtgccaagcagaagaccggcagatgtacatggaaaacgtagaaaagctgagacgtctgagactggaatatttagcgaatcaggaagcgccggtacagcgtctaaacttctacctaacaggcaaaggcggggtaggaaaagatttgatgagcagggctcttgcacgggcgctgtttcctcagtatgagaaggatgcagatattttcttcatcgttggttctggacaggtaacattcgaaggatacgacggacagccggtgttgatctggccggacagaagagcggcaggactgttgaaggcactcggcgggcgagagaatgtgttcaatgtgttcgatacgtatccaacaaaccagaaacagaatgtcaaatatgggtctgtgaatttgtgtaatcaagtgaatatcgtgaacggacaggaaccgttcgatgagtttctggacggtcttgcaggtcaatatacggacagagacgggaaggactggaaggcagaagataaatcacaatcataccgcagattcccgttcattattccgatacgggatgatgaatttgatctgtgggtaaataggggattcatgtccaatgatagaagccagttccttgattacgacaagtacaatcatatccgaggaagtttcgcacggcttgctcagcagtacggtgagaacgcaatcagtcaggtcggggcaaacgaaatgttggggacagttctggaacaggtagataaggcacgagaaaaggtagaggttccggaagataagaaaccgacgccggaagatgtactgaaatggattcaagagaacggatacggtcagatgccgacagaagcccagcagagaataatagatagtatgcaggatattctatcaagtctgtctgatgaagatgaggaacttccgttcgattga
>gene_13614|Rep protein
atgcgtgtattacatgagtacgattacaacgttacaacagtaaaacagtataatgacaatatttatagggtttgtactatacctgtatatcgcaattcaggattcgagattgaaaaagattctgcttacaccaagaaaaacactgtaaatgatttcaaactgtcaaataacatatcacgcgcaagaagtacagttcaagaatatgctctttgtaacccatggagttattttgtaacacttacgattgaccctaaaaaatatgatagattcaatcttaaacgatattattcagactttgctgaatttatccataattttaaccgacgcagacccaaagaaaacaaagtgaaatatgtatttgttccggagttgcataaagatggtgcatggcatatgcatggcatgatatatggtttgtctcctgacgatttgactattaaccaaaacggatattttacttggaaaaaatacaatgaaaaatttggttttatgagtatagacaaaatacaagatattgaccgattatcaagttatattctcaaatacataaccaaagatgtagagaaaagcgtatcagaattaggcgcacatctctactatgcttcaaagggattggaaaaagcagaactcgtctatcgtggacaagcatttttacattgtgattatgactttgaacaccctgacggatattgtaaaattaaaacatttgacactcgtaaagaaaacattatggactatttggagttattggagtaa
>gene_7380|chromosome partitioning protein ParA
atgaaaataatatctttatgcgcccacaaaggcggagtaggcaagaccaccagcgccgtggctatcgcgcaaggcatcgccaaattgaaaccacgttcgaaggtgctattgatcgacagtgacccgcaaggaaccgcgacaaagacaatatacggcatccgtgacgcagtaagcggactatatgaagtcataaaggacgaaatcgacataaacgacgccattattcacacggaatcaggcgacatacttccgtacagtcgcgcccttgctaatatcgacatagaattcgcgcgtgacccaaatcaatatttttatatcaaggacaaactgcaacagttaagcgggacatatacgcacgttatcatcgacacggcgccatcgttaatacttccgacgcttcaagccttgaccgcttccgacggtgtaataattcctattggtgcatatccggaaaccgtcgacagtcttccgcaaacattgaagaccatcaaaagcgtgttgcgtgtcaatcctgatttgtccgtgttaggtgctttaataaccatgtatgcgccacgttctaacgtagtaaagcaatatgaagacctaatcgaagaaaactgcaaggactacgacgtaaagctgataaagacgcgcgtccgtgtttgttccgcaatacacgaagcacacgcgttaaatgtaagcctatttgaacacgccccacgttctaacgccgtgaaggactacacacaagttatcaaggaattgaagttataa
>gene_1948|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
atgttctttgaagaaaatgagcgttgcgaaatggttgtaaaatcaaatgacttgatacaaaagagccgtttttcattgacaactaaccaacagaaaataatactgtatttgataagcaaattaaaatataaagatacagactttacagaatgtaaagtagatataaaagacttttgtagagtttgcggaatagatttaagcaacggcagacgatacaacgagttaaagaacagtataaaacaaatagcggataaatcaatctggatagaaaaagaaaacggagacgaaacacttttaaggtggattgaaaaaccgacaatacataagaatgacggagtaataacaataagacttgacgaagatttaaagccgtatttgttagaactgaaagagaaatacacgcaatacgaattgatatatactttaaagatgaaatcaaaatatagtattcgtctatatgagttattgaaaagcagacaatacaataaattaagagactatacagtaaaatacagtatagacgaattaaaaaaactgttagatgcggaaaattataaaggatttaaagacttccgccgaagagttttagaaaaagcaatagaagaaataaacgcatttacagacattcaaatagaattaaccgctataaagcaaggaaaaacaataacggaaatagaaatacacatagagacaaaagacccaatggaaagatttaaaaccgctataatgattgaaaggagtttagacaatgagtaa
>gene_30733|mobilization protein
atgcctaatccctcccccttcgccatctaccggcacaacaagctctcgacccccaaggacatccgcgggcgggcggaccatatgatgcggaccatcccgacgccgaacgcagatccggcccgccggaatcgcgtcctgatcggcaccgatgaccccgccggggatcttctggccctcattccccaacccggcgatcggggcgcggacggcaagcccctgcgccgcaagaacagcgttcttgccatcgaggtgatgctgactgcctcgccggaatggtggcagaccgcgaccgccgaccagaagaacggctggctgcgatcatcccgcgcttggctggaagccgagtatggcgcggagcggatcgcccatcttcagcttcacctggacgagacgtccccccatttgaccggcttcatcgcgccgaccgacccggaaactgggcggctcaatgcgcgccgctggatcggcggggcggagcgttgcagcgcccagcagaccgcctacgcggatgctgtggcccatctgggcctgcgcaggggcgtggaaggctccaaggccaagcaccagactgtgcgccggttctatgccgccatgaacgcgcccgagccgacgcccgagcgcggcagggcatacgacaccgagcgcacggcccgcagggccgccgaggcgcaggcggcggccgaccgtggccgcgccgaccgcaccgccgcccagttggacgaccagaaggcgctggctgcgcgtatgcgcgcattggaccttcccgccgtcatggacgcactcgggttcgagcctgatgcgcagaacgtgaaacagtgggcgcacggccccaagggcgaccgcacccatcgcatcaacatcgagggcggcgcgtggtttgatctggtggcggacaagggcaggggaggggccatagacctcgtgcaacacgtcctgaacaccgatttcaagggcagccttgcgtggctggcggatcggttcggggaagcgccaaccgccgccgatctggccgaaaatcttgagcggaaggcgcgcgcagccgttgcggatgccgtgaaagaacgcgagccgttcaccccgcccgcccccgtggcggagcattggcccgccgtgcgggcctacctgacagacgcccgcgccatccccgcccacatcgtggaccagctgcacggcaggggcgacgtttacgccgacgagcgcaaaaacgcagtttttgtgtgcagggacgaggccggagccatcaccggcgccgagaagaagagcgccagattctcgggtatggccgcaggttctaaaaagaacctcggcggattcaaacttggccgcgtcctgaccgccgcgcgcgtttacctggtcgaatctgccatcgacgcggtgagcctgtggctcttgcggcgatccaagggcgagaagggctttgccgtggtttccacg
>gene_32827|Putative plasmid mobilisation protein
atggcaatctatcatttaaacgttcgctattgcagtaaaagcaaagggcaatcagctcaagccaaaaacgactacatcaaccgcaatgataaatattcaaagcggttagatgatttacagttttcaggctatggcaatatgccaaaatttgccgaagataatccgcaagaattttggcgattgtcagatatttacgagcgagctaatgcccgagtttgtactgaaattgaatttgctttacctagagaattaaccctagaacaacagcaaaaattagtaagttcgtttatagaaaatacggttgatagcggtagcaataaactaccctactctttcgctatccataccgataaaaataatcataatccccattgtcatttgatattttcagaacgccaacttgacggcatagaccgtacagccgagcagttttttaaacgtgctaatactaaatcccctgaaaagggcggagcgatgaaaacggcagattttcgagatcgtgagtttatccaatctgtccgaaaaacgtggagagagcaagctaatcaagccttagaacaatacggatatgccgcacgaattgacgaacgtagctacaaggaacaaggcatagagcaagccccaagagcaagaattgacagggtaacgtggcaagaattgaaccgattagagcgagaagaaagccaaatcgtgcaagagcttgcacttaaagggcaagaaattatccaagaaaaatcctacttgaagaaaatcgaagaaaaacaggctcaaggaatgggtaaatatgaagctaaattcgcagctgcgttttctaaatcatcagaaaacgccataaaacacgatttaagcaacgaaaaagaaaaagacaataaaatacatacccaagaagaaaaagttcctcaaaatcgcattcaggggctttctcaggcagattttgatcagtttttaattgatgaatggctacctcaaatagaaaaatacgttaaagcccaagaaaagcgggacggaatggaagtagagatcacgcaatacgacaaggatttacagcgtattcagggagactataacaagctcacagataaaaatcagggttttctcggtttatgggaaactaaagagcaaaaagcaaagaaaaaagagcttgaagatgaatacaagcatacagcagagcaacggaacgctaaaagccaagaattagccgagtatagccaaaaaataaaagcatacgaacagaaaacgctagagccaattaacgagaagattgccaaatatcaagctgacaaccctgaaataaaaatgcggagcttaggatttgtgaaaaaaattaaggctcaaggggcatataaagcggctcaagagcgaatggagcgagaaaaacagcaccaacaggaaaaacaacagagacatttagagcgagagagtggtttgagcttgtag
>gene_54432|Replication protein
atgaatctgtttgtaacgattatttcatacttcaaaggacagaacgcaacagacacgaagacaattccgttgcaagcacttcgtcaacaaagtctttcatcagcgaaggatcgtaatacatttgtcaatgatcttaacagaatgaccgatgaagtaatgcgcatgaatataaagatcattgagaggggagctaacaatgaggtgcttcggatcatcaagttcaatttgtttacggattttatcatcacccaagaatccgtaacggtatcaatcaatagtaaatatcaatggctgtttaatgatttagctcaatatactgggtttgagttgatggaattttgcgaactggacagcaaatatagcaagacattgtatcgtttgttgaaacagtggcgcacggtcggacggtatgaagtatcaaaaaattctcctcaacgtgtggatgtagaaaaatttcgagaattactaggtgttccggaatcatacaatcataagaaaataatggcgcaagtaatttctccggccattgaagatataaaaaagcgtgacgggtcattttcagatttgaattgtacaacgctaagagataagtaccgcagaggtcaaccgttaatcgggtatctgttcacgtggaagagagagattccgaagaaagtagaaaccgggagaatgaagaataatgattttaggaattttgaaagaacagaatatgacatcgaggaaatagagaagacggtaacaaatcttaccccgtag
>gene_44884|Putative mobilization protein
atggcacatgtagcaaaattttcgtcgggatccgcaggacacatcatcggacattgtgagcgtgaaatgtcttcccacggggattatctgaaatacaagacgggttctgatattgatacgagcagaacatatctaaataaaaaaattgaatttgaggacggtctgaccgcccatgaacgattaaaaaaacgattgagtgaagtaagagtgttgaatcgaaaagatgtcaatatcttggcagattgggttatcacttatccgcaagaacttccccaggatgatttgatgtgggactttttcgattctgcagccgaatttctgatggatagatacggagctgaaaatttagtctgtgctaatgtccacatggacgaatctcagccacatctgcactactgcttcgtgcctgttacttacgatgcgaaacgagaagattataaggtgtctgccaaggaagttctgaacaagagtgacttaatgacattccatgacgacttggaagcctatttgagcagaactatagacttcccgaagggtctgattcactccgggataaccaaggctcagggcggtaacaagactgtctccgagttgaagagcgatgtcaatctgctgaaacgacagattgaagtgcaacaatctcaccttaatgacctcgtgaaaatcaattcggtcattgaagaggctcgtgatttttatatccctgaagccaaaaaaaacgcccgtaggagcattttttaccaaggagcagtataa
>gene_8263|replication protein
atgtgctcgtggaatctggcacggcaacgggcacgcgatcttctccgcgttctgcaggagccggagcaccggggaaaacgctatctgtttgtcacgctgaccgtaagaaactgtactggcgagaacttgggcgaagtcctcgatatgatgtatgccggacttcgcaggcttacaaataagaatacatatctacagaaacgtacgcttggcatgataaagaagctcgaaattacgtataacaagaatacgaaagagtttcatccgcattttcatctgctttgtgaagtcaagccggagtatttcagaaaagacaacaagaattatgtaacgcatgacgagctcatgaagaaatggcggtgggcctgtgggcttgattatgacccgcgcgttaatattgaggccgtgcgaactgtggccagacatgatggtagcgtcgaggaggtcactaaatacgccgccaaggatagccagtacggatattcgctggagacgttcaagattttctgttctgttcttcacgggcggaggctgtacacgccgactggctcaatcaagaaaactatggctcagctcaagattgacccggacagttttgagggtgcgcgggcagaagctgcagtgccggacaatccggatattctgaagtttgtacttcggtggacatttaaagagtataagattgagatagtaaaaatcaaagctggagagaattcacggcttgcaggctgtgccctcctcggggacttcaagggttag
>gene_56399|Mob
atgggatacaaaatcggagtgccatcgctgaaattgaataatgccggaaccaggagtaagcactgcggcagcttcggcggcgtcgcatacgaggggctggaggagcgcaaaggacaggatatcgacatcaatccagaaatgtcccagttcaatgtgtacaccgggtaccgcagcgctgccgagctcatggagtacagtgcccggcacctgcaggagctaaaagatgcctctggccgaggcatccggaaggatgccgtggtcatgtgcgccaccatcttcaagccgcctgcagcatacatgaacgtcctctccatggaggagcgccagcggttcctgagggactgcttgggcttctttgcgccggtagtgggcgaagaaaacatcaagtctacagccgagcaccatgacgagaagggcgcgcaccttcacgtattctgggagcccatgaccaaggacggtcgcctctgcgccaaagagcttcacaacatcaagctctttgcgtacatcaacgaaaacctaccggcctacctccgggagcgcggctgggacatcgatgacgcagattgctacgaccgcgctcagagagagcgcaaggaactggaggccgaggaagagcgctatcagaagcgccagaagcagggccgttcctccgcagccttcaagctggatgccgaaaagcagcgtcaggagttgcagcagcagaatgaagaactgcgtgccagcaacagcaggctgctgggtgagacaggc
>gene_33218|MobA/MobL family protein
atgcccacttacacgtttctaaagaaacgtcgtgggcaagcgttccgcttgaccgtttttcgcaacgctcaaaacattatggcaatctatcatctaaatatcagacattgcagtagaaatagcggacaatccgctacggctaaatttgactatatcaaccgccttgataaatacagcaaaaaacttgaagatttgcagtattctcaaagcggtaatatgccaacatttgcacaaaataaccctgaattattttggcaatccgccgatagttttgagagagcaaacgcaaggatttgtactgaaattgagtttgcattgccaagagaattaaacctaaatcaacagcaagatttagtgcattcgttcatcaaaaaaacaatagacaacgaagacagaaaactgccttattcgttcgctatccacaccgataaagaaaatcataatccccattgccatttgattttttcggttcgccaatcagacggaatagagcgaactgccgagcagttttttaaacgtgccaattcaaaaaatccagagttaggcggagcaaaaaaagatcgtgaaattattaaacaagagtttttgcaatccgtccgcaagacgtggagagaacaagctaatcaagccttagagcaatacggacacaccgcacgaattgacgagcgaagctacaaagaacagggcgtagagcaagccccaagagccagaattgatcgggtaacttggcaagaattgaaccgcttagag
>gene_31649|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgaatgttacaatagcaacgcataatggaagtaaagtagcaagagagcataatatcagagaagagaaagttgtcagtaaagaaaaccacatagacttaaacagaatacatgagacatggatagatgagaaaccacaggacgcatatagaagattatttgaaaattcaagattagaatacaatgcaaagcagaccagagaagatagaaaaatacaggactattacaaggacatttgtaagaatgaaaagaaacacgctgtctatgaaatgataatcggaatttatggaaaagataaagacggtagacagatatgtgatgatgaaacaggaaagcaaattatgaaagaatttgtcgaaaaatggcatgaaagaaatcctaatcttgaattaatcggagcatattatcacgctgacgaagagggagagccacatgtacatcttgattatgttccagtagctcatggatactcaagaggtatggagacacagacagggcttgtaaaggctctgggagaaatgggattccagaaacagggtaaggcaacagcccagatacaatggcaggcacgagagaataaggctctggaagagatatgcaatgagtacggcttagaagtagaccacccaagagaagcaggaagacaacatatagatacagagctatataaggcacaggaagccgctagaacggcaatagacaacgcaaaggagcttttagacgaacaggacgcaataagagccgatataagc
>gene_29724|Replication protein
atggcaaaaaaatatacaaataaagacggctggcaagtagtaaagtcgaatgaatttatacaaacgactgtagatgatttaacaaaaacacaacaaaagattgtggcttttattttcagtacagtacataaagatgataaagaatttaaagaatttaatttgtcggtaagtgaattgttaactttaatggggactacggatgcaggcaaaaactataggaatgtaaaatcagcattgaagacactatatgataaatcgtggtgggtattcaaagataaaaatcctgatgaaattactctagtgcgttttttcgatgaaattacaattaattcaaaatcaaatattattaccggtaaaatttcaaacacattgaaaccatatttattggatttccaaggcaaatggacaagctatcaacttaccgattatttgaaattgaatagtgaatattctatgcatttatttgaatatcttaaatcatttgaagggcaaggttgggttttgaaaccagtggatgaaattaaagaaattatgcatgccaccgctccttcttatagtgaatttaaaagatttaatgatttaattttaaaaaaggcgattaaagaaattaatgaaaaaacggatatttatgtggtttgtactgccgaaaagataccaggaggcaaaaaaatatcgcatttacgatttggaattaaggctcaaaaattagtagaaggacgtggaccttacaataacgttttcttgaatgat
>gene_32884|Putative replication protein
atgtctgaaataaagcataaagatggaaccgtatcaaaggaatttgtacctaaagttttacctaaactaggtaaaacttcaaaagctgatgaaaagaaaactaaagctgaggtaaaaaaagaaaaagataaaagtaagcttcaaaaagaggagaaaaaacaaactaaagaagctaaagataagccgaaaacggaagttaaaacacggttttttagtggcgtactttaccccgagagtttgccagataattggctagccaagcttaaaagccttggcatggctggtgctgtaagcccccttcataaccgcgattggcaactgtctgactggacgtttaacggtatttatccagatggtaagccgaaaaaggttaaaaagcagggattaaaatcgctgtatgcttcatttaataaaaaagaacggcctaaagcacagattggcatttatgctaagtggctcttatctcgtgatatggaaccagattggaagagatttgatgcttttggtagctgggtaaaaaaggttttgaatcctgttttacctgacactgataaaattcaagtatataagaaggctcattatcattggatcttgatcgctgataagccgatgacagccaagacaatgatgcggagattgcaaaaggttttaggtgaacatgccgttagttttgctttagtgcaaccaataaaaacaactgtctggcagatgtaccaatatttcacgcatgaaagtcttgaagctaggttggcacataagcatgtatatgatgccgatgatattgtgacttttaacggttttgatattgatgcttttaaaacatactcgccagagcaaaaacgctattgtgccaagctttttagctatctgtctatagtcggtcaagaaatgaagaaactgacgggtgaggaccatttggagctaacgagtttgcattccgtacagttaagaatggcttcgcctgacgcgctaaagacctatttagaagactacgctaaaccggttatgactgcactcggtcaagaacgagtgttagcaaagtttacggctaagtatactaaggagttagctgaaatttcagatgctaaaaataaaaaagcggatgtatcaaaaccgaaaaagattaagtatcactctattgatgtcgataactcgaaaaagtcacgcgagcaactactgacagatcggttatttgatgcggagcatgcacgtagagaactagccagacaaaaaactaaacttaagttaaaaggcgaagagatggatcgtcttttacaaaatgctgaaataagatctgtactaggctttataaattatttattgacggcattagatgatactgatacttggccagataaagcgctgttttttcagagctacttggcttatcgtaatgtatatagagactatatgaacgtaaataataagaagtggtag
>gene_5643|Replication protein RepB
gtgtttttatgcagaatttcccccaagctggcacaatatatgcctttagggggattttttatggctaaaaatagtaaagaagtacaaaaaagagctgatgcgaagcgtgcacaagatacggcggaaaattgggaaatgattgtatatcctgaaagtgctcctgatgattggaaaaatattcttcgggggcttcatgttcctatgtttattagtcctttgcatgataaagatattcatgaggatggaacacaaaagaaaccgcattggcatgtaattttaatgtttggtgctaaaaagagtaaggcacaaatgaaacagattaccggacagctcaatacagttgacccgataagggtgcaaaggctttccggtgccgttagatacctcattcataaggatgacccagataaatttcagtattcatctgatgaagtagaatcgtttaatggtgcgaatttccttgaagcgattgcgtgtaatgtggatattcgtgcaggattaaaaatgatttttaagattgttcgtgatgaagatattcgtaattataatgttttattagatttgctcgaagaaatggggcgtgatgatttatggattatagctacagaaaaccgtacattagccgtaagagcttatcttgatgaccgttggaaatggatgaaagcaaaggaagaaaaagaggaaagaataaggcgtgataaatggcgtgaagcagaccaagaaatagattaccttatgggcgtcgaaaat
>gene_42485|Putative plasmid replication protein
gtgcagaagtgcaacaagaagacggacaagggcgagagcgcgccgcgcagcagatggttggaggtcacgacctatccgggggatgaggccgaccgggtggaggccgccgtggagcggctggtggactccctcgggtgtgagtgggtgagcgtcctgcatgacctcgacttgaaggagggcggggagctcaaggtggcccacgttcataccctcatgcggttcccccacgcccacacggtcacggcgatcgccaagaagctgggcgttcctgctgagagggttgaggccaaagacaacggcgagggagccatggcgtacctgctccacgagacggataaggcccgcatggagggcaagcacgtatacccgccggaggcgctgcgggggccgctggcggcggaggccgcagcggcagcggaggcggcccgagggcgagccgatgaaggtcgtcaggtacttgacattttggactggatagagggccacccgggcggcgtgagctggacagctctcgcgcgctgggccgcgcagcaaggccgctggggcaccttccggcgtgccggggtcatcttccggggcatcgtggaggagtacaacgaggcggcagcggaggccgcagagcgggcccgcgaggaggccaagcggcggacgctcgcagaggcgctggaggtcatccccggcggagatccgcagcacttcaagaagctcaaggcgctccagctgctcggagagttgggggtggaactgtga
>gene_53380|Replication protein
tacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacggctgcacaacgccacgttctgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccatccggcgcggtgccaaggctcttggcgcctatctggcccgctgggaagtgatccagggcgaacgcccggagctgcgcccctacctcgtcaccttcaccgtgaagaacggcgacgacctggaagaacgccagcgccacctgaccgcctccctcaagcgcctcagcgaccgtcgccgtaatttcaattctggctcccgtggccatccttggactgaactctgcaaggcgctgggaggcgtctacacgctcgaattgaccaatcggggcaagggatggcacccccattgccacatgatcgccctgtgcgcctctccgatcgatcagagcgccctttcccgtgagtggcacgccatcaccggtgacagcatggtcgtggacgtgcgccccatcctgggcgacccctccgaaggcttcatggaggttttcaaatacgccgtgaaattctccgacctggagctttcccagaactggcacgccgcccaggtgctgaagggcaaacgccttctgaacagctttggcctgttccgtggtgtccaggtgcccgaatcgctcctggacgagcctcttgactccctcccctactgggatcggttctaccgtttcctgggtggtgagtaccggtttactggtgaaagccccaaggggcacgggcagtag
>gene_52881|replication protein
gaacgcccggagctgcgcccctacctcgtcaccttcaccgtgaagaacggcgacgacctggaagaacgccagcgccacctgaccgcctccctcaagcgcttgcgcgaccgtcgccggttcttcaatgccggcaagcgcggttccccctggaccgaactctgtaaggccctgggaggcgtctacacgctcgaattgaccaaccggggcaagggatggcacccccattgccacatgatcgctctgtgcgcctctccgatcgatcagagcgccctttcccgtgagtggcacggcatcaccggcgacagcatggtcgtggacgttcgccccatcctgggcgacccctccgaaggcttcatggaggtgttcaagtacgccgtgaagttctccgacctggagctcgaccagaactggcacgccgcccaggtgctgaagggcaaacgcctgctgaacagctttggcctgttccgtggcctcgaggtgcccgaatcgctcctggacgaacctctggactccctcccctactgggatcggttctatcgcttcctgggcggggaataccgcttcaccggcgagagcccgaagccggctggcaccccctcccacggggtctaa
>gene_18671|Replication protein VP4
atggaagctacgcagtatcaacctggagagattgcattcgttacccttaccttctcagaggagaatgtttggactgttaatcgagagactggtcaactggttaagaccatttgggttcgtgatgtgcaaaactatatgaaacgtgtcaggactaatttgaagcgcacctttggttttactggcaaggtccgctattatgcctgtggtgagtatggtcctaaaacgcatcgaccacattaccacctcttgattttcggtatccccatcatttatcagtcggttctggacgattcatgggatttcggatttacttgcatcaagcctttcttccctgaaacttgtatctacgttgctggttacattcaaaagaagctttacggtgaagtaggttcgttcgtctatgaaggcatagagccaccgttcagtacttgttcgcatcatttaggcgaagattggttcttcaagcctagcaattacgacaacatcgtccataacggttttgtaatgtttcaaggttacaagcatgccattcctaaagctttccgcagaaagatggttgcgcttggagatcttaccaaaatggatgcctatgatttgtacctccagcaaaaggatgaagtcgtaaaattaggagatgcctgtagagctcaaggtatcagtcttagccactatttcaagtgtttcagagataactctgtagcacgtcaccttaggtataacgtcaaacgtaataaggagtttgaaccatga
>gene_56049|Mobilization protein
ccacgagaagcctatcgcaggctgttcggagctgcggttgcgaagtacaacgagcaacagagcagggacgaccgcaagataggcgactactacaggcaggtctgcaaggatgcgaaaaagcaccccgtctacgaagtcatcgttggggtgtaccccaaggatggcgagttgtcggtcgaggagcagagagccattttatggcaatatgcgaccgaatggaaaaaggccaacccccacctcgcattggtgggggtctactggcacgcagacgagcaaggacacccccatatccacatggattatattccatggtcggatgggtacaaaaaaggcccagagaggcaagcagggctcgtcagagcccttgaagctcaaggcttccataagcagggcagggagaccgcccaaatgcagtggacacgggccgagaacaatcggctcgaggccatctgcagggcccatggcttggaggtcgcccaccccctgcggggtctgcactccaagcatatgtcgagcaaggagtacaagtatcacagagctcaactgcagatactggctcagcaggtcgaccagttccgtggagctgaagatatcttccaatgggccgagaatagggtaaacactaaaacgggtcagacaatcttggaggcatactgcgattcccagaatctggattatgcgtactgggtcgaggctgtcggcctgacccccaatcctgcagggaactatgcgacctatcggacgcagtag
>gene_56814|Plasmid recombination enzyme Pre1
atggcacacattagcaaagcaacacgattacaagctgttggcttattcagacatgatatgaggttatggaaaaatcataagaatgagaatattgatccacgaatgagtaagttcaattataacttcgtatcagataatccattagaggtttatcaaaagaggttgagtgaggtttatgttcttaatcgtaaagatgtaaatacattatgcgagatagtagtctctcttccagaagaaataaagaataaaaaagacacgcaagatttttttggaatgtgttgggcgtattcagttaaaaagtttggtagagaaaatgttgtatctgcagctgtgcatatggatgaaactacacctcatattcacatcaaagcaattcccgtttattacaatgaaaagaaacaacgagagcaagttagttttgataaagtgtgcgataggacattttataaaaactttcatactgaattaaaaaaggttgttgagaataaattaggctatagtgtttcagttataaaggacgatacaattaaacgaaatttaactttagatgaatttaagaaattgaatccaactgaaaaatatcaaagaatggaacacgctgttgttgttgaaaatgaaaatagagaattaaaaaataaaattaattctctttctgaagaaaataaaacattgattaaagataataatcaattaaattacgatttaagagcaaaaacaaacgaatacaacgatatttcaaaagtattt
>gene_15969|Replication protein
atggcccgccctcgcaaggaaacccccgtttcgaacatgccggcaggcggcaacgtcacgatgcacaacacgctggtgagcgcgtcccatgggctgaaccttggcgagaagcggcttgttgcgatggcggtggcaaagctgtccccgaaggcggcggcactacccggcaagccgatcaaaatttcagccgtggatttcgccgagcaatatggggtcgatacggacacggcctatgagcagcttcgggatgctcaggaaaacctgtttcagcgttacatcacgcacatcgagcactttggtgcgaacggccagcgcgtcatggtgagcaaaatgcggtgggtctcatctatccattacgaaaagggggcaggggaggtttcgctggcctttgcgccagagattacgcagttcctcgtgcagctcaaaaagcacttcacgagctaccagctctcgaaggccgctgcgcttcgatcgacctactcctggcggctgttcgaaaatcttgaacgcttccgggaaaccggggtctgggaagtggacatggatcgcttccacacgatcatggagaccccaaaaagctatcggcgcaacttcaacgatgcccgtcgcttcgtgatcgatccagcgatttcggaactggccgccaaaacgaacatcacggcggaggttgagcctatccgtcggggccgtaagattgctcgactgcgatttactttcgagaacgccagccaaatgaacctgccactatga
>gene_52150|Plasmid replication protein
atgtctaaagacaagagtaatcaaagcaagtacaaagatcgaaaaaagcagtacgacgaaaaacgtgctggccagcgaacacgcaactgggcgatcatcttctatccggaagatcttccggaagactggaaggatcagttagatagcctgatggttaaatggatcgaagggccgctgcatgatcaagactttaacgctgatggtttagctaagaaaccgcaccatcacactctctggatgtttggcagcgtgaaatctgcagaacaggtagagcagatctttaaagatttgtttggcgagtctgagaacgggacgattatcggcacggctgcaccacaacaagtaagtgatcgaagcgcagtagttcgctacatggctcacttggacaaccccgataaagctcaatatgacgtcaatgacatcatcggtcataacggagccgatccgagcgaggttatgaggtattcagccactgaaacacgtgaaatgatagtggccatggaagagtacatagagcagaataacatcactgaactcgctgatttttcagcggcaatccgatacgattacccagagtggcatactatcttagcaacaaagatgacgctttactttacagcctttcttcgctccaggagacacgctatgacgaatcagctaaaggttaaacttcctgatacacgacaggtcgatcccgataccggagagatcctggaaggcggtgacatcaatggcagcgaagaagattag
>gene_28230|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gctacaccacatttgcacgtaacctttattccacatgctagtggctataaaaagggtcttaaaaagcgttgtagcacctctaaggcactggaaagcatggggtataaaggtactgaacgtaatatgcggtcttggaaacaagaacaggaagaaacaatcgaaaagctgatggcagaacgtgacatagagcgtgtgcgtttaggaactaatcgtgaccgcgtttctgtggcggtctacaaagagattaaagagcaagtgcttgacgatacactgttggagaaagccgaattggaacttaaggtcggaatccttaaggataagcatgaggaccttaaacaagagtgtaaagcattcgtagaagagcgtgagagccttttagagacgatttccgacctaaagacggagaaaagtaccctcgaaactgatttgaaccgtttaaaagcgtttttaagcaagttaaagggtgccgtagataatttaatggctatacttcataactctcctaaagaccgcactgtacaaggcgagagagccattgaatttattaaggctaggggtttagagcaggagttccaaaaatacctcgttcaacccgttaaagagattgagcgtagctttgataatgacgtaaaaatgacatttgagagatggaaagagaaaatcaatcgtccatcaagttcaaaatcaaatattggctttccaaatcaagacaaaggcagaaatcacattgatgatgaccgtattcgctga
>gene_53831|Replication protein repB
atgaaagaagattgggaaataacgataggcgacacggtgcagtatccatacgcctactgctgtcatacagcggataaggacagtaaaagcgaacatcgtaaggatcatgtacatgttatcttagcgttcccgaacacaacaacttataaacatgctatgagcgtgtttgatttattatcagcagatggtaaaaaagcgctgaataagtgtgaagcgattattggtatccgcaatgtttacgactatctgattcacgatacagaagcctgcaggaagcaggggaaagagctgtactcaaaagaaagtcgaatcaccggcaataacttcgatatcggtgcttatgaacagctgggcgtggcagagaaaaacgctatgtttctggagctgggtaacgccatcagaagtaacaacttcactaactacatggatttctatgagtatgtggttgatacctacgaagatatgaactatatcgaggttatgagaatttacagcggtcactttgaacgaatgaccagagggaactatcagcgttgggaacagcgtaggcgtatcgctctggagaatgttaattgtgatgatgaaccatcagaaagtgtgtccgtcacaagcccagacacaccagacacaccccagacacaccctatttgttgtcctggatgtggttctaatgacattaagaaaaacggcgaaacccgctctgggactgcacgttggcggtgcaaggattgcggaaagtcgttcacctag
>gene_38717|Mobilization protein
atggcattcagttacagttttcatttatcggcaaagagccatgcggtttcaaatactggcaaagtggcaagcgtatcaaaacacaatttaagagcttatcaatcaaacaactacgacaaggggcttataaacgtcctagaaggctcaaaaacgaatatcatggatgacatcgcaaaaatctatgaggaagagtttaaagagcctctaaaagcatataacgagcgtgtgagagctgatagacagatagatgactacctaaaacacgtttctgacagtagaagtgatgttgcagcagaaattattatccaagtcggtgacagagatttctgggcggataaaacggcagcggataaaagagttatggacgagattttccaaaaacaactcgaccacctcaagcaagaatgccctaattttaagattgcatcggcggttatccattacgatgaatcaagcccacatatgcacgttgtaggtgttccaattgctgacggatacaaaaaaggcttagaaaaacaagtcgcaaaaacaaaggtatttacacaagaatcgttgtcaacgcttcaagacaccatgagaaataatgtgacagagctgatcaggagcaaagaagtctttgcggatgttcagctcaaagacaaagaaaagggcagaaacaaggacattccgaaagaatcactcgatgagttttatagcctccaagagcaaaataaggaacttgcagcagagcaacaagaggctactcaagaacttgaccgaatcaacgacatgagaaaatacttcaaaggtcaaaaaagtgagcatgagtacggacaaaaagatgctgatggcaacttccaaaaggctgatacacttgtagatattcaaaacaagctgcatgaggaacaggcaagattgaatcagctagaagaccaagagctgcagattaaggcatatgttaaaaagcaagcttatggttctactacatacaagagcttttgtgatgattgggctatcgagcctcagaatttaaccaggcatgatattgaaattattacagatggaatcgaaaagagatatttaagtatcgatgatttgccaataaaagctcaaatagaggttgccaagcaattgactaatgaaattaagttactaaacaatcgaaggcttaaattggcaaatgagaaccttcaaaagggcatagataacatagacttcaaggagataatgaactcagcattaacaaataacctagtgcttgaagttcaaagcaaaacaattgagcagctatacgaagccaatgttttaaaatgctcaccttttgaagctcaattcaaggtcaatcacaaatcaatcattcaggaactaaaagacacaatcagtaatttcatagacaaagtaaaagaacacgctcagcaattatttgagagaaactttgacgattacacacgctag
>gene_29277|Chromosome partitioning protein ParA
atgaaagcaaaaatcatagccgtggccaatcataaaggcggtgtcggaaagacagcttctgtagccactatcggcgccatcctggcagctaaaggcaagaaggttcttcttatggacctcgacactcaggccaaccttactcgtcatttcttcgccgagattccttcgcgaattgtataccacgcaatcagggagaggaaggatcttccaatctatccggtgcgccagaacctcgacctcactccgtccggacttgagatggctggaatcgagattgagatgacaaacatgaggagaagagaagatgttcttaaggatcttctcgagcctcagaagagtcgctatgatttcattcttcttgactgtcccccatctctcggactcatcacgatgaatgcccttgccgcggctaacaaactcatagttccgatgaagacagacttgatgtcatcatatggtcttaacatgatggatacattctgcgcagaaatgcaggatcttaatccaggtatccatattgatttcatcttctttaatatctatgaaaagggacagactatgacagatatcgtcgaggcagacgtgagagcaaagtatggtgatcgagttcttgatactgtcgttcgcaagaataatgacgtagctaaagctgcatttgaatatactgatgtagttacagcttatcctggatcaaatggagcgaccgacttccaggttcttgtagacgaactcctgttaaaattataa
>gene_29142|Replication protein
catcttgataatccagagaaggcaagctatagccccgaagatgttatttgctacaatggtgcagattggttgacagccatatctttgaaaagtgaccgctattcagccattgaagagatgatggacttttgtgaccgttatcagctgcattcattccaggcattaaatacatacgccaggaatgaacgtaaagccgattggtttagagctttatgcgatggtggggcatatattatgcgtgagtattgcaagtcgttgcaatggcaaaaacaggatggtggcataatgagtattgatgacataaaagcgcgaatgcaagccattgatagcggtgaaattgatactcaaaatgttgtctaa
>gene_29138|Plasmid replication protein
atgcagaaaaaaacaaggtctgatgcatgtactgggaatacggagcaacagaccaataatcaagataatactagcacagctagtaaaaaatcgcaagtacgccttgataaaaagagccgtgaatggacttgtttggtttacgaagattcggctccggagaactggcgtgagcttgtccaacagacgtttttagaggcctacatatcgccacggcatgatgaggatactaatcccgatggagagctcaaaaagccccattttcacgttgtattggcgtgggctggtcctactacgtttcaaaacgcaaaagacattatggagtcatttggtggcgttatagagccacgtgtggtcggttcattgcgtggcatctgcagatacctg
>gene_43333|Replication protein repB
atggcgaaaattagggtcgaggataaaaaaaataaaccgtcttctgcgccaacagaaaagacggtttcaaaatcagatattaaaaatctcgataaatccaatatatcacaaccaggaacaaaagacaaacgttgccgttggtgggctttggaagtttatccagagtctgcaagtgaaaattggcaacaacttttgaacggatataaatgggctttatcgccattgcatgacaaagatgtaaatgcagatggaagtcctaaaaaagctcattggcatttagccgtatattttccaaacaaggcatattataacgaggttgtagaacttgcatttgatttaagcaaaatgaaacacgttcaaccgataaaaaatttacaaggcatgatacgttattttgctcatttggataatcccgaaaaatatcaatacgacccgaaagaaataaaaagtttcggtggctttgatgtagcaaaatatttgcaaacaacaacagatattgatgagctcataagagaaattgaaacgtatgttcgacataatgctgttacggaatatgcagagcttgtagatatatcaagtgatttacatgatgaacatcccgaatggcataagtgtataacaacacatacaatacattttaaagcgtatgtatcatctaaaagacatgcaccgcccaaaaaagaacaagaagaaaatattcaaaatttagttgatgaggtattaaaaaatgattctggagaaagctga
>gene_39726|Replication protein repB
atggcgaaaattagggtcgaggataaaaaaaataaaccgtcttctgcgccaacagaaaagacggtttcaaaatcagatattaaaaatctcgataaatccaatatatcacaaccaggaacaaaagacaaacgttgccgttggtgggctttggaagtttatccagagtctgcaagtgaaaattggcaacaacttttgaacggatataaatgggctttatcgccattgcatgacaaagatgtaaatgcagatggaagtcctaaaaaagctcattggcatttagccgtatattttccaaacaaggcatattataacgaggttgtagaacttgcatttgatttaagcaaaatgaaacacgttcaaccgataaaaaatttacaaggcatgatacgttattttgctcatttggataatcccgaaaaatatcaatacgacccgaaagaaataaaaagtttcggtggctttgatgtagcaaaatatttgcaaacaacaacagatattgatgagctcataagagaaattgaaacgtatgttcgacataatgctgttacggaatatgcagagcttgtagatatatcaagtgatttacatgatgaacatcccgaatggcataagtgtataacaacacatacaatacattttaaagcgtatgtatcatctaaaagacatgcaccgcccaaaaaagaacaagaagaaaatattcaaaatttagttgatgaggtattaaaaaatgattctggagaaagctga
>gene_13739|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagaaaaagtaaaaccacaactcaaggcaagatattggacgggtgttttatatcctgaaaatatgattgatgattggcagactgaaatcggggatatcctgcagttaccgtatgcgtattgcctacacgacaaagacgatttagcggaatacagagcagggaagaccgcaaaaaaagatgtgcaggaacgagatagaaagaaacatgtacatatcatcattgcatttccgaacacaacaacatacaacttcgcattggaaacattcaaaaaactgtcgaaagacggtgctaaatgtatcaataagtgcgaaagtgtaaccaatattcgaaatgtatatgagtatctgctacacaacacggaaacggctaaaaagcagaaaaagtatctgtaccctgctaatgagcgtatcacgggcaataacttcgatatcggtgcttatgaacagttaagcattaaagaaaagcaggatatgaaaattgagttgggcgatgttatcatagagcacaactttacaaactactcggatttttatatgtttgtcagaagtaatatggacgatgagtatatggaaatcctcacaacatatagcggacattttgagaaactgacaagaggaaattatcagcgttttgagatggaacgagagattgaaaaaagagtagaagacagatgtcacgatatcatacaagagtgtaactctttgagaagtgcactgatgaaatacaagaaggctgaggactaa
>gene_42775|Plasmid replication protein
gtgggtataataataagcaggaggtactatatcatgaaagcaagagtattcaatattatgcagtatgagaagcacccaacaacgggagaagacctcataaacgaagatattattaaggttgcattagcacataagaccataaagaaatgggcgtatgtatgtcatgatagggatgtatattcgctaaaggacgaagcagacgacaccacgggaacacgcaaggcaggagatacaaagccaagacattggcatattgtatgcgagtgccctaacaagatagaggtgtcggctattgcaaaatggttcggtattcctgaaaactttgtggatgttcctaaaggggtaggagcttttctagattgcgtggagtacctcacgcatgaggacgacaagcaggaaaagctgggtaaacgccgttatgaggatgacgaagtaaaggcttcattcgactttagggatgagctgacaaagcgtgcagagaagaaagctaagtacggcaaagaccttgatacaaagtcacgcatccgttacgaagttctttacaatggcatgactttgaagcaggctcttgcagaagaccgcttcaactacatggatgaccttgagaagctcaagaagttccgcatggaatacattggaaatatgcaaccgcctacaacaagaattaactactacgtcacgggtcgtggtggagtgggtaaaggtctgatatgcagagcaatagcaagaaaccttttcccacaatacgaagacgattacgacatattctttgaggttggtgcaaagggtgcggcgttcgagggatatgacgggcaacccgttatcatttggaatgaccgcagagctatcgacttgttgcaggagctgaacggcaggggcaacgtgttcaatgtattcgatacacacccaacgaagcagaagcagaacatcaagtacggctctgtaaatctctgcaacgtggtcaatatcgtaaactctgtacagagttatgaggactttcttgacgggcttgcaggagagtacaaggacaaggacggcaaccttgtggaagtcgaagacaagggacagagttaccgccgttttccgttcatgatagtcctgcatgaaaaggattttgatatgctcttaaacaagggattttatgacggaacgaagacctttacagagtattatgagtacaaccatattaggggcaatatgcagagaatagcggagcgttgcggagcaaacgagaagcttgcaaagcagatacaaggacagtgcgtgaagcctatctctgataagcataacgaagttatggaacgccttgagcatccaacggatgacgagcaggcaatccttgcagagttcgcagacgttggaacgattgacggcggtgcaagggatgacttcatggaagtaaccgacacaacagatttaccattcaagtag
>gene_1036|Plasmid replication protein
gtgggtataataataagcaggaggtactatatcatgaaagcaagagtattcaatattatgcagtatgagaagcacccaacaacgggagaagacctcataaacgaagatattattaaggttgcattagcacataagaccataaagaaatgggcgtatgtatgtcatgatagggatgtatattcgctaaaggacgaagcagacgacaccacgggaacacgcaaggcaggagatacaaagccaagacattggcatattgtatgcgagtgccctaacaagatagaggtgtcggctattgcaaaatggttcggtattcctgaaaactttgtggatgttcctaaaggggtaggagcttttcttgattgcgtggagtacctcacgcatgaggacgacaagcaggaaaagctgggtaaacgccgttatgaggatgacgaagtaaaggcttcattcgactttagggatgagctgacaaagcgtgcagagaagaaagctaagtacggcaaagaccttgatacaaagtcacgcatccggtacgaagttctttacaatggcatgactttgaagcaggcccttgcagaagaccgcttcaactacatggatgaccttgaaaagctcaaaaagttccgtatggaatacattggaaatatgcaaccaccaacaacaagaattaactactacgtcacgggtcgtggtggagtgggtaaaggtctgatatgcagagcaatagcaagaaaccttttcccacaatacgaagacgattacgacatattctttgaggtcggtgcaaagggtgcagcgttcgagggatatgacgggcaacccgttatcatttggaatgaccgcagagctatcgacttgttgcaggagctgaacggcaggggcaacgtgtttaatgtattcgatacacacccaacgaagcagaagcagaacatcaagtacggctctgtaaatctctgcaacgtggtcaatatcgtaaactctgtacagagttatgaggactttcttgacgggcttgcaggagagtacaaggacaaggacggcaaccttgtagaggttgaggacaagggacagagttaccgccgtttcccgttcatgatagtcctgcatgaaagggactttgatatgctcttgaacaaggggttctatgacggaacgaagacctttacagagtattatgagtacaaccatattaggggcaatatgcagagaatagcggagcgttgcggagcaaatgaaagacttgcaaagcagatacaagggcaatgcgtgaagcctatctctgataagcataacgaagtcatggaacgccttgagcatccaacggatgacgagcaggcaatccttgcagagttcgcagacgttggaacgattgacggcggttcaagggatgacttcatggaagtaaccgacacaacagatttaccattcaagtag
>gene_42165|Replication initiation factor
ttgtcctctgagtcgatttcggaagctcggttcgactggtacgccgcgacggtccgtgtgaactccgcgctcgtcctcaaacagctcgccgaatcgctgcgggtcgagctccgggagctctccaaaggactcaacgggtacacgaaccaagtcgagctccgtcgtgacggtgaggtcatcggaaaggtcctctacggcggcaacggcggcagtccgcatgtcttcgcgtcgggctcgaacgccgacgaactcgcccacgttttgcgggaactgtggccggatcatcacggggtctcccggtgcgatgtcgcgatcgactttgacggcccgagtacctgggatcggctggaagcgttcgccaggaacttcgcagcggaacaaggcgtcaagacctcggtttacggcgactggatcacgcccggttcgcccgacggacgcacgctctatctcgggtcgcggaagtcggcggtgttcctccgcatctacgagaagggcaagcaacttcgcgggcttgccatcggttcgggtcaagacccggaaggcttctccgaggacctggtgcgcgtcgagatccaggtgcgaccggagaaggattctcggcagatcgccgctcagatggacccagtagccgcctacggcttctcccggtggtcgcagacgttcgcctctgacctgttcggcctcgacctcgaacgggtctccatcaagcacgtccgggactcggacgatgaccgggcgctt
>gene_57887|Replication protein
atgtttaaagaatatcaaaacatagagcggaccacaatgctctcaaaagctaatttctgcaaacacagtttatgtccgttatgcgcttacagaaaatcgctaaaattgtataatattgtcgaaaaagcaacgcggttcatagtagaaaatcacaaaggatatttatatcatctcattcttgcgataccgaatatagatgatatagacaaaaaaagtctctcccggttgaaagctaaagcggtatatttttgtaaaagatatttaaataccgaaaattattacagtagtttagaaataacctactcaaaacaaacgaaatttcatccacatttgcatattttactatatgtggataactttgttgaaatcacctcggattacatatacgaaatggcgcaacagtggaaaaagatatataataaaaaagacgaaaaacactcgtcttatacattttatttaaaaggtgtaacagatttaagcgcgttacatgaattaacaaaatatgttataaaatcattcaaaatagatgatctaaaagacgcaatcaaaaacactgcgcttttatttgaattaaaaggtataagaaaaacctctgcaggcggtctatttaaaatttatattgaaaaagcaaaaaaagagataagcgcagaatattttgaaaaattacaaagtttaaacggaattgattatatttacagaatattcgaatacatacaagaggcagagcgctacaccgaaaaataa
>gene_42806|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
gtgcaaacgcttgttttttgccctgttttgtggtataatcttgtgactgtcgctgtaaaagggggacaaggcaacatttttgggattgtaaacgacgcttggaaatggcttgataacgccgactgcgacgcgccacaaagcgcgttactcgcggcattgaccgcgccatgtatgcaggtcgggcaggcgattattattcgggacaacggtattattaagggggtttgcatattgaagacacaatacatcgcgcggcgtgaattggaacacgtattagccgcgttaacgccgtcaaatcggctggcgtgtgaaatttcgcttcatacggggttgagaatttccgatgtgctcggcatcaaaacggaacagcttagaaatgagaatcgacgcataaccgttcgggaactgaaaacggggaaaacgaagcgtgtatatttgcccgctgagttacattcccgcgctcttgaccttgccgggagacattacgtttttgagtgccggactgattgccggcgccaccggacacgacaggcagtatataaagacctcaaacgcgcggcgaagctcttccggctgcatcagaatatcgcgccgcattcttgtcgtaaggtttacgcggttgaacaattccaccgctgcggggatctcggaaaagttcgggagcttttgaatcattcatcggaagccgtaacaattctttatgcgctggctgatcagcttactaagagaacgattaaatcttga
>gene_51299|Replication protein
actctgacggtcaaagatggcccagacctggctgaacggttccagcacctgcacaaagcccaacgggagctttggaaaaggaaacagcgtggccgtggttccgtcctcgatggcgtcaagggcgcagtgtggagttacgaggtaaagcgtggttcaggctctggcatgtggcacccgcatttgcacatgatcgttctggctgagtcgatgacgttggaagaggcggacagtctcgggccgctctcgcgcgagtggaaaaacatcaccggggattcacacatggtgaatgttcgcctggtcgatgaggaagaccctgtttcaggcttcatcgaggtctttaagtacgcggtgaagttctccgaccaggagccagccgatacggtgcatgcctgggagactctcaaggggaaacggttgctcgaaagtgcgggaattttccggggtctcgtggtgcctgaggaactgacagacgactgttcagacctggctggattgccgttcatggacatgctctataggcacaccagggccggttattccctcgaattggtcacacctggccaagagcctgaaaagcctctctctaggggtaaggggaaggctccagaccctagccggccttcgtatacccgggatcagttccagcggctttatcgacagtttcagaacgataaagagttcgaccggcgacgatctgagcggctgcgtgaatatcgactaggggccgcctctcctctttcctga
>gene_34321|Protein Rep
ttgaaaaaaatcaaagatttagcccaaaatcagcaaaatagttacttcacaaaaattatacaaaccaataacgttattgaagtgtatacatatgagcatttaaacatcaattccggtggtgctcgtgaaaaaaccggcttgaataatgagcataattatcaaaacacccaaaaggctcgccggtcacgtataagacagctttgcactatgaattttgatagctctagtaaatttgttactctgacctttgataacttccgtgattttgatatttgcgacgttaaagcttgtaatgcatattttcatgattttataaagcgtttgaaatatcgctataaagaccttatgtatttagccgttatagaatttcaagataaaaataatcgtggtgccgttcattatcatttgctttgcaatctgccatatatcaagaaatcagaattacaagacatttggggtgcaggttttataaaaatcaataaaatcgataaagttgataatatcggtgcttacgtaaccaagtacatgaacaaagatttagacgataaacgtttatgtggtcttaaagcttatcagcatagccgtaaccttaaagagcccttgtgcttttcgtcctgggcaactcctcttgatacttcgcaattacttaaagatttagaaaataaaacaccctcgtacgtgtcagcatacgagagtgataacgcaggtcatatcacctacaaacaatataacttgcttagataa
>gene_48471|Protein Rep
ttgaaaaaaatcaaagatttagcccaaaatcagcaaaatagttacttcacaaaaattatacaaaccaataacgttattgaagtgtatacatatgagcatttaaacatcaattccggtggtgctcgtgaaaaaaccggcttgaataatgagcataattatcaaaacacccaaaaggctcgccggtcacgtataagacagctttgcactatgaattttgatagctctagtaaatttgttactcttacctttgataacttccgtgattttgatatttgcgacgttaaagcttgtaatgcatattttcatgattttataaagcgtttgaaatatcgctataaagaccttatgtatttagccgttatagaatttcaagataaaaataatcgtggtgccgttcattatcatttgctttgcaatctgccatatatcaagaaatcagaattacaagacatttggggtgcaggttttataaaaatcaataaaatcgataaagttgataatatcggtgcttacgtaaccaagtacatgaacaaagatttagacgataaacgtttatgtggtcttaaagcttatcagcatagccgtaaccttaaagagcccttgtgcttttcgtcctgggcaactcctcttgatacttcgcaattacttaaagatttagaaaataaaacaccctcgtacgtgtcagcatacgagagtgataacgcaggtcatatcacctacaaacaatataacttgcttagataa
>gene_20189|Rep protein
atgaattttgatagctctagtaaatttgttactctgacctttgataacttccgtgattttgatatttgcgacgttaaagcttgtaatgcatattttcatgattttataaagcgtttgaaatatcgctataaagaccttatgtatttagccgttatagaatttcaagataaaaataatcgtggtgccgttcattatcatttgctttgcaatctgccatatatcaagaaatcagaattacaagacatttggggtgcaggttttataaaaatcaataaaatcgataaagttgataatatcggtgcttacgtaaccaagtacatgaacaaagatttagacgataaacgtttatgtggtcttaaagcttatcagcatagccgtaaccttaaagagcccttgtgcttttcgtcctgggcaactcctcttgatacttcgcaattacttaaagatttagaaaataaaacaccctcgtacgtgtcagcatacgagagtgataacgcaggtcatatcacctacaaacaatataacttgtttagataa
>gene_34673|Protein Rep
ttgaaaaaaatcaaagatttagcccaaaatcagcaaaatagttacttcacaaaaattatacaaaccaataacgttattgaagtgtatacatatgagcatttaaacatcaattccggtggtgctcgtgaaaaaaccggcttgaataatgagcataattatcaaaacacccaaaaggctcgccggtcacgtataagacagctttgcactatgaattttgatagctctagtaaatttgttactctgacctttgataacttccgtgattttgatatttgcgacgttaaagcttgtaatgcatattttcatgattttataaagcgtttgaaatatcgctataaagaccttatgtatttagccgttatagaatttcaagataaaaataatcgtggtgccgttcattatcatttgctttgcaatctgccatatatcaagaaatcagaattacaagacatttggggtgcaggttttataaaaatcaataaaatcgataaagttgataatatcggtgcttacgtaaccaagtacatgaacaaagatttagatgataaacgtttatgttgtcttaaagcttatcagcatagccgtaaccttaaagagcccttgtgcttttcgtcctgggcaactcctcttgatacttcgcaattacttaaagatttagaaaataaaacaccctcgtacgtgtcagcatacgagagtgataacgcaggtcatatcacctacaaacaatataacttgtttagataa
>gene_37849|Protein Rep
ttgaaaaaaatcaaagatttagcccaaaatcagcaaaatagttacttcacaaaaattatacaaaccaataacgttattgaagtgtatacatatgagcatttaaacatcaattccggtggtgctcgtgaaaaaaccggcttgaataatgagcataattatcaaaacacccaaaaggctcgccggtcacgtataagacagctttgcactatgaattttgatagctctagtaaatttgttactctgacctttgataacttccgtgattttgatatttgcgacgttaaagcttgtaatgcatattttcatgattttataaagcgtttgaaatatcgctataaagaccttatgtatttagccgttatagaatttcaagataaaaataatcgtggtgccgttcattatcatttgctttgcaatctgccatatatcaagaaatcagaattacaagacatttggggtgcaggttttataaaaatcaataaaatcgataaagttgataatatcggtgcttacgtaaccaagtacatgaacaaagatttagatgataaacgtttatgttgtcttaaagcttatcagcatagccgtaaccttaaagagcccttgtgcttttcgtcctgggcaactcctcttgatacttcgcaattacttaaagatttagaaaataaaacaccctcgtacgtgtcagcatacgagagtgataacgcaggtcatatcacctacaaacaatataacttgcttagataa
>gene_48845|DNA replication protein
atgaataatgagaccatccttaagatgcagaagatgcggcttccggccctggtccagaactatcgggaacagcttgaaagaccggaactttacgatcacatgacttttgaagaacgtgtcaccctgatggtcgatgccgaatacgattccagagagaacaacaagatcaggcgtctgctgaaacagtccagcatccccaacagtaccgcctacatggaagggatcgaatatcttcccgacagacacctgaacaaagaagtcctttccctgctccagacgaatgactacatccgcaagggactgaacgttatgctgatcggagcgaccgggtgtggaaagacgtatatagcctgcgcactcgcaacgaacgcctgccgccacgaatacaagactctgtattaccggctgaacgaattcttcgcagaacttgaagccgcaagactgcaggggacttatgaagatctgctcgttcggctcggcaaggtaccgctcctgatactggacgattatctgctgcttccgacaaccgccgaacaacagcgggatctgttgattctgatgcggtcaagagatgagaatcagcgttcaacggttctgtgttcacaggtctccgtccagggttggcacgaacgtcttgggagcggcggtgtggctgatacgcttctcgacaggatcactacaaatggctacgaactgaatatcgatggtgacgtttcaatgagaaaacgtcatagcaggatttag
>gene_56089|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgtctggaaatcagtccgcaatacatattattaatggatttgagggtatgccagaagctcaaatagcatcctgttttaatgatgcgcaaaatgctgtagaacttttttataccgatgttgttataagatcgagtttgcgaagaccagaagatggagaggtggcaatagagccgaaatcattagaaaaaagcagtgtgttcattgttatatcagaggataatttggagttatacagtccgttgatgagcattataagttcgcaaatagcacaatatattatcacacgaaaagttacggatgaaagccctatgttgcttctttattgggatgagttcggatcacttcgattggatggcgaaatggtgcttgcaatagtaagacgggcgagaaaacgaaaaacaagagctatgatattgtgtcagaatacaattgacctaaatatattgtacggagctgacgtggcagaagctattctgtcaaatatgagatataatttattgcttggtgggttgggatcgcccaagtcgatgctatactttagtgagctgatcggatataggaaaagcataaaaaggagtgttacaaaaggttcaaattccagttccagaacggaaacgctggaaagggaatttataatcgagccaggcgaactggatcggcaggataaggacacggcaattcttatagcacctaaggaagcgaatggatatttaaagctgaaaaagaaatattattataaataa
>gene_29019|Plasmid recombination protein
atgctgcgtatgcgtaaaaggggtgcagggacctccctgccccgcgaccttgacaaaggtatagtgggctataccttggcacggacacaaggggagcagcggaagctagctgcttccattgggttcgagcaacaacgggagatagttgttgcgttggcatggtatgcccacgctcatattttttgcatagcgaatggagatgatgaaatggcagtttacggaattatgcacacgataaagttgaaagcaaacaacacaatgggtgtgcagcttgaaaacaacaggacgaaaaaggactgtgaaagaacatttgcaggcagtcagatagaatgggatatgacggacgaaaatgtacattgggtgcatagtggaaactgggataaatcagcatatgaactgtgccaaaaatatgacgttcagaaagttaaaaaagattctgtggtggctctgcaaactgtttacacagcttcaagagaatggttcacaatggacgaaaatggtggtctggtttttgatgaaaaagcagagcagtttttcagagattgcatgaaatttcatgttgagaattattgcggtggccgtgaagatttgttaatcaatgcggtggtgcatctggatgaaattcatgcagatggaacaggaagcatccacttccattgcacatcggttcccattgcagaaaatgaacggggtgagttcgttttatcagcaaaaagggtgctgggtggacgtaaggaaatg
>gene_42757|recombinase
atgcgcacgcaaaaaataaagagcgttcagaacgtggcagcttcacttgaccaccatttgaggacacgggacacgccgaacgcagacaaaggaaaaatagagcagaattactactacccgaataaatacgagaataaaaacgacaaaagacatatcgagaacaatgaccctgctatacgtgaagcgatgaagcgcaaggcacttgtcgatttcaaatcgaagctgcccgacaaagtaagcaaaaatgccgtccttgctgttgaattgcttatgaccttatcgcccgaagctgcacagaagaaagattttaacgccgagaaattctgcgactgcgccacaaactgggcacatcagaaattcggcaaggataatatttattttatcgcttatcaccttgacgagaaaactccgcacgtatctgttcagctcgtcccgaaagacgacaaaggcaagctgaattgtcgatactatctcggcggacgtaagaaactccgagacctgcaggacagcttcgcagaggaaatgggaaagttttttggactggagcgaggaataaaaggcagtaaagcgcaacaccaaaaagttaaacgcttctacgatgccataaatcggcaacaagacgccgaaaaggatatagttacccaactccaagaagaagtgcccgaaatgaccctttatgagcgtgcttttgcacccgacaaatacagggcacgggttgaggaaaaagttaatcagactttgcaagacacggcggataattattccgctcagcttgcagaagctgaacgcttaagagcagcgcaggaaagcgtagagcgtgaacacagatatatacaggctgcacttgcaagagaccgccgactgcttgaggaagaatatcaaaaacgacttgatgagaagcgaaaagaactgaaagaacactacgataacaggcttcaagaccaaaaagacaagtgggcaaaggaaaaaacagaactcgaagccgttaacgcagccgtgcaaaaagaaagagaccgtgcccaaaacaaggcgggatttttccttgcacagtctgcagactggtataaaaaaacagggctggctatggcacaacgaggttgcaagaatttttccgagtacgatgcagcagttaaagcagagaaaaaagaacggcaggcgatacttgataaaggctttggaaatgtcggctgggaactgacggagcgaggaacaatagaactgttcacaagagaaacatacggcaaaaatagagcaacaaagccgttttttgagttgacagaaaaggactggatagacgctttgacgagaggacaacatcccaaagtgagagaacagttttacgtcaattatttgaaaaaacaagcggacggaagttttcatattgcaggtaatcaccgagaagataacgaaagaggtatgagcataaaatag
>gene_1241|Replication protein RepB
atggaaaaaagtcaagtcagcgcagaaagaaaacaaataatagtaaaatcaaatcaggtaatacaaaaaagcagataccatttgacaatacaacaacaaaaactaatattatatttgatttcaaaaatacgccctaccgatacagaattcaaagaatatattttcgacttgaaagatatttgtaaaatattaggaattgaaataaacggcgctaattatgttagatttaaagaaagtttaaagaaaattgcagatactagtttttggttagagatagacggaaaagatagactttatagatggatagacgatatagaaataaatagaaatgaaacacaagtaaaaataaaattagatgaagatttaaaaccttttctattgcaattaaaagagagttttacattctatcaattagaaaatgtactttgttttgattgcaaatatagttttcgtctatacgaattatttaaaagttatgagtttaaaacaaacttattaatatctgttgaagaattaaaaaggtatttaatggcagaaaataaatacgatagatttacactttttaaaacaaacgtattaaataaagcaatagacgaaataaataaatataccgacatacaagttagttatacattgataagagaaaatcggataataaaatatatagattttgaattatatagaagtatgatagtagagaaaagcaaccaagaaaatagaaataatagattaggtggtaaataa
>gene_89|relaxase
atggcaatcgttcgcttcttgaattacaaacgacagcagacgccggccctcctgcgtttcgttctgcagtacaccatgcgggaggacaagacgatctctgaaaacaaaaagcttgtcacaggaatgaactgcacaccgcagtcctccttcaccgagtttcagaataccaaacggctctacggaaaagagaacggaagattgttctatcacttcgttcagtccttccccatcggagaagcagtctccccggaaaccgcacatgaaattgctctgcgcctcgcagccgaaagtgaaaagctgaaaggctttgaggtatcgaaacacgtaaggtgggtgcaaagtgggtgtggtctattccaaatgaagattgcaacattgcagaggtgtcctatggagaaggatgaaaaggctgtgttctgcaaggttgcgcagggagtcctttgcattgttgcattgttctttttaccgccccgtaagccgcagaaacgccttgtgtgccgttttgcgtgcaaggacgggaaagtatgccacctacagatatttcctctttttctgccgttatatcggggaagcgacaaccgcagggattacggttctttactctctcttcggagagagtgccagcatcgccttcggctgtacgctgaccgctgctgcggccgccgtcctgcctcggctgcatgggcgggcagaagccctgcacccacttcagattacgaaacaaggagaaatcacccatga
>gene_19686|Chromosome partitioning ATPase
atgaaagaaatcatagcaattatatcgcgtaaaggcggcaccgggaaaaccacaacggcgcaaagcctggcggcggctctgatccataaaggctatacagctttattaatagatctggacgcgcaacggaatttaaccgcagctgccggcgcaaaattaaccgggtataatataacacatttgcttgaaggatccgcaacggctcagcaagtaatacaacacaccagaaacggcgacataataacggccagtccatttttagccggagcagatatagcaatgaccggcgacaaagaattaaaacgcgccataatacctattttaaacgactatgattatattttgatcgataccccggcgaactacggaaaattaaccagaaacgcattaacggccgccacaagtgcaattataacagcacaagccgccacatttagtttacaaggcctaaaagaaattattgatatagtcgaacagataaaaataataaatcctggcttaaagttgcgcggcgtgttgataactaactatagcggacgaagcaacaaagttaaacaattagttgaagatctgaaagccgccgcgctggatctgggaacaattgtatttaatccggctataagagctacagacaaagtaacagaagcgcaagccgaaaaaataaatataattgactatgcgccaaaatcaacagcggcgcaatgttatttagaaatagcagatataatatcaagctggtaa
>gene_21788|Replication protein
gtgctccaggagcgcggctacgccttggccgggaacaagcactcggtgaagacctgcggcacccgtccccgtcgccgtgacggcgaggttgcgctcggtgtgggtgagcatggcggcgtccagacctgcggcatgcagcattgctcgagccggtggtgcccgcgctgctggggactcgtcacccgcgaccgcgcccgcgacgtccaggcggtcaccaaatgggccgctgaccagggatatcttctcgccctggtcaccctgaccgccgcccacgtgaccgaggagaccaaggccgccgccgccgccgccgggaagaccgaggccgaggccgtccgcatgcagcccctaaagccgctggtcacagccatgcagggtgcctgggcgggcatgattgcggggcgtcgcggtaaggctctccgcgagggctgggtcggctacgcccgcgccgtcgaacttaccgccgacaacctcgtttcccctggtcacagcaccgaaaccgggttccacgtccactggcacaccgtcatcgtccttgacggctcggccgatgtggagtccctgggcgagcgtatgttctcccgctggtcggccatgtgcgagcgtcgcggccttgcggccgcgaaagagggctttgacctgcaacttgtccgcgatccggccgccgccgccgcctacatcgtgaagggcgagaagaccaagaagtccatcggcatggagcttgcgtcctccggcactaaaaccgcaggtcaggggcgcgttacgcccgaggaaatcctccgcaacctcggcagggccgtccaggagacacgcggcaccaggcgctacaagcccggcgaacttttggccgttgacctgcgcgaacccgccacctaccccgcccagaaacttgctcgactccgcgcccagtggcaggagattgaatccgcattcgacggggctaggtggctcacctggtcccgtgacctgcgacgactcgccggtctgggccaggaggagaccgccgaggaggtggcgaacaaagccgttgccccgaagtcggccaacgtcgccgtggtctccggcagcatgattatgcgcaggtcagagcgtggattgcccgccagggtcaccgccgaggaacacgccgacgccttcgctgcccccaccccctccggtgaggtggcccccgccctggacgccgacctgtggggccggtcctactgcaaccagtacgagttttggctggtcaagcgccaattggacgtgttcatgagcacgctcccggagggcctggacgcggaggagcggttcacccacatgaccggctggctggaccactatgggttcgcttatcgcgtcctgacctgggaaaactggcaggaagagactgttgaagccctccgcgccgagggtgagggccgccgtgaagcccgccgccaggggctgggctga
>gene_51649|mobilization protein
atgtatcaaatattacacattcgcaaaatcaaaacagttgtgggacttaaaaatgtcgcctcacacaacagtcgagaacagatttattctgaagtgggacatcttcaagaaggcattgaattgcccgagtggattaattctgatgttttagactcagaatatctttctgaaaatcaaataacaaatttgcccgagcaaatgtcttttcgagttttaaaagagcgagaaaacctttgtgaaggactaaaacgcaagccgcaaaaaaatgcttctgctgccgttgagttcaccatttctgcaagtccagagtttaaaggcgattggagtaagtttttaggaatggcagaaaatttcttgcgtaaaaagtttgggaataattgcattcagtttgcagttcactatgacgaaacaacaccgcacttacacgctttgtatgtgccgattgtcgaaaaaaatggagttaggaaatattcgtcgtcagagtttttgggcggtaaggttggactacaaaaactgcatacagaattttatgagcaagttggaaaaaagtttgggttagagcgtggtgagttaggaagtcgtgctaagcacaacgaaataaaaacttaccgagaacttacagacaaagttttggagaaagaacgagatttgactaaaaagtctttagacttgtcatattcgaaaattgaatggcaaaaacaaaaagaagcagaagaagtagttttaacacaacaaaaa
>gene_55167|Plasmid replication protein
atgaacgataacaataatatagtctttgaaaaagttaaagcacgatattggtctttttttctgtatccagatagtgccccagaggattggattgataggatacagatgacgggtctgccgttttgtatttcgcccttacacgataaagacaccaaccctacgggcgaacctaaaaaagcacattatcatgtcattttgtgctataacggacctactacctacgggaatgtaaaaaagaccattacagacccacttaaccaaccgcacccacaatatcttaacagtgttaaaggtatgtatcgttatttgatacaccaagacaaccctgagaagtatcaatacaatccgcaggagattcgacaccttaacgggtttactactgcagactattgtgatatgagtatcacagacgaggaccgtctttatgatgcaatagaaaactatatagagaaccacgaattgacagagttccgtgccgttgtctatcacttaaaagcagagggtgcccttgagatgttgtcctttttccgtcgtcacacagtttactttaaggagtttattcgttccgcccgttttggtggttttgaaaagttccccataaataaattggacggggttgtcaatgtcttaaccggtgagaatttgacacaatcagaatatgaggaacttgttgccaagtggaacgaggaacacgatgacggcacaccgttcccttctgataatttccgcacacttgattaa
>gene_44553|Relaxase/mobilization
atggctgaaagaagggagtcttcgctgtatgccttgggaggcgatgtgaagtgttctgacagggataccggacaatcagaaaagctctctccttctttcaaaagaggaatactcttatcctcttccgaaatcaagaattccaattacaatgctgcttccgattacctcaccaccaagcatgatgagttcaccagcaaaccgatcctggatgaacagggaaggcgtattcctcgtgacgaatatatcatcgaaggaatcaactgtgatccctactcttttgctgccgagtgccaggaagtgaatgcaagatttggaaagaatcaacgtaaagaagagatcaaagcacaccactatattcttagctttgatccaaaggatcgtgacgaaaacggactgactccggaacgtgcccaggaaatgggaatggcctttgccagggagaacttccccggtcatcaggttcttgtctgcacacatcccgacggtcatgggaatgcaggtaatatccatgtccatatcgtgctcaacagtgtccgggcctttgatgttcccgaacgggaattcatggaacgacctgccgatcatcttgcaggaaacaagcaccatgtcaccaaggatctgctggaatatctgaagaagaaaaccatggaaatgtgccagcaggaaaacctgaaccaggtcaatctgcttgcccctgctaaggtaagaattacggataaagagtactgggcacagcgc
>gene_29176|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgataacacctttggaacgggtgcagaatctgctggcagacctgcggatgtcccaggtggacttcgatatggtattcgccggaaagaatgacttgacaccactggaagccgtagagctgtttcttctggagcagcagcggatgcgaattgaaaagcagaatttcctgcgcagatgccgggcggcgctgcctgcagaaaagacgctgcagacttttgatttcggtttccagaagagcgtatcccgggagcagatgcttcgtctgagtgatatgacctgggtagaacaggcctacaatatctgtttcctgggacctcccggtgtaggaaagacccacctggctctgtccctggctgtgagaggcctggatttgggttatactgtggcctttgaaacactggacaatctcatgaccatcctgaaaacggtagagatctccaaagccagcaagcggagactgaagtatctgagaaaggcggccctggtgattgtggacgaggtaggcttcatgccgctgacacccacggaggcaaacctgttctttgggtttgtatcctctatgtcagagaagacctcgctgattattacatccaacaagggctttgacgagtgggcagactttctgggagatgccaccattaccacagcgatcctggaccggctgatccaccactgcgagattattaacatgaccggcaacagctaccgcctggagcaccaccggtccattacaggctaa
>gene_56979|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgataacacctttggaacgggtgcagaatctgctggcagacctgcggatgtcccaggtggacttcgatatggtattcgccggaaagaatgacttgacaccactggaagccgtagagctgtttcttctggagcagcagcggatgcgaattgaaaagcagaatttcctgcgcagatgccgggcggcgctgcctgcagaaaagacgctgcagacttttgatttcggtttccagaagagcgtatcccgggagcagatgcttcgtctgagtgatatgacctgggtagaacaggcctacaatatctgtttcctgggacctcccggtgtaggaaagacccacctggctctgtccctggctgtgagaggcctggatttgggttatactgtggcctttgaaacactggacaatctcatgaccatcctgaaaacggtagagatctccaaagccagcaagcggagactgaagtatctgagaaaggcggccctggtgattgtggacgaggtaggcttcatgccgctgacacccacggaggcaaacctgttctttgggtttgtatcctctatgtcagagaagacctcgctgattattacatccaacaagggctttgacgagtgggcagactttctgggagatgccaccattaccacagcgatcctggaccggctgatccaccactgcgagattattaacatgaccggcaacagctaccgcctggagcaccaccggtccattacaggctaa
>gene_37106|replication protein, partial
atgcagcgcacgggagagatgatggcggtactatcgcacctcgcggacgatgggcgcgccatcaatgcggccatgctgactatgaccgtgcgtaacgtgccgctctccggattaggagatgctataacggcgataacggacgcatgggggcggctccgcaagcgcgcgatcgtgcgcaagtgggtagccggatacgctcgatcaatcgagatcaccgcaggagcgcacaacacataccacccgcacatacacgtgatggtaatatgggctgatggctacgccaagcatatcacccagcgcgatctatgcgatatgtggcgggacgctctgcgcgccgactataccccggtatgtgatatcagatcagcatataccggctcggcaacgccatctgatgaggcatggcgcggcgtgatggcggcggcgatcgagtgctgcaagtatgccctatccggtaagatcacaacaacgataacggctcctgatgatctggcagctatcgccctggcactgcgtgggcggcgtctgatcgcttatggcggcataatagcagac
>gene_2804|replication protein
ccgctctccggattaggagatgctataacggcgataacggacgcatgggggcggctccgcaagcgcgcgatcgtgcgcaagtgggtagccggatacgctcgatcaatcgagatcaccgcaggagcgcacaacacataccacccgcacatacacgtgatggtaatatgggctgatggctacgccaagcatatcacccagcgcgatctatgcgatatgtggcgggacgctctgcgcgccgactataccccggtatgtgatatcagatcagcatataccggctcggcaacgccatctgatgaggcatggcgcggcgtgatggcggcggcgatcgagtgctgcaagtatgccctatccggtaagatcacaacaacgataacggctcctgatgatctggcagctatcgccctggcactgcgtgggcggcgtctgatcgcttatggcggcataatagcagacacacgggcgcggctggggctgcatgatgatgatagcccgtcagacgtaggggatatcacgatagactgcccccgctgcggcgcggctatgatacagcttgggtatacatgggcggctggtggatatatgctcggcctgatgccctctgcggtatccatctctgccactgagacccccgtgtag
>gene_53148|replication protein, partial
atgcagcgcacgggagagatgatggcggtactatcgcacctcgcggacgatgggcgcgccatcaatgcggccatgctgactatgaccgtgcgtaacgtgccgctctccggattaggagatgctataacggcgataacggacgcatgggggcggctccgcaagcgcgcgatcgtgcgcaagtgggtagccggatacgctcgatcaatcgagatcaccgcaggagcgcacaacacataccacccgcacatacacgtgatggtaatatgggctgatggctacgccaagcatatcacccagcgcgatctatgcgatatgtggcgggacgctctgcgcgccgactataccccggtatgtgatatcagatcagcatataccggctcggcaacgccatctgatgaggcatggcgcggcgtgatggcggcggcgatcgagtgctgcaagtatgccctatccggtaagatcacaacaacgataacggctcctgatgatctggcagctatcgccctggcactgcgtgggcggcgtctgatcgcttatggcggcataatagca
>gene_32060|replication protein, partial
atgcagcgcacgggagagatgatggcggtactatcgcacctcgcggacgatgggcgcgccatcaatgcggccatgctgactatgaccgtgcgtaacgtgccgctctccggattaggagatgctataacggcgataacggacgcatgggggcggctccgcaagcgcgcgatcgtgcgcaagtgggtagccggatacgctcgatcaatcgagatcaccgcaggagcgcacaacacataccacccgcacatacacgtgatggtaatatgggctgatggctacgccaagcatatcacccagcgcgatctatgcgatatgtggcgggacgctctgcgcgccgactataccccggtatgtgatatcagatcagcatat
>gene_8476|Recombinase
atgggttacggtattttacgcggtcagaaggttcatacaagcggattaaagggaattgagatccataataatcgtgaacgtccgtcgaggtcaaacccagatatcgaaagaaagaagacggttgagaattattctcttttagaggaagggcagaaaagtctcaacaagcgagtaaatgcaaggtgtcaggagctttcagggggaaagaagatccggtcggacgccgtgaagatgtacgacttcattgctacagcgtccccggaagatatggcgaaaatgtccccggctcaacaaaggcgctttttcgaggatacgcgggattttcttattaagaaatttggcaaggaaaatctgatgtatgcaaaggttcacatggacgaggcgacgccacacatgcacgtcggcattgtcccggagtatcaagggcggctctgtgcgaaaaaactctttacgcccagctccatgagaaagctacaagacgagtatttccgcgaggtttcaagcaaatacgggttagatcggggcgaggtaggatcctcaaaacgccaccaaaaaacgcgggatttcaagcgtcagacagactacaacggcaaggaacaagaaaatctcaagtcattagaggcggcggcaaaggaaagacctgtaacagagggatttcttaataaaaaaataatcgggtatcaggtaagcccggaatggctcgatgaatccttgcggctggctcgtgtcggcggtcaagcggctgtcgagaaagaagccagggaaaaagcagagctcgatctaaaaaaatctttggaaagagaaagggaagcaaaccaagaggcggcgcggcttcgcgtcgataatgatatgctgcgcgaagatctcaggaagaaagaaaaagactttttggaacacaaaaagtccacggcggtttttactgaagctccggaagtctacaaacaaagaattataaaagcagcacataacaacgcattggagcgtgacgccaaatttgcatttatcgggaaaatggatcgagctctcggcacaaaaaaagccctcgaaaatcccttagttaaaggcttatttgcgagtatgggagtagataagccggaagatcgagaaacgctattacgacattgcaataaacttatgaacggcaaagaaaaagggaaggataatggggactggtcgccgctccctgctcccgtgaaaatgctcgaaatgcctttgaaagtgatgaaacaggtcgtcgaaaaatgtatggatcaagcaaaaagtgctatacaaagtgcggcaaacatgggcgcgaaagagcaggaaataacagcaggctttcgttatcttcaagaacacgataacattaatgcaagcccgtgggaaaatctcactgaacaacgcaaggaagagattttggcgaagacaaggtatcgtgatgaatactga
>gene_5219|RepB protein
atgaccgatattagagatttaacagtagtacaagccaacgacttaataagacaaactaattgggctttgaataaaacgcctattaaattattcaaaactttagttgcttgtatcgatactaaaaatccgccaaaagataacacagtaagaatcaataaagcagatttagtaaaggttcttgatagcaatatgacaaactacgactatcttaagactcaattaaggaagttacagaccagtgttaaacttgaagaaactgaccaaatagaacattatgtcactttagttacagatatttactgggaaaaagaagacgaaaacgtggaagttacatttcataagtccttaatgccttatttattagtatcaagtaactttttaaagtattcagccgatataataccccagtttaaatctaaatacggtttaataatatttgagaatttgttttcacgtttaaaacaaatgaacttgaataaagcgacatttattattcctgtaaaagaattacgatggattacaggaacaacagaacaatacaatagatttgatagattcgatataagagtaataaaaaccgctattgaagatataaacggaatcaacgcaccgatattgattaagtatgacaagattaaaaagggaaagaacattgattctattaagttttacgtaagaaagcgaacgagtttatttgaatcggattatgatgaagtttatcgccctgaatggctttaa
>gene_27192|Replication protein
ataacaagagcaaatttctgccgtgatagattatgctccgtgtgtgcgtggcgtaggcaggcacgattccttgcaacaacggaaccggcattgagaaaaatagatatagaaacaagcggaaaagctcaatatatattcgttacattaacagtaaaaaactgtccttcggtccaattaaaacagaatatatcaaatattcttaaagcgtgggacaggctatacaaaagaaaaccttttgcaaatatggcgctaggttgcattcgttcagtagaggtaacatataatcagctcacggaagaatatcatccgcatttacacgctttggtgcttgtaaggaatgaatattttcaaaaggagaattatatctccgaaaataaattgtcttctatatggcagcattgcttgaatgtagactatactccaatcgtaaacattaaagctgttaaggagcaaaacgccgggcaatccgagagaatgtcagcatctcttgaaattatgaaatattctttgaaaacaaaagactattccatatcgccggaagtgacagaaacattatttgattcactacacggtcggagacttatttcgttcagcggtgttatagcaaaagcaagaaaagaacttgcttttgtagatttatacgaagattctttaactgatgatattattcccggggtagaagcaagaaaagagctttatctgttctctcctagtggttggaaaattataatagagtaa
>gene_17336|ATPase involved in chromosome partitioning
atgaaagcacaagtaattgcatttgcaaaccataaaggtggtgtcgggaaaacatcttctgtggcgaatatttccgccattcttgcttctaaaggtaaaaaggttcttatggtagatttagatgcgcaggcaaatttatctcttttatttcttgatgaaatacctggtcgcacaatctacaatgcgatggtggatagaaaggatattcctgtgtataatattcgtgagaatttagatatagtaccttctacattagaaatgatttatattgagcaaaaaataaaccctcgtagggtagagtatatattatctgatttaattaagaacttacgagatagatatgattatataattatagattgtccgcctgcattaggtttaacaactatcaatgcacttaccatagcgaataaattatatgttccaatgttagcagacaaaatgtcttgttatggggtagatatgattaaggatttttgttgtgaaatgcaggatttaaatcctggtcttcatattgatggtatctttattaatcaatatctaaagagtaatttggctaagagtgtagaagaacaaatgcgagcagattatggagatatcgtatttaagactattgttagaaataatactgcagtaaaagaagctggagtaatgaaaacagatattgtttcgtatgctccagatagtaatggtgctgttgattatacagcattagcaaatgaaatgtttaatttataa
>gene_27342|ATPase involved in chromosome partitioning
atgaaagcacaagtaattgcatttgcaaaccataaaggtggtgtcgggaaaacatcttctgtggcgaatatttccgccattcttgcttctaaaggtaaaaaggttcttatggtagatttagatgcgcaggcaaatttatctcttttatttcttgatgaaatacctggtcgcacaatctacaatgcgatggtggatagaaaggatattcctgtgtataatattcgtgagaatttagatatagtaccttctacattagaaatgatttatattgagcaaaaaataaaccctcgtagggtagagtatatattatctgatttaattaagaacttacgagatagatatgattatataattatagattgtccgcctgcattaggtttaacaactatcaatgcacttaccatagcgaataaattatatgttccaatgttagcagacaaaatgtcttgttatggggtagatatgattaaggatttttgttgtgaaatgcaggatttaaatcctggtcttcatattgatggtatctttattaatcaatatctaaagagtaatttggctaagagtgtagaagaacaaatgcgagcagattatggagatatcgtatttaagactattgttagaaataatactgcagtaaaagaagctggagtaatgaaaacagatattgtttcgtatgctccagatagtaatggtgctgttgattatacagcattagcaaatgaaatgtttaatttataa
>gene_7468|Replication protein repB
atggcttcaaagaaaagaaagccaaaaggtacaggcgtaacaagaggtgcgggaagagcaagggtatttgctacggttgtttatcctgacagtcttcctgatgattggattgaaagactgaaaaagacttgtttgaaagttttgattagtccgttgcatgataaggatctcaatgaagacggtacgcctaaaaaacctcattatcatgttatggtgttttttgacagcgttaagtcttgggagacgcaagttaaccctctttttgatgagttgtttgagaatggatatgctggaagagtagaggttagcagtaccgtaggatatgctcgatatttatgccatttagataatcctgaaaagtatcaatatgacaggaaagatgttatttgtttaggtggtgcagattacagttatgcaactcaaaaaattgaagatgatattcgtattagacaggagttaattgcatttgtaaaagagaggcatattggatactttaatgacctgtatgataaggctgcagaaatcaatcccgaatgggaagtgtatcttgctacaaagtcgtattttataaaagaatacatgaaagcccgtggagcaaagatacgtgctttttgtaacggtttagacaatcaatatttatacactattacctgtgcttttgatgaacaggagataaaaacacaaaataataaaaatgttgacaacgtggataaaaaagaagataatggtgacaagtaa
>gene_21827|ATPase involved in chromosome partitioning
atgatttacaccatagcgacacaaaaaggcggcacaggaaaaacgacaaccgccgcagcattggcgcaagctgctgcctttaagaaaaggaaagcccttgctgtagaccttgacccacaggggaaccttacatattgcctggctgcagacggaacgctgccgggcagttatgaccttttgcaaggcgcaccattaagcgaggttatacagaccacgccacaaaacattgatgtaatagcggcaagcaccgacctgcaaaccgaaacgagcggcaagggaacggcgcgcaggttacagaacgcattacaacccatagcgaacgaatacgactttatcgtaatcgacacacccgcaaccgcaggcgaactgcaatacaatgccttgcaagcagctgatcgcattattattcctttacaggcagacgcatacaacctgcagagcttgcagcaaattatcgaggctgcagaacaatttaaaagcagcaacccggcattatcttttgcaggcgtgctgttgacacagtatgacaggcgacccgttattaacagacaattgcgcgaaatgctgaaagaaaatgcagctgcgcagggcattgcctatttaggcgaaataagaaaagccgtcgcaattcaagaggcagccgcattgcagttatcaatatatgattatgcaccaaaggcgaacccggctgcagactatttgcagatttacaagagagttttgaaacaggaggattaa
>gene_40341|Replication protein
atgaacagtaatttaattaaatatgataatgctttaaatacatacaactttaataaattaaacctaaataaaaatgaccttaatattttgatgcttttatttcttatttttaaagataacgatagaaaagaaattgaattaagttttagaaaaattaaagatataatcaagattaattcaaatttaagtgataacgaattaattaaaatattagaaagtttatttaataaggttatatcaacaactatacatattgaaaatactaattctattattggatttcctatttgtagtatatataaaatttcaaagaaaaataaaacattaagagttaaaattaatgattattttttgccttatttcaatagattaaaatctaattttactcaaattaagttagatgattatacgaaattaaagtctaaatactcaaaagagttatatagacatttacagcaatttagattaacaggattgttagttgtgaaacctgctcaattaagagatatgttattatgtccaaaaaaatataatactaatctatttaaagagagagttttattaatagcgattaatgaattaagagaaaaaattgatacttttaaagatttaacattaagtgaacataaaaaatacaaaaatacaattgacttatttactttaaaatggactaaacaggaacttattaattctattgatgaagatttagataaattaattgataatttcctagtttaa
>gene_57822|rep protein
atgtataaaaaatatattattacaggtcatattatcgaaatttacgaatatgagcactacatttcaggaaaaggaagtgaaaaaggtagatacaataaaggttttataactaacgaagaaacaaaaacaaaaaattataatttgaccttacaaaaaagacgtgatttaattagaagacttgccacaatgaattttgacaataaaactgctaaatttttaacccttacttttaaagataatattcaagatttgaccgattcaaatttattatttaatcaatttattgaacgtttaaaatattacttgaataataaaaatattaaatatctagccgttatagaatttcaagaaagaggagctatacattatcattgcttaatagacattccatatataccccaagaaaaattacaagaaatttggggtaatggttttatttttataaataaaatattacacgtcgataatataggagcttatattgtaaaatatatgactaaggataataacgataaaagattaaggggcagaaagggttacttattaagtagaaatttaaaacgccctgaaaaagtcacaaatgccaatttaaacgattttgataagttagaagataaaatatatagtcgttataatttaaacgaaaaatcgccagtttatgagcaagaatatctaacagaaaaattgggcttttgtaaatataaacaatttaatcttaaaagaaaagaagatgtttaa
>gene_14140|Replication protein repB
atgtcagaagtatacaaaattaaaataccacctgaaggcgctcagatatgtggaggcatagtcttttcaaagcgctataagtgccctgcttggcagtttattgtgtaccccgatagtgcaccagaaaactggcgagaggagctcactcaattaggtttgccctttgctgttagtcctctgcacgatagagatataaatgacagcgctgagggaggaccggaactcaaaaagccgcatcatcatatgattatggtctggcacagttctaccacttggctgaatgcgataagagttgccgagaatttgcacggtgttatacctttgccctgcttagatgttcgaaacaggtatgaatattttgtccataagcacgaccctcataagtatcagtatgaccctgcaggtattgagttgtacaatggttttgatgttggtcaattgcagggacttacaggagcagaggtctacactattatgaccgaactcacaaacatatgcagagaaagatgtatcactgagtacagtgatttgattttctactgtattgatgagggcttatctcagcatttagatgttgcacagcatcatacaatttattttactgcaatatgcaaaggcatttggagaacctctgacaaattacaaaaatatgccgtcgatgtccgcactggtgaggtagtagaaagaacctcactccctaaagaactcagaggggaggccgattgcaatgagtaa
>gene_32952|Replication initiator protein
atgtcaaaagtaaagaagtatgagatgacctacaacgcagaacattatactgttgccgctaacgatataattcgtggtaagcagtcaatgacacttcaaacggcaaggttaatcaggcttttaataactcaggtagtaaaggaagataaggatctaaaaacctatacttgtagaataaccgatttggctaaatttttaaatgtagatagttctaatctctacaagcatattagaactatatgtgaatgtgctatgaaatcagtagtttacattggcacaggaaacccaaaagaaccttgggaaatgttccattgggtttcaactgctaaatatgatggaaacggaatggtaacacttagactttcagatgaaattaaaccatatgttttagaacttgaaaaatggttcacacaataccaattgaagaatattcttgaatttaatagctattacgctattcgcctttatgagttattaaaatgcaaagatggcgaaaccaaaaacagccagttggaattagagtttactgttaacgagctgagaactttttttgattgtgaaaagaagtataagctgttcgcagattttaaacgcaaagttattgaaatagcagttagagaaatcaacgaaaaatccgatatatgggtaaaaccaacttatagaaaaacaggtaaagcaatcaccagcgttgtttttgaaatacataccaatgcttttacaaaacttaaaaattag
>gene_54080|Replication initiator protein
atgtcaaaagtaaagaagtatgagatgacctacaacgcagaacattatactgttgccgctaacgatataattcgtggtaagcagtcaatgacacttcaaacggcaaggttaatcaggcttttaataactcaggtagtaaaggaagataaggatctaaaaacctatacttgtagaataaccgatttggctaaatttttaaatgtagatagttctaatctctacaagcatattagaactatatgtgaatgtgctatgaaatcagtagtttacattggcacaggaaacccaaaagaaccttgggaaatgttccattgggtttcaactgctaaatatgatggaaacggaatggtaacacttagactttcagatgaaattaaaccatatgttttagaacttgaaaaatggttcacacaataccaattgaagaatattcttgaatttaatagctattacgctattcgcctttatgagttattaaaatgcaaagatggcgaaaccaaaaacagccagttggaattagagtttactgttaacgagctgagaactttttttgattgtgaaaagaagtataagctgttcgcagattttaaacgcaaagttattgaaatagcagttagagaaatcaacgaaaaatccgatatatgggtaaaaccaacttatagaaaaacaggtaaagcaatcaccagcgttgtttttgaaatacataccaatgcttttacaaaacttaaaaattag
>gene_52084|Rep50
atgagcacgagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccacaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacacactaattctaacacggatgttctcaaaaatcaagagaaaaacgataatttagcatttgccgactacgcagagacagaccctgtagaaccagagaactcgaaagacgttcgaggaaaattctggtgtttcgttctctacccagagagcgcaccagagaattgggttgaagttctgaatttgagtggattagcgtgggcttgctcacctctccacgataaggacaagaacccagacggctcggcgaagaaagagcactatcacattatcgttatctggcggaacgacactacatacaacgcagtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaacagcacggtaccgcaggttcttaaaagtccagtgggctattatcgttacttcacacacgaagacaatccagaaaaagcaagctatagcaagaaagacatcacaagcggcaacggttttgacattgccgactatacgaagctgacgaaagaacaactgatgatgttacacgcacaactcacgcagatggtagttgacaatagtatcgacaactatgcggacgtttgcatgatggctatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagtcacacgatacattttaacaacttgtgcaaatcagtagcgtaccgaatgagacagcaggatgaaaggagttag
>gene_14763|Rep50
atgagcacgagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccacaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacacactaattctaacacggatgttctcaaaaatcaagagaaaaacgataatttagcatttgccgactacgcagagacagaccctgtagaaccagagaactcgaaagacgttcgaggaaaattctggtgtttcgttctctacccagagagcgcaccagagaattgggttgaagttctgaatttgagtggattagcgtgggcttgctcacctctccacgataaggacaagaacccagacggctcggcgaagaaagagcactatcacattatcgttatctggcggaacgacactacatacaacgcagtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaacagcacggtaccgcaggttcttaaaagtccagtgggctattatcgttacttcacacacgaagacaatccagaaaaagcaagctatagcaagaaagacatcacaagcggcaacggttttgacattgccgactatacgaagctgacgaaagaacaactgatgatgttacacgcacaactcacgcagatggtagttgacaatagtatcgacaactatgcggacgtttgcatgatggctatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagtcacacgatacattttaacaacttgtgcaaatcagtagcgtaccgaatgagacagcaggatgaaaggagttag
>gene_31043|Rep50
atgagcacgagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccacaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacacactaattctaacacggatgttctcaaaaatcaagagaaaaacgataatttagcatttgccgactacgcagagacagaccctgtagaaccagagaactcgaaagacgttcgaggaaaattctggtgtttcgttctctacccagagagcgcaccagagaattgggttgaagttctgaatttgagtggattagcgtgggcttgctcacctctccacgataaggacaagaacccagacggctcggcgaagaaagagcactatcacattatcgttatctggcggaacgacactacatacaacgcagtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaacagcacggtaccgcaggttcttaaaagtccagtgggctattatcgttacttcacacacgaagacaatccagaaaaagcaagctatagcaagaaagacatcacaagcggcaacggttttgacattgccgactatacgaagctgacgaaagaacaactgatgatgttacacgcacaactcacgcagatggtagttgacaatagtatcgacaactatgcggacgtttgcatgatggctatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagtcacacgatacattttaacaacttgtgcaaatcagtagcgtaccgaatgagacagcaggatgaaaggagttag
>gene_50246|Rep50
atgagcacgagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccacaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacacactaattctaacacggatgttctcaaaaatcaagagaaaaacgataatttagcatttgccgactacgcagagacagaccctgtagaaccagagaactcgaaagacgttcgaggaaaattctggtgtttcgttctctacccagagagcgcaccagagaattgggttgaagttctgaatttgagtggattagcgtgggcttgctcacctctccacgataaggacaagaacccagacggctcggcgaagaaagagcactatcacattatcgttatctggcggaacgacactacatacaacgcagtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaacagcacggtaccgcaggttcttaaaagtccagtgggctattatcgttacttcacacacgaagacaatccagaaaaagcaagctatagcaagaaagacatcacaagcggcaacggttttgacattgccgactatacgaagctgacgaaagaacaactgatgatgttacacgcacaactcacgcagatggtagttgacaatagtatcgacaactatgcggacgtttgcatgatggctatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagtcacacgatacattttaacaacttgtgcaaatcagtagcgtaccgaatgagacagcaggatgaaaggagttag
>gene_3763|Plasmid replication protein
atgagcgagagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccagaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacaagacaattctaacacggaagttctcataaatcaagaggaaaacgataatttagcgtttgctgattacgcagaggcagacccagtagagcccgataactggaaagaggttcgcggtaagttttggtgcttcgtgctctatccagagagtgcaccagcaaattgggttgaaatcctgaatttaagcggtttagcgtgggcttgctccccactccatgacaaggacacaaacccagacggaacagcaaagaaagagcattatcacgttattctcatctggcgaaacgacactacatacaacgctgtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaatagcacagtaccgcaagtgcttaaaagtccagtaggctactatcgctacttcactcacgaagacaatccagaaaaagccccatacagcaagaaagaaatcacaagcggaaacggctttgatattgcggattacacgaagctgacaaaagaacagctgatgatgttacacgcagagctcacgcaaatggtagttgacaatggaattgataactacgcagacgtttgtatgatggcaatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagccacacgatacactttaacaatttgtgtaagtccgtatcgtacagaatgaaacgagaaactgaaaggagttag
>gene_54813|Plasmid replication protein
atgagcgagagcaataaaaaagcgtccgccagaaaagagacgtccgctgttacctcacaagacaattctaacacggaagttctcataaatcaagaggaaaacgataatttagcgtttgctgattacgcagaggcagacccagtagagcccgataactggaaagaggttcgcggtaagttctggtgcttcgtgctctatccagagagtgcaccagcaaattgggttgaaatcctgaatttaagcggtttagcgtgggcttgctccccactccatgacaaggacacaaacccagacggaacagcaaagaaagagcattatcacgttattctcatctggcgaaacgacactacatacaacgctgtgaagcagttcacacacgttgacttgaatagcacagtaccgcaagtgcttaaaagtccagtaggctactatcgctacttcactcacgaagacaatccagaaaaagccccatacagcaagaaagaaatcacaagcggaaacggctttgatattgcggattacacgaagctgacaaaagaacagctgatgatgttacacgcagagcttacgcaaatggtagttgacaatggaattgataactacgcagacgtttgtatgatggcaatgagcatgggatttgacgagtacgaaatggtggtaagccacacgatacactttaacaatttgtgtaagtccgtatcgtacagaatgaaacgagaaactgaaaggagttag
>gene_7155|replication protein RepB
atggctaaaaaagaagatttagaaccccgaaaggggaagcgtgggcgtggaagaccacgcaaggaaggaacgcctgcagaacggaagcaggctcgcaaggaacagaagcgggcgtgggaccacgcccaccgctcccgtgaccaatacggagcgtggtggtggttcgttctttatgaggattctgctcctgcggattggcggaacctgctcaatgggatgcacattgcttatgtggttagtccttatcatgaccacgatgaaaatcctgatggcacccctaaaaaacctcattatcatatcctgatgaaattcgacacgaattggatgttcaaggatgtcaaaaagattacggatatgcttcggcaacctgaacctgaaagggcattaaatcccgttggtactgctcggtatcttactcacatggataatcctgaaaagtatcagtattctgccgaaaaaatcgaggaacataacggtctgactatgcggtcaatcgttaaaatgtcggatgctgaagaggatatgctttccaaagaaatcgaaatgattatccgtgaaaggcatattacaaattttgctcggttgcagtttacgttatcaagttatgatgatgagctgtatgcttttgctcgtcgccatgcttattattttgtgaacattacgaaatcgcttttctttgaagcggagcaggcgaagaaagaagcacaaaacaatgagatgaaagggaaggtgtga
>gene_19711|replication protein RepB
atggctaaaaaagaagatttagaaccccgcaaggggaagcgtgggcgtggaagaccacgcaaggaaggaacgcctgcagaacggaagcaggctcgcaaggaacagaagcgggcgtgggaccacgcccaccgctcccgtgaccaatacggagcgtggtggtggttcgttctttatgaggattctgctcctgcggattggcggaacctgctcaatgggatgcacattgcttatgtggttagtccttatcatgaccacgatgaaaatcctgatggcacccctaaaaaacctcattatcatatcctgatgaaattcgacacgaattggatgttcaaggatgtcaaaaagattacggatatgcttcggcaacctgaacctgaaagggcattaaatcccgttggtactgctcggtatcttactcacatggataatcctgaaaagtatcagtattctgccgaaaaaatcgaggaacataacggtctgactatgcggtcaatcgttaaaatgtcggatgctgaagaggatatgctttccaaagaaatcgaaatgattatccgtgaaaggcatattacaaattttgctcggttgcagtttacgttatcaagttatgatgatgagctgtatgcttttgctcgtcgccatgcttattattttgtgaacattacgaaatcgcttttctttgaagcggagcaggcgaagaaagaagcacaaaacaatgagatgaaagggaaggtgtga
>gene_9098|chromosome partitioning protein ParA
atgaaacggataatatcaatagtaaaccacaagggaggagtagggaaaacgacctccgttgcatccctgggagtagctctggcagatctggggaggagagtcctcctggtagatcttgacccacaatgtaaccttacagactctctctccgtaccgaaatccgggaggtctgtctatgaggctctccgggaggggaggggactccctcagacagagatccgggagagactctttgtctgtccctcctctctggatctggtatctatggacttggaactttccggagtaaggaggagggaataccgcctccgggagatactctctcctctggactatgactatatcctcctggattgtcctccctctctgggactcctcacgataaacgcccttaccgcctccggggaggtctttgtccctcttattccagaggctctcccggctaagggtctggggactctactggatattatccggagaacaagggagggactaaatccggatctccgtctgggggggatcataataaccagataccagaggagaaagataaacaagatcgttgaggaatctctccgggagacctttggagacctggtattccagactaagatccgggaaaatgtagatatagccgaatctcctctccagggtacggatattttctcctactccccacgatctataggagcaaaggactaccgggatctggctctggaaattgataataaatag
>gene_51911|Replication protein (Fragment)
tgggatgtaatttccatcctggaagcccggtatccggaagtgaatgggtatgacttctaccgtgaggttttcccggattgcgctcgatcagatgaataccatactgatttttcccatcctcatgcgctgtttttatgtcatgatgaagaaaagggctacaaggtaggtcatgtaatgtaccaggatacctgggagcaggattacatggatatggtggagcgtcaggagaattgtgtttgtggtggtctggcttaccggaagcgtcggaaccttttgaagaacgcccagcggatgtacttcctggcatttgacctggacggtgtaggtgcccgggagcttcggaacctgctgcaccgtttcactttggatccgaagacgctgcggagccttccgacacctacattcctggtggcttccggaaccggtgttcatctgtactacgttctggatgaaccggcagatctgtttccgaacatcaagctgcagctgaagtccatgaagcatgatttgaccttcaagatctgggaatacaaggctacgtctcaggtgaaaagcatccagtaccagtcgatcaaccaggcattccgaatggtaggtagcatcaatgagaagcatggaaatgaaatccgtgcctttcggaccggtggccgggtgagtatggcttaccttaaccggtatgtgattgatgaaaagaaccaggtagattctttacggagatccggatcggtcagctga
>gene_53163|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgggcgctggcgggaatcagaatccggtcggtgggccacgcgggatcgtggacggctggtcgaccgctgctgtcaggcggcatacgcggtggctctattcggtggacacggaagtgctcaacggccagggctgggcggcaactttgaccctccgcgactgccccccaacacccgaagcctggacccgtctccgcaacgagtgggtcgaccaggtcagggcctccgggctggtgatccggtcccattgggtggtggagtggacgcggcgaaaggtcccgcacatgcacacggcggtctatctccgcgaggatcaatccagggctgaggcgtacgaagtgctggtgggcacgtggctccggctcgcggccaaatacggggccggtcccaagggtcaacacctggccgtgatcgagggcccgttgggctggctggagtacctgagtaagcacgccgcacggggagtggcccactaccagcggcacgggaagcccgagggctgggagaagaccggccggctatggggacacaccggcgattggtccgtgatcgaacccgctgaggtgactgtcacgcgggcagagttttaccgcttccgacggctcgtcaggtcctggcgcgtggccgacgcgaggtcggagctgctcgaagcttcggacctcgcgcggggggcgggcgcgcggcgtcgcctggtatcggcacgccgaatgctcaggtcgtccgatcgcgttctc
>gene_51976|Plasmid replication protein
atgagtgacaaacaaaaaacaagtgccaaaaagtccaaatattggggggctttaagttggcacgacagcgaacccgaagacatcttcgaccgtgcaaagaaatgcaatattgaggcatgttgtattctgcacgaccaagacaaaaacgagttggcgacccccgtcatgtatactgacgaggaactccaaccaggacaagcaaaaaaggcacatcgccattggatttttgcttttcctaataccacaaccgaaaaccacgcaaaagcaatcatccaagagataacaaacggcaaccccccaattgctttgagcaatatcaaaggcgcctttgcatatctcacacataagcacgaccccgataagtaccaatacgacagcgaagcaatagtttatttcaacgggttcgtgccggagaactacatcaaccttggagcaggtgaagaagaccaagcattccaagcaatcgaagcaattgttgaccgcttcggcattgaggaatacagcgaacttataaagcacctgcaggacaacaatcccgacttggcccgttttgctcgaaatcatactttgcaccttaatgcatatgtgagaagcaaacaccaagcgaagaggcaggcaaaaaaagaccgtcttctcgatttgcagttggaagaatacgaacttcgcattctcgaacgtaagcagaagctcggcatctatgatgtagatgagagcaccggagaggtcatagagtaa
>gene_57883|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein (Fragment)
atgagcaaatttgcaattatgagatttgaaaaaattaaaaacggggcaaatttaacaaaagtagaaaaacaccatattgagagggaaaaactgaaatatcgggctaatccggaatcttctaagtataacctaacttacagcaaaaaaaatgcgaatgggaaaacactaaatcaattatttaagaaaaaagttaaacaagtccaggcgaattcacaaaaacgcattagaaaagacgctgttttaggtgcggaattcgtgtgcactttctcgccaaatgcaattactgatttagaacagcttaaaaaatggacagtcgaaaatctaaaatttttcacgaaaaaattcggtgcgaaaaatatgcaaaaagcattttttgaatgtgacgaaacaactccacacttgcacatttttgttacttccgaaaaagacggtcgcttttcatggaaggctttttttcctgataaatatgcaatttcagaatttcaaaccgaatatgcaaaagcgatggaacagtttggtcttgaaagaggattgcagaggacttttcgaaataaagaccaacaagaagaatttaatttttttaacggctctgaacgaccgaggcataaatcgagttatcaatttttgcaagagcaaatggccaaggctaacaaaataattgaggatttagaaccatatcaagcacaaatcaaaaaaattaaacaggaaaaagatagaactgaaatatcgcgctaa
>gene_41196|DNA replication protein DnaC
atgatgaaggtggtcaatcatatccaacgcaatgacctcgtcatctttgatgacttcggcttgcagccgctcgataacaactcgcggctggctctgctgcagatcctggaggactgctatatgaggaagtccgtcatcgtcacctcccagttgccggtatcgaaatggtatgactatatcaacgaaccgacaatagccgatgcaatcatggacaggctcactgctggggatgttcacagaatcgagctgaaaggtgaatccttgaggcggaaaaaacaaaaataa
>gene_53457|Rep50
atggcgaaagccgataatcaacgaacgcgaaattggacgttcgttatttacccaggtgagagcgcacctgacaactggttggaaattctcaagtcattgaatacaaagggattcgtaagccccttgcatacggacataaatcccgatgacacagagaagaaaccgcataggcacgttcagttgatgtttgacggcgttaaatcgttcgagcaggtcaaacagataactgataagctcaacgccccacacccgcagtatgttcaaagcaagcaaggaatggcgcgttatctgtgccacttggacaatcccgagaagaagcaatacagcccagatgaggtcatttgcctaggcggtgcagattacgtcgataccgtggcaaccgcggcggatctcgacaatgtgatatcggaaatggaacagtggtgtgatgacaacctggtagtttcgtatgcggaattgtgcaggtacgcaaggaagaataggccagactggactagggctctacgctatcggtgcacggttcacatgcgcggatacctgcagtctatgcaatgggaaatgaagaacggaatgctagggttaaagaaaatcgttcgttgctcatattgcgggagtccagaggttgaaggatattcgttcggctccgattatgagcgggtctactactgcgaagagtgcaaagagcagcacgaaaaattagagggcggcagcgttggcggtgatgccgaatgctag
>gene_20714|Rep50
atgtttgacggcgttaaatcgttcgagcaggtcaagcagataactgataagctcaacgccccacacccgcagtatgttcaaagcaagcaaggaatggcgcgttatctgtgccacttggacaatcccgagaagaagcaatacagcccagatgaggtcatttgcctaggcggtgcagattacgtcgataccgtggcaaccgcggcggatctcgacaatgtgatatcggaaatggaacagtggtgtgatgacaacctggtagtttcgtatgcggaattatgcagatacgccaggaagaataggccagactggactagggctctacgctatcggtgcacggttcacatgcgcggttacctgcagtctatgcaatgggaaatgaagaacgggatgctagggtctaggcaaatcgttcgttgctcatattgcgggagtccagaagttgaaggatatacggttggctccgattatgagcgggtctactactgcgaagagtgcaaagagcagcacgaaaaggtagagggcggcagcgttggcggtgatgccgaatgctag
>gene_21232|Replication initiation protein
atgttgagcgatgaagaaataagaatttatgaagaaagtcaagcgcttgtagtaaagtcaaatgaccttattcaaaatacacgctatcaattatccgtaatggaacaaaagatagtaatttatttgattagtaaaattgttcttgaagataaagatattaaaacagtaaatatgtcaattaaagacttttgcgcgcttactaatactaccgcaaaaggcgatagttatgataatgtgcgcgatagtgtaagaagtctgcgcgataaaagttggtggataaagttagatgataatacagaaatgctttattcgtggattgattacgcgataattaagaagaataccggaaatatagaaatatgtttaagtaaaagccttactccttttcttacttcgctcaaatcgcggtatacaaagtataggttgattgaaatccttaaactaaaaaaacgctattctataaggctctttgaaattttacaatcgcacttatttaaaggaatatacatagatactattgaaaatataaggcatatgcttgatttaggctcaaaatacgttgattatcgtgattttcgcacaaagatattagacccctctataaaagaaataaatcaacatacatatttacacgtagaatatgaaccaattaaaagtggaaagaaagtagaaaaaataaaatttaaaataaatgaagcaatgggttatcaactatcacttttagacgagtaa
>gene_7603|Replication initiation protein
atgttgagcgatgaagaaataagaatttatgaagaaagtcaagcgcttgtagtaaagtcaaatgaccttattcaaaatacacgctatcaattatccgtaatggaacaaaagatagtaatttatttgattagtaaaattgttcttgaagataaagatattaaaacagtaaatatgtcaattaaagacttttgcgcgcttactaatactaccgcaaaaggcgatagttatgataatgtgcgcgatagtgtaagaagtctgcgcgataaaagttggtggataaagttagatgataatacagaaatgctttattcgtggattgattacgcgataattaagaagaataccggaaatatagaaatatgtttaagtaaaagccttactccttttcttacttcgctcaaatcgcggtatacaaagtataggttgattgaaatccttaaactaaaaaaacgctattctataaggctctttgaaattttacaatcgcacttatttaaaggaatatacatagatactattgaaaatataaggcatatgcttgatttaggctcaaaatacgttgattatcgtgattttcgcacaaagatattagacccctctataaaagaaataaatcaacatacatatttacacgtagaatatgaaccaattaaaagtggaaagaaagtagaaaaaataaaatttaaaataaatgaagcaatgggttatcaactatcacttttagacgagtaa
>gene_7649|ATPases involved in chromosome partitioning
atggaggtattagcagttgctatacaaaaaggcggcaccgggaaaaccacaacagccgcagtattagcacaagctgccgcgtacaaaggccacaaggttttagcaatagaccttgacccgcaaggcaatttaacatttgctgccggggccgatgcgaacgcaagcggcaacagttatgatctattacacagtacgcccgctgccgatacgatacagacaacagagcaagggtttgacattatcccggcgagttggagtttatcgacagagaaaaccgaaaagggcagcgcaacaaggctaaaagcggcaatagagcccattaaaaagcaatatgattatattatcattgatacgccgcccacagccggggaactgcaatacaacgcattatttgcagcaacagggcttattattcctttacaggccgacatattcagcctcaaaagcctataccaaataacagatacagcaaagcagataatgcagactaacaagcggttaaagataaaagggtttgtgctaacacagcttgacagccgcagcacgatagcaaagcagatgcaagagcagataatagttgcagccaataaaaagaatattccatatttaggcagcatcagaaccggcgttgcgatcaaagaggcggcagccctgcaaactaatttatatgactatgcgcccaagagtaaaccggcaagcgattatttagaactattggagcatatacagtaa
>gene_35903|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
atgcacaaagaagggtttccggctccaagtattggacgaattattgcacactatacccgtggactttatgatggggaaaccgttgattatgaccgtagagccgggggcgggcacattgaaccggagaaaagcgggcagaattatcagctgggggaatgccatgaggccgactgggtgcgggaacggctgaaaggcgtttacacacgcccccaggacgcaaacaagcccagaatgctggatatcgtggttactctccccgccgatgagccactggagaacgcccggaagttcttcgaagcctcgtatcggtcgctctgcaagcaattccaaaggaaaaataacatagtgggggcttgggtgcatatggacgaggcccagccacacatgcactttgcgttcttgccaatcgtggaaaaaacgatgaagaaaaacccggaggtcaaggaagggatttcacagaaagcctacttccccagcaagtcgagcctccagcaaatgcacaaaatcacggaaaaggacgtttcccaagcgttggggcatcgagtagcgatactcaacgaggccaccaaaacgcaagggggcaacaagtcgataagccagctaaagaccgagagcaagaaggtcatggacaaggccatgaaacaaaaggcgaagctggaagaagccaaggacggtatcagcaagggggctgagtggttcggacttggtaaggaatactggaaggtatcgctggagcgtatgcctgtagtgtggtctttagccaaggcaggggcagaggccaaggccacggagcaggagaggcagcaggaactgctcaacgcaaaagccaaggagcgacag
>gene_52312|Replication protein RepB
atgggaggtttttttatcgtggcaaaaaataccaaagcaaagcaaaaggagtatgacagtcagagggcaggccaacgcacaagaaattgggcggcaatcttctacccagaggatttgcccgatgactggaaagagcgggtcgatgacctgcggtttaagtgggtcgaaggcccacttcatgacaaggacaccaatgcagacggctccccgaaaaagccgcaccaccacaccctcttgatgttcgatagcgtcaagacggtggagcaggtcgcagacctcttgaaaggcgttttcggggcctctgagggcggctcaatcgtgggggtggctacaccccaacgagtgagcgaccgatgcgctgtggtgcgttatatggcccacatggacaaccctgacaaggcgcagtacgatgtagccgagatagtcggccacaatggagctgaccccgccgagattttgcggtattcggcaaccgagacccgtgagatgatagttgcgatggaagagtacatagaggctcacggggtcacggagcttgccgacttctcggcggcgattaggtatgaccatccagagtggcatacgcttttggctacaaagatgacagtatattttaatgcgtttatccgttcccgtcgtcacaaattagtcgaagcaccaccaccgcctccccctcgtccgtctatcaagtgtgacgagaacggggaagtcgttgggggacttccattttga
>gene_17646|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatgcagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_31764|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_16969|Replication protein
atgatgcagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatacccagaggcagaatggcagtttgtgacacttacggttgaaaactgccgcccaagatcattacgtgaaacaatagacgaaatggctcgcgcctggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcacaaaaaatatgcccattattgggtgggcccgatcgttggaaatcacttataaccgcaaaaacatgacctttcacccgcattatcatgttatgatcctgtgggatgatgcatattcgcctagtgaatatgagcagaaatggcttgaacggacatggatggacacggttgagattcgcactgtagatgaagcgcaggcgtccactatggttaaaagttacgggcgtcagatggttccttctatgatcgatcagaaagatgatgaggctgaagcggttctatccgctgtactggaaacttataagtacagtataaaatccgtagaattacaggaaatgcctctgggcgtctttgaaattctcgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggtggcttttggaggcgtcgtcaaagaatatgctaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaatcaatgagcgcagaggatgattccaacgaagatccggctataaaacgctgtgcatcctgtaaatccgtcaaactcattgaaatcgtcggcaagtggacgggtgacggatatttatggcgcagggatacgtga
>gene_51686|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_54088|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttgtggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_13621|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_30603|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_16100|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggttgcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttatggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_1004|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatacagatagttcaaggcttgcgggagaaatattctgaggctgaatggcagtttgtgaccctcactgttgaaaactgccgccccaaagcattgagcgataccatagacgaaatggcccgagcatggaactgcatatggagcagacgaagcactaaaaaactgcctattctgggctgggcgcggtctttggagatcacttataaccgtaaaaacatgacctttcatccgcattatcatgtaatgattctgtgggatgatgcatattcaccaagtgaatacgagcaaaagtggctcgaacgggcatggatggacacagtaaagattcgcactgtagatgatgcccaggcttcgtctatggttaaaagttacgaccggcagatgataccatctatgtacgatcagaaagacgatgaggccgaagcggttctttctgctgtattggagacttataagtattctattaaatccgtagaattacaagaaatgcctcttggcgtctttgaaatccttgataaactcataaaaggccgccgaatggtagcttttggaggcgtcgttaaagaatatgccaaggaaatcggcctatcttcaatggaaaccatgagcgcagaggatgacaccaacgaagacccggctatcaaacgctgtgccgcctgcaaatccgtcaaactcattgagatagtcggcaagtggacaggagacggctatttgtggcgcagggatatgtga
>gene_54691|Plasmid replication protein
atgtcagaatataaaataaaagtaccagctgaaggggcatcagttggaggcggtattgtattttctaaacgatacaactgtaccgcctggcagtttattatttaccctgaaagcgctccagcagattggagagaaaatctcactcagttaggtttaccgtttgcagttagtcccttacacgataaggatgtaaacgaaagtgctgagggaggaccggaactcaaaaaagagcattatcatatgcttatggtatggaacaatcctacaacttggctcaatgctataagaatagcagaagcaattcactctcccttacctctgccggtgcttaatattcgaaaccgttatgattattttatacataaaaacgaccctcataagtaccagtatgaccctgcagatattgagttgcacaatggtttcgatattggtcaggtacagaaacttacaggctcagaggtttttaatattatgaccgaactcacaaacatttgcagagatttaggcataacagagtattgcgatttgattttttattgcattgataatggattgatgcagcatctcgatgttgctcagcatcatacgatttattttacttcaatatgcaaaggcatttggagaacatccgacaaaagacaaaggtatgccgttgatgttcgcaccggtgaacttgtagagagagacactctcccgaaagaactccagggaggtgatgttgcagatgagtga
>gene_39724|Replication protein RepB
atggcggaaaaatccaccgaaacccgcggccgaaattgggccatcgttgcctatcctgagtcgatgcccgaggactggctcgaaaagttgcaggaggagcacgtccccgcgttcgtgtccccgttgcatgacagcgacgaaaaccccacaggcgaaaagaaaaaggcgcattatcacgtcttgctcatgttctcgggaaacaaagcccgcgaccaaatcgtgaaaatcagcgaagaaatattctcgggagttcagcccgaaagggtgaaggacttgcgagcatatgcccgctatttatgccacttcgacaaccctaaaaaggctcaatactcgcctaacgatgtcatcagcctgggtggtgccgactacatggaaatgattggaagcctggcggataccgattcagccgtgcgggagatgatggaatggtgcagggagcagggcgtgttctcgttcgcgcgtctctgcgactatgcggcgaaggagcgcggcgactggttcagggtcttgacctcgaagcgaaccgtgttcatgactgcctacttgaagtcaatgaaatgggaatacgagcaagaactcgacagcgaaatcgacagaaagcaaaggacgctcgaagcgatggaaaacaaggcagaagccttgaacgatgagctatcgaagctgacgatgaaggcgatgatgccaggctccgaggaatggagcgagcaagtggacgcgctattcatcgtgtag
>gene_17716|Putative replication protien
atgactgactttgattatagtgtcgttttagacaacaatgagcgtgagcgtatgcgtgcggagggttttgccgatgaggttatcgactggcacgctcgggagaggtttaatgaccttgtcgaagatttcaagtggaaaaatgctattctgaaaagcaattttgagcctgtctctttttttgagtttgtgggggacgttttcgaggggctcgagaagttaatggtcgtgaccgagggcgtgggctaccaggaaatggacatcgacgaacttgtcgagtatcaggcaactcgttccgatgtgtatgtcgttcctgcgagttttataaatgggtttaatagcagttcgacctgccgagatgtttatgccctggttgttgatatcgataagattgaaccagggacacttaaagcaattatcgacaaggatactctcgggacaaaaatcccaatgccttcttacatcgttaacagtggcaggggcgttcatttttactatgtctttactgaacctgttccgcattattactgtaatcgtaaaatcttgaaagatatgtatcgagcgttgtgcggtattactggacagaacatattagccaaaacagactggcacgcgattacacagccattccgactgcctggaagcctttctcgattggggcagattgtaaccgcttggcaatgtaatgaccgttgggaggttaaagcactcgctcatcggctgggggtagatatcgagggcttagacttgcgacgccgtcctcttctaactcaagaggaatataaaaaagccaaggcggacagaaaggcaaaggcttcagagggagaaaagcccgccaaaaagagccacagagcgacctggcggtcttctctgtcgggtaaggagggcttttattcctcttgcctggagcgttgttataatgagaccgcagagggctctcgttatttgtctatgtgtgccctggttgttgttgctcgaaaggtcgaaacgatttcacgggaacgagtggaacgagatttggaaaaactgctcgagcattataacagtatcggaaagcatatgtcttctcgagaggttcagaaggctttaagaatgtataacgccaaggcactcgaaaccaggagccaaacgctggaggcatggttcgggtggaagtttgaccgagatgcagcgaaacgcagagaaaaacaaaaagcaagaggaagaacgagaaccaaggaagaggcttggagaatagcaagaagcacaagggacattctttttcccgagggttcttggagaaacaaagacggacgccctgaaggctctggaaccaaagaaaaaacggtcaaggagtggcgagaggcgaaccccgagggaaagccaaaggactgcatcgaggcgactggcttgagtaagaacacggtctacaagtggtggcggtcttga
>gene_19747|Mob
atgcacaaagagggctacccgctcagtagcatcggcaagctgataggccactacacaagagaaatgtatgaggagggggaggcaagaggcaagcctgtagaatatccacggagagccgggggcggtcacatagacaccagcaggagccaccttaactaccagctgggggaatgtcacggcgtggactgggtgaaagacagattgcaaggcgtgtattcccgcccacaggactggaacaaaccgaaaatgcttgatattgtcgtaaccctgcccacagacgagccaccggagaacgccagggctttttttgaggccgcctataagtcgctcatcaagcagtatcagaagaaaaataacatcgtgggggcgtgggtgcatctggacgaggcacagcctcacatgcactttgcattcctgcccatcattgacagaaacttaaagaaagaccccacagttaaggaaagtatcagcacaaaggcatactttccttcaaaatccagcctccagcagatgcacaagaccacggaacaggacgtttcggaggctctggggcaccgggtggcgattctcaacgaggccaccaagcaacagggcgggaacaagtcgatttcacagctgaaaaccgacagcaagaaggccatggagcgggcaaccgaagaaaaacaggctttggacgaggccaaggcaggaatcaccttcaaaaagccatggtttagcggtaactattacaaggtcacgccggaggaattcaaggtaatatggaaatacgcaagggctggagctgaggccaaggccacggagcaggagcgacaggccgaactaaggaacgccaaggccaaggagaaacaggccgaccaagagcgaaacgccgtaaaaatccagctggaggaggcaaagcgtgagggtgcagcactcaaggagaaactcagcgaagctgagatcctccttgaggctccacccgccgagaagaaggaactggaaacatttatggcgttcaagcaacaccaattcagggattttgccgattatgtgcatcgagaggccgtacaggcttatgttgactatggtaacgaggtagagcctatacttgataccatggggagggctttcgaggctataggagtgccatctgaggccgtggaggagcatatatggagttgtgttaaagcatgtactcaacaggccaagcggttttttaagtgccgggagaaggggcaggagtaccaccccccggagcgtgtaaaaagctggtatccagccccggaggagaccgattacagcaagcaagatgaagccccagcccttagggagagattgcaaaagttggtcatgtttgagattacagaagaaaaaaggaagttgttcagccgtgtcctggcgatgtcaaagggcaaggcgagcaagaccaccagccgtggcaggtag
>gene_49434|Rep protein
ttggcgaaacaacttaccgaatatttcgaaaaaataaccgttactaaaggcatcgttgaagtacgtcgatacgagcatttaaacgtccacggcggtggtgctcgtgatggtgatggtgagcataaagaacggaattataaatacacccaacgcgttcgcagaaatcgtattcgccagttggtctgtacgaatttcgatagcaattcgaagttcgttaccctaacgtttgataactcccatctgttcgatatttgcgatgttaaggcctgtaatgcatacttcaaaaaattcgtgatgcgtttgaagtatcgctttcctgagttcaagtatgtggcagtcatcgaatttcaggacaagaacggtcgcggtgcagttcactatcacatgatttgtaatttgccctatgtgaagaagtctgaattgtccaatatttggggcggtggctttgtcaaaatcaatgctatcgataaggtcgataatgtcggtgcttatgtggtcaaatacatgacatctgatatggacgatactcggctgcagggtttacaagcttatcttcattctcgtggtctcgaggatcccatcgagtttgccacttggaaaggtgatcccgaagaatggcaagccgttcacgattatctcgaaaaaaaatcgccctcgtactctgccaagtacgagagcgaatccgctggcttgattgaatactaccaattcaatttcaatcgacggtaa
>gene_42488|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagtgaggcattacagacaacactactgccagacgagaagatatgggaggcaaatttaattgcccgtgctacttggtcggtgtcttcgccctgtactgaaaaggcaatcggcgtactggtaaaacgtctgcaagagaaaggctcaatagagcgagaagaaatcaaagtgcgtgagttgcttggctcacatccaagcaaagctgactactacactgcacgaggactggcgaagaagatagtcaacgacactgtaattgttgaccgtccaggcggtgactttgaactcttcactctgctggacgggcatatatcatattcaaagaaacgggacagttacacaatgaaattaaatcccgctatgacgcaattctatatgaacctgtccaattattttagcgtgttttcccttcctgaactcctggaactggacggcaaatacacccaacggctctatcatattttgaagagctgggaaggttgcaagaatggctacattgattttgagattgaatacctgaaactcaaactcagcgcacaaacatatacaaactacggacaatttaatttaagagttttatccgtagcaaaaaaagaaatcgagcgcaagactactatgcgctttgattatgagccgtgcgaaaagtgcggacgaagaattacaaaaatccgttttctttttaagtcctcgccgaagtacaacaaagcaccgaaaaaagtttcacattag
>gene_45763|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagtgaggcattacagacaacactactgccagacgagaagatatgggaggcaaatttaattgcccgtgctacttggtcggtgtcttcgccctgtactgaaaaggcaatcggcgtactggtaaaacgtctgcaagagaaaggctcaatagagcgagaagaaatcaaagtgcgtgagttgcttggctcacatccaagcaaagctgactactacactgcacgaggactggcgaagaagatagtcaacgacactgtaattgttgaccgtccaggcggtgactttgaactcttcactctgctggacgggcatatatcatattcaaagaaacgggacagttacacaatgaaattaaatcccgctatgacgcaattctatatgaacctgtccaattattttagcgtgttttcccttcctgaactcctggaactggacggcaaatacacccaacggctctatcatattttgaagagctgggaaggttgcaagaatggctacattgattttgagattgaatacctgaaactcaaactcagcgcacaaacatatacaaactacggacaatttaatttaagagttttatccgtagcaaaaaaagaaatcgagcgcaagactactatgcgctttgattatgagccgtgcgaaaagtgcggacgaagaattacaaaaatccgttttctttttaagtcctcgccgaagtacaacaaagcaccgaaaaaagtttcacattag
>gene_37859|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagtgaggcattacagacaacactactgccagacgagaagatatgggaggcaaatttaattgcccgtgctacttggtcggtgtcttcgccctgtactgaaaaggcaatcggcgtactggtaaaacgtctgcaagagaaaggctcaatagagcgagaagaaatcaaagtgcgtgagttgcttggctcacatccaagcaaagctgactactacactgcacgaggactggcgaagaagatagtcaacgacactgtaattgttgaccgtccaggcggtgactttgaactcttcactctgctggacgggcatatatcatattcaaagaaacgggacagttacacaatgaaattaaatcccgctatgacgcaattctatatgaacctgtccaattattttagcgtgttttcccttcctgaactcctggaactggacggcaaatacacccaacggctctatcatattttgaagagctgggaaggttgcaagaatggctacattgattttgagattgaatacctgaaactcaaactcagcgcacaaacatatacaaactacggacaatttaatttaagagttttatccgtagcaaaaaaagaaatcgagcgcaagactactatgcgctttgattatgagccgtgcgaaaagtgcggacgaagaattacaaaaatccgttttctttttaagtcctcgccgaagtacaacaaagcaccgaaaaaagtttcacattag
>gene_33451|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagtgaggcattacagacaacactactgccagacgagaagatatgggaggcaaatttaattgcccgtgctacttggtcggtgtcttcgccctgtactgaaaaggcaatcggcgtactggtaaaacgtctgcaagagaaaggctcaatagagcgagaagaaatcaaagtgcgtgagttgcttggctcacatccaagcaaagctgactactacactgcacgaggactggcgaagaagatagtcaacgacactgtaattgttgaccgtccaggcggtgactttgaactcttcactctgctggacgggcatatatcatattcaaagaaacgggacagttacacaatgaaattaaatcccgctatgacgcaattctatatgaacctgtccaattattttagcgtgttttcccttcctgaactcctggaactggacggcaaatacacccaacggctctatcatattttgaagagctgggaaggttgcaagaatggctacattgattttgagattgaatacctgaaactcaaactcagcgcacaaacatatacaaactacggacaatttaatttaagagttttatccgtagcaaaaaaagaaatcgagcgcaagactactatgcgctttgattatgagccgtgcgaaaagtgcggacgaagaattacaaaaatccgttttctttttaagtcctcgccgaagtacaacaaagcaccgaaaaaagtttcacattag
>gene_33878|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagtgaggcattacagacaacactactgccagacgagaagatatgggaggcaaatttaattgcccgtgctacttggtcggtgtcttcgccctgtactgaaaaggcaatcggcgtactggtaaaacgtctgcaagagaaaggctcaatagagcgagaagaaatcaaagtgcgtgagttgcttggctcacatccaagcaaagctgactactacactgcacgaggactggcgaagaagatagtcaacgacactgtaattgttgaccgtccaggcggtgactttgaactcttcactctgctggacgggcatatatcatattcaaagaaacgggacagttacacaatgaaattaaatcccgctatgacgcaattctatatgaacctgtccaattattttagcgtgttttcccttcctgaactcctggaactggacggcaaatacacccaacggctctatcatattttgaagagctgggaaggttgcaagaatggctacattgattttgagattgaatacctgaaactcaaactcagcgcacaaacatatacaaactacggacaatttaatttaagagttttatccgtagcaaaaaaagaaatcgagcgcaagactactatgcgctttgattatgagccgtgcgaaaagtgcggacgaagaattacaaaaatccgttttctttttaagtcctcgccgaagtacaacaaagcaccgaaaaaagtttcacattag
>gene_54613|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcagaaaggagaaaagcctatgcagacgacgacaacgatacattggaataaaggcaatattgccaaggctcacaacgagagagacgaagagctgtgcaagcatgaagagcacatagacttatataatattcatggcgactcattccacgagacactccacagaagagacctgcgagacgtgtacgaggaagtctttggagatgccattgaagaatacaatgcgaagcagaaaagaaaagaccgaatgaagacagtcgagtcttacatgcaggaagtcgaagacgacaccagaggaaagagacagacgaaaaaggtcaacggcaagtcggtcatagacgaggatgccgagcgacagggtaaacaggtcgagtatgaaataactgtcaaggtcggcaacacagaacgtaccgcagacgaaaaaggtcgagtagcttatgacgaaaacaaccaccatattcgacgagaatgcctgccaagagaattacaaagggaaattctcacagagtactgtaacacattccaagaagccaacccgaacttcaaggttgtaagcatggagctacacggagacgagggcttttacaacaagagaggtgtctgggagtacgacataatacacccacacatcactgtcgtaccattcgcacacgacttcaaaagaggtatgtccgtacaaaactccatgaataaagcactcgaagaaatgggatgcggtggcacaaac
>gene_42705|conjugal transfer protein TraG
ttaatcagtatgatttacacgcagctctttaatttactttgtgaaaaggcagatgatgtatatggtggaagattgccggtgcatgtaacctgcctaattgatgagatggcaaacatcggacagattccaaacctggagaagctgatggcaaccatccgaagccgtgaaatatcggcatgtctggtgctgcaggcaaagtcgcagctaaaggcaatatataaagataatgcagataccattatcggtaactgtgattcccagattttcctgggtggttctgaacagacgactcttaaggacctgaacaccacgctcggtaaagagactatcttaaatgtaccgtattttttgattggagcagtagcaacaaacttaggtgaagcatggcgaatagcatctggcatcaatatgtcagagaagcttcagggaatggtaacaggcggcgcattcagtgctgctttttctaaccctatgccaagccttcatccaattgatttattagtcggtgtagcagttggaggtgcactcaggctggctgtatatcttaaaggcaagaatgccaagaagtacagacacaatgctgagtatggatctgccaggtggggcacgcatgaggacatagagccttttattgataaggagttttctaataacatgcttctgtcacagacggagcgacttaccatgaatggaagaccgccggagcctaaatttgcacgtaataagaatgtgcttgtggtaggtggttctggttcaggtaagacaagattctttattaagcccaatgccttacagatgaattcttcactggtaattactgatccaaaaggtacggtcgtgaacgaaattggccacgccctggtgaagaataattaccgtatgaaaatctttaacacgatcaattttaagaagagtatgcattataatccatttgcatatgtgcatgatgaaaaggacattttgaagctggttacaaccctgattgcaaacacaaaaggggaaggaaaaggcggggacgaattctgggagaaagccgagaaattgctgtattcagcgctgatcggctatatccattatgaggctccggaggaggaacagaacttcacaacgctgcttgaaatgatcaatgcgatggaggtccgcgaggatgatgaagagttcaaaaatccggtggatttaatgtttgatgagttagaggaaagagatccggatcactttgctgtaaggcaatataaaaaatataaattaagtgccggcaagaccgcgaaatcgatcctcgtgagctgcggtgcgagacttgcaccatttgatattaaggagcttcgagaggttacagcttatgatgaattggagctggatacccttggagataagaagacagcactgtttcttattatgtcagatacggatgcgacttttaac
>gene_27718|replication protein
ttgagcgccaagcaaagcgccgaaatgctctacaccctcacatacataaacgatattgagagttatacagccgcttttctcactctcacggtcgaaaactgcgccgtagagcaattggaaccgactctcaaaatgatgtcggaagcctggcaccgtatgcttgccaagcgcaaaaataaggatcttatcgtaggcaccgcaagatctacggagatcacatacaaccaaaaaagcaagacttttcacccccattttcatattataatgctacttgacggagtggcgccgacgacaaaagcgatcggagaaatgaacgcgtattttaacgaagaatggcgcaaggcggcaaggttgatctatcaaccgatcacggatcttcggcttataagcaccgaagcacccctggagtatgacaaaccgatcgcggatcaataccgacgcgcgatcctggagactttcaaatacacaataaaagacgatcagcttgcggatatgcccctgggatcgttccgctactatgtggacgcgatcaacggcaagcggctcgtcaattatactggtgtagtcaaggaagcgagacaacaactcgattacagcgacgacctggaagcggaaacgaccgcaaagcggtgtgacaattgctccgcggaaatgatctctgccgtctatcaatggtcttttgctgaaaacacatataaacggtttgtagattactcaaccgcttgttaa
>gene_54701|RepXfA
cacacgcggtggctgtatggcgtcgatgccgagaacctgagcggctccggcttagccctcacgctgacgattcgggactgtccagagacccatgaggaatgggggaaactcgtccagcgatacctccgcgttctccgcaagtcgggtgtcctgctgcgcactcactgggtggtcgagtggacacggcgcaaggttccccatatccacatggcggtgtacctcgaaggggaagtgtcggaggctgatgctatagacctcctcatcctcccgtggatgcggctagcactgcctttcggaacgtctgtacgagcgcagcacatagcacccatcacgggcgctctaggttggctggagtacctgtctaagcacgcggcgcgcggggtcgggcactatcagcgtgcggggaaaccttcaggatgggagaaaacggggcgactgtgggggcacaccggggaatggccgtctgtggagcctgtggaggcggatatcacccggcaggagttctttcgcttccgtcgtctggtgcgctcctggcgcgtcgcggatgctcgggcgtcggcactagctgggaagagctcgtggaaacgggtcacgtcagccaggacaatgctggcgcatccagaccggacactctcagaggttcgcggggtctccgagtggataccggagcaggtggggctcgacctgctttccctcgcccgggagtccacccgtccattcattcgatag
>gene_31235|Replication protein repB
atggcaaaaaacagtaaagaagtgcagaaaaagcatgatgataagcgagctggccttagagcgcgcggatgggcttgtatagtttatccggaaagtcttccggataactggattgagttgcttaacgaatctcacatacagacattgataagtcctcttcacgacaaagacattgacggagcaggaaaaccgaaaaagccacattatcatgttttggcaatgtacgataatgtggttggggaatctactgcgaaaaaatattttttaagaataggatataaagaaccgccagaaaaggtggataccataaagggttatgctcgatacttaatccatttagatgatcatgataaagcaaaatacgatgaagcagacattgttgctttagcaggtgcatcgtggagagctgcagcattggatgaagcagaagaaatcaatgctattctggatgaaatcgaggattacatagcggagacaggctgtgtaagttacttcgcactgacgagatatgctcgtgctgagcgttccgagtggacccgtgtaattcgcaagaatacgatccatctgactgcattactgaaatccttgcaatgggaagaagaacagaagcaaagacaaaaagagagggcaaacagaaacgttcctgcagtaagaactgtttttgttgattcggagacaggtgaaattttagagaaaggcgttgatgcaaatggcagcattaaagactga
>gene_33994|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgatatcatgtaaacgaggtgataaaatgccaactataaaacagagcatagaaacgaattttattgacaacactactggcgaaattttaagaagcgaggaacgtgtgtttaaatcttggagtgatgagccgccatttatcaaattatatcttcaagatatcctgtttttaagcgatttacctaaaggtcataatgcagtactttcttcacttttaaaacgtgcaggctgggcaagtgaaaacggtatggagataagtttaacagctggtaccaagcgacttatgctacgtgaattgggattgaaaaatattcgcacaatcaacaatgcactgagcgattttgttagagccaaaattttatatcgagttgaaacaggtgtgtacagatttaatccatatctttttggcaaaggcgactggcaagacataagtaaattgcgcttaaccgtggattatagtattcaggggaaaacctttggcagcatgatagcctacgctaagcaagaagaagaacaactgaccctagaccaagccataaatgaaaaaaatgctcctagagggtctcaggggggtcaaaatggaaaatacaaacaaggacgaagaactcgccaaacaaaaaaagcagaaaacgttggttcgagacatgcgaagcatcctacaaagcgcacgggacaaaaattagctgctaaagaaaaaaataacgacggcgcaaaaaaaataaactga
>gene_57012|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgattttaggaggatgtggagctatgttgtgtgatgtaatacagcagtggggagggacggaggtgtcccctatggatgtctatcgggatattttccgtttaggagataacgagattcagagagagaatgagaaaccggggaattttaaggccaatccgattgcttattggaggaatgcaggggagaagtccggacacttccggatcatgtttgatgatactttcgaagagaccttggatgaacttcagcaggcagactttgccattctcaatggtctgacatactttgggagaaggaatgttcaggagcatgcctcgaagatgtatgccatgatattcgatattgacggtgtgacagacatcaagatggaatcttttttaagtggcgcgttccgtgcggatgcgtatccggtaccgaattatattgttctgtctgggcacggaatacatctgtattacgtctttgaatatccggtacctctgtttccgaatatcaagctacagttaaaggagctgaagtatgctctgacctataaaatgtggaatccatacaccagtacagaagaaaagtgccaatttcagggtattaatcaaggatttcgtgtgattggaggaaagacaaaggcggatgcggcggaaccggtaacaagagtgtaccggttaaacacgcacccatttaatcttgaacagctgaaccgatatgtagaagtgaagaaccggattgatgagacaaagatttttaaagagagtaaaataacgcttgaagaggcgcgtaaaaggtatccggaatggtatgaaaaagtggtcttgaataaagaccggactccaaaaaaatgggatattgccggaaaggtacatggtgagaatccgtatgctttgtatgactggtggcttcgacaaatcgaagcaggagcgtcgtaccggcaccggtattttaatgttatgtgtttggcaatatatgctgtcaaatgcgatgttccggaagaaaagctctggaaggatgccatggaattgataccatttttgaatgatatcaatcgagaagaaccgttcacgcgggaagatgtggaatgtgccctggaatgttatgaccatcggtattgcacgtttccaattcgggatatagagaaacttagcggaatttcggtaccgaagaacaaaaggaacggtagaaaacaagcgttacatttgcgtttggcacgtgcaaatagagatattttgtgcgaagaacgaggtaaaagtgattggagggaaggcgcaggcagaccgaaaggatccggaacggcagaacagataataagagcatggagagaggaatatccggatgggaggaaagctgattgtatccgtgagacggggttggcgaagccgaccatttacaaatggtgggacgctgtagaacgaaaggaggtttctatggaaatgatgaacgagatagaaaaggtaaaagcggacctgctgaattatggcagacaggtggtggattttgtagtagagatgtatccgcagtacgtaccggttctcctcatgacaggagagctgaaggcgatcgcgcagcatcggcagacggaagcaacggaaatgatggtgcaattggagaaagagtatgccaagacacaccattccgaggacttcatgacgaatctgcagatgctccacgatggcagaaccatcgctcaggagacggttaacaaggaaattctttttaatcgtatctgggagccggtaaagatagctgtgtgcggtcatgagattgaatttgaaccggttctcattgaggcgtttgagcggacggtacctgattcctttgcggattctgtagaatcgtatctggcaacgaatttccgggagcctgacctagagaaagtgttccggggacatccggaagaagaaatccggcgcgtgattatcgatgctgccacgaaggatatcgcactgtacaaggaggatttatga
>gene_1409|Rep protein
gtgagatatacggagaaatactacgagaaaatcgttgtgacccgtggtattgtcgaggtatggagatacgagaaactgaacacgaaaggcggaggagcacgctccggagacggcaaggaaaaagagaagaactaccggaagacacagcgtgcccggcgtaaccgaattcgtcagctggtctgcatgaattttgatagcggctcgaagttcgtcactctgacattcgatgacaaacagcagtttgacatcaaggatgtaaaggcctgtaatgcctacttcaagaagttcgtcatgaggatgaagtacaggtatccggacttcaagtatgtggctgtcatcgagttccaagacaagaacggcagaggtgctgttcactatcacgttatctgcaacctgccctatctgaaaaaagccgaactcgcccaaatctggggagccggcttcgtcaaaatcaatgccatcgacaaggtcgacaacgtaggcgcatacgtcatcaagtacatgacttccgatatggacgatacccggctgtgcggtctgcaagcctatctgcataccagaggattggaagagccgatggagctgaccacatggaaaggtgacccggaagaatggcgcatggtacatgagagcctaaaaggaaattcgccctcgtattcggcaaaatacgagagcgaagctgctggagctattgagtactttcagtacaatttcaatcggcagtag
>gene_17826|Replication initiation protein A
ttgttcggagacaaagaaaaaagccgtcccctggtggcacaggaaacggctgttgcagatgtctctgacaaatttcggtacggtgattatacaacaagatgtggcgtaagtcaagagttttcggaagtcgcggagattgcgaagaagtttgttccgaagcggtcgcagtcggagttgctggctcagtcctttgaacggttggactatcagaagcgggcaacccgtgttgctgactgtggcacttatttggaattcgcccatccgattgacgcatacggcgttgtgtcggatacaggcaaattacataatgcaaacttttgtcgggacagactgtgccctatgtgtgcgtggcgaaggtcgtataagattttcgcccaggtgtcccagatcatggacgttatcaaagatgaatatgcttttttatttttaactttaacgataccgaatgttgtcggagacgagctatcaaaggctattgacgagttgaacgaaggttggaagaagttagtcaaacacaagaagctgaagaagattctgaagggatacttcaaggctttggagattacaagaaaccctttgaggaatgactatcacccgcacattcatgccgtgctggctgttcccaagtcttacttcaagaaggcggactatatcaaacatgaagagtggttgtccatctggcggaagtccatgaacgacaactctataacacagattgatata
>gene_39471|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtttgacaagaaaaaagccccacaaagcgctgggaacgctttgcagggcggtcataatgatgtcacagatagtatagcagaatcggctgaaaatgtaaatgctaaaaatcgttattgggcgtgtgtcatgtatcctgagaacatggttccagattgggaaatcacaataggagaccttttgcaaggtttgcctgttgcgtatgctctgcaccatattgaccatgataccaaatcagagcatagaaaagaccatgttcatttgattgtggcttttccaaacacgacaacctacaagaacgctatgagtgtgtttgctcatctcaatgcgcctgggcgcagagcgttcaacacttgcaaggctgtcttccatattcgtggagcttatgattatcttatccatgatactgaagcttgtcgaaaagagggtaaagagctttaccccaaggaagcaagaatctgcgtcaatagctttgacattggtgcgtttgagcaaatcagcttagctgaaaaacatgaagtcacaaaagagttggcaaaagtcataattgaaaggaaatttgtcaattttacggacttctatatgttcgttttgactgagtatgaggattcagtctacagtgagatagttgaaacgaaatcaggcttctttgaacgcttgaccaagggcaactatcaaaagtggcaactggctcaagagatacataaacagatgggtggtaaataa
>gene_30836|Plasmid recombination protein
gtgaaaattggcgcatcattcagcactggtagagtagcatacgcacatgatttaaggataacacataccaacaatgtagacacagagctaagtaaggacaatgtaattcttgtagataacctgcagggaaagagcattgaagaatatactaacgagcgtatgcaaccagtgatagaccagtacaattcgaagcaaaaaagaaaagacagaaaaatcaatgttccgtactgcgaatattttaacagccagaaagaccatggacaattagcgtatgaagcagttttgcagtatggggaacatgatgaccttggcaagcgatattatgaagctaccacaccagaagaaaaagctaagatacggcaggagtatgtgaacgtatatcgttatatgctcaatgtgctaaaagagaagtatccgcatctggaaatactttatgcaacaattcattttgatgaaccttatgggactccgcacatgcatatctgttatcaggggataggcaaaaactataagcagggactatctgaacaggttagtatcggcaatgctttaacctgctgtggtgtggaaagagtaaagagcagagcagaagctcaagaacttggtggttatcagctcacaagattttaccatgatatccggcataaatatttcataccacttcttcagaatcgccttcattacgaaatcaaagaagaagagcatggtaaaaagcatcaggaacctgatgtatataaatcagcaaagcaagctgaagaacgtgcagaaaaatattctgctcttgctgacgaaaaacagttggcagcagagcaggcaactcaagagcttcaggcaatcgaaaagcaaaaagaagtaagtaaggcacaacttactgcttaccaccaaaagaacactgaaattgaagctgtaattggcgaaaaacaacaattagtggcaaggtataatgaagggtcgctccgtaagaaaaaacgtgaaatagagagccctgacgcttatacagaagccaataaattagcagagcaggagcttcagcagtttacaaagggattgtttaagaagcaacctacaaaagaagaacttgaaatgtatattagcggttgggctcgtaacaaaatctctgataaggtcgccacggaatttataaagctcatagaagcattacaggaagagaatgacagcctgagtagacagttggaagctcataagcaggaataccggcacacggccaaagagcgtgaacaggttaaggcaaatcatcagcgattacaagcagacctgcataatgaagaccggagaatacatgacagagctatcgagatggctaaaaatatggcttacacagccgaaccggtattagaataccttaaaacgcataccgtcgaaaatgagccaaatacgacgttatttcaggtaatacaa
>gene_2541|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgaaaaggatttatggatatactagaatcagccagaagaaacaaagcattgaaaggcagatccgcaatatcaaggcaagataccccgatgcaatcatcgtgcaggaagcatacacaggaacgcgctttgatggccgaaaggaatatgaacgccttttgaagcagatccgcaaggaaattgcagaaggtgtggaggttcttctggtatttgatagtgttagcagaatgagccgtgatgaagaagaaggctttgcagaatataaagccttgtatgaaagcggtattgagctggaattcatcaaagaaccgtatgtaaatacagaggtttatagagaatcagcaaagaggcagattgaagcggttaaaacaggcgatgatgcaaccgacgaatttatgcaagcaatggcaagcgcaatcaataaatacattatgagcctagcagaaaggcagatcaaggtagcatttcagcaagccgaaaaggaagtgcaggatctacaccagcgcacaaaggaagggcttgaaacagccagattgcaaggccgtgtgggtggattgaagaagggtgcaaagctgaatgtaaagaaagcagaaccggcaaaagagatcatccgcaagcatagcagagactttgaaggatccttgaatgatgcagactgtatgaagctggccggaattgctaggaacacatattataaatacaaagcagagttaaagcaggagggttga
>gene_5890|DNA replication protein
atggaagtacccataacaacagccttaaaggctctaaagatgccaggaatggcagaaagctggcgggtgatggaagagacccatcagctggacaaactgtctgtaagggacggtatgccgcttctcttacaagcagaaatggacagccgggagaccaatcgcatcgccaaactcatcaagggcgccgggttcaggcttacggccactatcgaggaactggacattgacgctgcccgaggcgtgcccgcagaccttattacccaactgggaactggcgaatatatccgccaaggcggcaccgtcattatcagcggaccggccggcaccggtaaaacctatctggccaatgccctgggtgaaaaggcctgcaggcagggcaagaaggtcgtttacttcactatgcagcgtctctcagatcagatgagggtggctaggttggaaggaaaagaactccggttctttgaaaaactgacccggtacgatctcatcatcctcgatgactttggaatgaaacccattgagggacagttccaaaacgacttcgaacaaatccttgatgaccgctacaacaagaaggccctcatcattgccagccagttgcccgtgtctgactggtacgctctgttcaaaaacgaactaatcgcggaagcgtgcctggatagaatcatccacaaagcaatacgcttccagctaaaaggagagagtctaagaaaaaagtattaa
>gene_17201|RepB protein
ttggctaaaagtaaagacaaagagacagagcgtaaaaaacggtacgaagaaaaacgagcaggtcaacgtaccaggaactgggcggtgatattctatccagaagaccttccggacgattggaaggagcaggtggacgggcttcgcgttcgctggattgaatctccactacatgaccaggatgtaaatgcagacggaacaccgaagaaaccacatcatcatacgttattcatgtttgatgcggttaagaatttaaaccaggttaagcagatgttccaggagcttttcggagcttctgaaaacgactctatcgtaggagtggcaacgcctcagcaggcgaacgaccgaagtggtgttgttcgatacatggcgcatctggataatccggaaaaagcgcaatatgatacggctgagattgtcggtcacaacggcgcggatccagctgaaatacttcgttattcagcaacggaaactcgtgaaatgataatcgctatggaagaatacatagaggagcacagcatatgcgaattagctgatttcgctaaggcaattcgttacactcatccagagtggcacacaatactagcgacgaagatgacctattacttcacggccttcattcgttccaatagacacaaggtattagaggcggatttgaagtctgcagcagaaccggcagaggttccagataacgtaaatccggaaacaggtgaaataatcgagtag
>gene_8305|RepB
ctgaacaaaaactatgttgtccaggctaacgacctggtaagacaaacaaattggactatgaacaaaatacctctgaaattgttcaaagcattggtggcaaagatagacacgtcaaaccctcccgaagataacactgtaacagtcaacaaaagggacttggtaagatttttcgatggaaaaatgacaaattatgactatctcaaagcacagctgcaagaattaataacggcggttaaggttgtagatgatgaaaagagacaaatttttgtatcgttggtaaatgaaatcatatgggaaaaggaaacggaccaggtaagtgtcaaattttcaccaaaactgatgccttatctgatagttacaagccattttttgaaatattcggctgatatattaccggaatttaagtcaaaatatggtctgatattgtttgaatcgctttattcacgagcaatgcaatacggttacaagacgtttgtgattccagttcaagaattacgctggctgactgggacaacagatagccataaacactttgaaaggttttattcgcaagtaattcagactgcaatagatgacataaacaaatcaaatacgcctattttggtcagttctgataaagtgaaagagggtaggaaagtgatgtatatcaagttcaatgtaagaaaaagaacgtcatgtactgaaacagaatacaacgagatcgttagaccagagtggttatag
>gene_31070|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaaatcgacaaagcccggttctggacgggggttctctacccagagaacatgaagccagactggaaagaggtcataggcgatacgctgcagtatccctatgcgtactgcgagcacagcgcagacatggatacgaagtcagagcaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcgtggcgtttccgaacaccacaactcggactcacgccttgaacgtcatggatcaactctctgcagaaggcaagagagcgatcaatacgtgccaggccatcatcggcatccgcaacgtatatgactacctgatccatgacaccgaggactgcaggaagaaaggcaaggagctgtacccgaaggagagccggatcaccggtaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgggtaccgccgagaaaaacgagatgttcctggagatgggcgaggccatccgggagtatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagtatgtagttgatacatacgaagacatgaattacatcgaagtcatgcgcagctacagcagccacttcgagcggttgaccaggggcaattatcagaagtgggagcagggccaacgtggacttagaccacgtccgtcacgagaccaagtccacgaaaagtccacggaaaagtccacggaagaagtcccggtttgctgccctgattgtgggtcaattgatgtcgtaaagagg
>gene_14203|Rep50
atgaaaaacaaaaaatcaagcacagggttaggacggacacgcaactggacatttatcatctatccaacggaaggaaatccttcagcgccagagaattggcgtgaaattctggatgaagagcacttacgttggattgagagtccattacacgataaagacataacagcgacaggagagccaaagaaagcgcatatacatatactcgttttatacgatggagtaaaatcatacgaacaagtaaaagaattagcggacaagcttaatgcacctatacccaaaaaagtaaataatacaaaagcattagtgcgttatatggcgcacttagacgacgcaaataaagcgcaatacgataaaaacgaaataataggacacgggggagtagacgtatcagaatacatattaacgcgttcggaagaaaaagaaaacagatacaaaacaataaaagaaatactaacttttgctgaagaacacgacatagtagaactaacagacatagtcagcgtggcaatagaacaaaacgaagaatggtataaagcattatgtgataatagctgctatatagtaaacgaagtgcttcgttcacgtagacatagaacaaacaggagaacagctgtaaaatatgaccctgagacaaatacattgacacgatatgacaaagaaacaggggaaattctaacggcagaagaagcggatcccataccgctaacaaatacaagatattaa
>gene_22175|replication protein RepB
atgactagcaaaaactcaattgaacaagtagaagaaaaagcggaagaacaaacagaagaaaccaagcaagtaaagccaaaaggacgatacttcacatttttattatatccagaaagtatacctgaagattgggaattacaactcgaaatgctgggtgtgccaatagcgattagtccacttcatgacaaagataaaagtaatgttgaaggacaagagtttaaaaaagcacattatcacgtaatttacgttgctaaaaatccagtaacagttgagagtgtaagattaaaaatcaagcgtgcattaggaaatcagagtgtagcgaaagttaaatttattgttcatagcgtagagaatgtgtatctgtatttaacgcatgaatcaaaagacgctatagcaaaaaataaacataaatacgacaagaaggacattaaggaattgaacaattttgatttggatcgttacatcacattagacgttgaagataaagatgatttgctaaatgaagtatgtgacatgattgatgaccataacttagcaaacataagagagttaagacggtttgtaagaaagcatggggaagaatataacttaccgagtatgaagattattaattcagttttgagagcacatacaggattgctaagattatactttgacggagtatatcaagagcgaaaatatgggcgaactgatttcgatgaagagacaggcgaaatcaaatga
>gene_15280|Rep protein
attaaaagtagagcagacaacaaagctcaagtttctcaaagtttgaaacgtttacgcgattatattaatacgaatgtagttgatgtaaataaatgcaaatggattacattaacttataaagaaaatatgaccgacactaaaaaattatataaagactttgaaaaatttataaaaaaattaaagtacaaatatggaaatgttgaatacatagttgcatgtgagcctcaagctcgtggtgcttggcatttacattgtattattatctttgatgttgtagctccattcattcccaatagtgaaatttctaaactttggaaacaaggtttcactaagacgagtaaattagatgacattgataatattggtgcttatttaactgcttatttaggtgatatggaatttgatgaatttaaaaaatgtgatgttgattttgatactatcacaataaaagaagttgaccatattgaaaacataaaacttgataaacctaaaaagtttgttaagggtggtagattacatatgtatccacctaaatttaatttatatagagtttcaagaggaattaagaaacctacaaaagaatatatgagttataaaaaagcaaaagaaaaagttggctctgcgaaaccaacttttacaagttctttaatgttaactgacattgataataatttttcaaatatcgttatctatgaaagttataacaaaaaaagaattacttaa
>gene_30274|Replication initiator protein Rep
atgcagcaagccctgtcctatatgagagatggcggtacgccattgctggcggctctccttaccgtcacgcaaaagaacgtgcctccggaagccttagagaacgagatcacctccatgctggccgcgtggaaggccgtttccaaacggcgtaatttcagtcgctgggtagctggttatggccgttcactggaagtcacttataatcccaacagtaaaaccttccacccccatatccatgtgattcttttctttaagccgggctataaagagaagggctttattccctgggaagaatggcgcgatatgtggaaagaagccatgggtttagattatgcccccagcgtagatattcgctgggcctatgataaggtcacgggcgaagccgccgaaagctgggagcaggtcgcggcggctgcggtggaaaccttcaagtattccttgaagcccggcgccgccctcaaaacatcggatgaaggtttgtattaccttgccatggccttgaagggtcggcgcctggtcagctatgcgggctcccttcgtgccgcccgcgctgccctcaatatcaaagattcagacgaaccccgcgaaatggaagaaaccaccctcttatgttcagagtgcggctgcacagaactggacgtggccgcccttgcatgggcagtcaagccgggagcctatgttctccataagcccagcgaacacacgttttacccgggtggatga
>gene_42202|Site-specific recombinase (Fragment)
gtgggaagcacccatacggtaaaaatctcccgtaacgactggatcgtcgttcccgatcagcatgaagccatcgtttcaaaaacgctttttgatgcggcgcaggcttgtatgcgggagtatcgggaatatgaggcagcgactgccagcggcaatccactgaaacgcaaggtgtactgcggagtgtgcggttatgctatggtgcgggacaatcgcaagaacggtgcttattcctgcggaacaaaaaagctgaataccggctttgactgttcggatgagaaaataccggaagccgatattctggacgctgtgatcgacatgatacaggtctatgcgcagtatgcggtcagcatagaccggcttctgaaaacgaaacagaaccagagacagcttgaccgaaaacaagcgcagagacagttacaggtgcttcaaagcaaaaaaacgcagctcgataaacggctgcaagacctttatgaaggactggtggagggagaactttcccgcgaaagctttgcggcgcagaagaaaagcctgacggaacaatccgaagaaatctctcgcacgatctctgagttggagagaaaagccagtgctgatgatgacagcagcaatgctgtggtcgagcagttcaaaagctacgccggaattaccgctctgaccaaggaaatctccaacgagctattaaagtccgtaaccatctatccggatggatacatggatggctga
>gene_38271|DNA replication protein
atgcaagacaaaatcaaacaagatctcatgtccctgcatctgtcaggcatggcagactgctgggaaaatgtcctcgaaacgagaagacaccaggatgtaactttgaacgaaggacttcagcttctaatccaggctgaaatcgat
>gene_15134|Replication protein
atgtgcaatactctgcccttgatagaggatttcgacgaacagcacacggccttttggactgttacagtccgaaattgctcgattgattcgctcaaatacaccataaagcagatgaatgaggcgtggcacagagtgctgagccggaaaaccttcaaagagcacgtatccggttgggcccgttcgttggaggtaacgtggaacagagatacaaacaccttccacccgcatttccatatcatagttatgaccgacggcgcactttctgagggagaatttcaacagaagttgcgcaaagaatggggagaaagcctccgcgtgagctatgatccgatcacagactttcgatatatcaaagctcgcgactgcagtcttgataatgattcattttatcaagctatcgcggaaacttataaatatacgatcaagtcaaaatcgttgctcgaaatgccattaccgacttttcgggcgtatgtaaatggtatggcgggcgtgagggttgcttcttatggcggtaagatcaaagaagcgagaaagatgttgggctataatgatgatgaaaacgaagaggaagtatcgcggatcaaatgcgactgcggtgcggatctacgggtggcactcttgcaatggtcacttgaccaaggacaatacacactcgtcaaagaggctgtacgcgtacagtcaccggaggtctataaagatgcctttgacccgtgctttgcataa
>gene_55934|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggcagaatcaaggcgtaaagtctgggaggttcagacgcagttatatgatacgtacggacagccttatattgatacggatgtgtttctgaagaaccttgaaaatctcttcaaggcagggacgataaagaactatgcgtatatccttcataacaaggataagtacacgcaggaggacgaagagaaggcgagagcggagattgacgcaggctcgaagcgtaaacctatcaaggcaggtgaagacaagccagagcatattcatgctccgatacagtttaaggatgcgaagagcatgacggcagcagcgaagattctgggagtcacagatgccatgatggtatatgtgagggagaatgagagcggagagcttgagaccttcgatgataagtgtgcttatctctgccatgagagacagccagataagacgccgtatgattatagtgagattatctgcacgttcaattatgcggatctaatggcacggtatgccgtccgcatgaagagaaagggcaagaataagcgttctcgtgctttccgtgatgagcatgtcaatgccattgcatcgggagaggagacagtagcaggatttatcaagacgttcggctactctgcctatgaggaaggcaagagacactatgacaatgcggagcagtattatttgaggaagctgtatcctggggaaggtttgagactgacaatcttgataacaggtccttcgacggtaggaaagacaccgcttgcaaagttttatgcttgttccatcttcaaggatataactaatccgagagaggtgtatttttctacgggagatgcaggagcaacgcttcaagggtatgcaggacagcctgtcatcatttgggatgattacagggcgattgattttatcaagacgttcaatcgaaatgttctgttcaatagcctttttgccgtacatccagaccctacggattttaatatcaagtacggcacaacggtgctccgtcatactctgaatatcatcacctgcattgatgatgtagatacgtttgcgagagagctggcgggcgagtatacggataaatttggtaatctccataagtcggaagagaagcagattttgcaggcgtataaacgtatctgggggctctcagaggtcacagaggacgagattgtatttctggttaatcaagggtattacaacggagataatgccttatacaggcagtatgaagcatgtgcaagagtgcagaatggcactcgtgcgttagcggagagatatgctcctgcgttgtatggtcatattggcacgaagatgattccagaggttaaacagaaatatgatgaacaggtagagagggagacggggaagatttcgaatattgaagaatttgaccctgccgatatacctgcacgtctgccattagatggaagtgccgaagggtga
>gene_51869|Rep protein
atggcttattataacataacgataaacgctgagcaagtgtccctcaacttctccgcgtcggatcctgaaaaaaattcaggaaccgccggcgtgagtatcgggtcacttgcagaagcagagattcgaaatttgcttcgtgaaaaatataccccctataaaatcacaaatctacgattggcagatgcttatcagctaaccaatctcgaccaccgctccaacaaagccgtacgcctcgcaacgtgcgctcggtggttggaatttgccctccctcccctaggtgatgataagcggtataaactggtgaaaacgtcctcttgtcatgtgcgcctctgccctatctgccagtggcgcaggtcccttaatacgttcaggaacctagcccaagtttatgataggctcaaccatggccataagcacatattcctaacactgacgctccccaacgtcagcgcggaggaactatctgcagaattgacccgatattctgcaggtttcgtgaagatgctccgcaggaaaccttttgcagacgtcataaaaggttacacccgggccctggaaatcacgtacaaccccgaacgaagggattatcaccctcacctacacgctattttatcagttcccttgtcgtatgggaagaaacaatacatatcacaaaaaaaattcctgcaggaatgggaagatataaacggctggataccggaagaacacctgaatagtagg
>gene_7455|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain
gaatataatttaattggatatgtagatgcaattacttacggtaaatacaaaaataggatattggcagcattagagtggtataggtggaaaattatgacagacaaagacagaaatattaaggtaattatgattagcggtgatactggagttggtaaaactacatatgcaaagcaatactgtaagaatttaggcaaatcattctgcattagttcatcaagtaatgaccctatgcaagattacaagggtgaagatgtattgattatggacgatataagagatgatgcgttcaaattccatgattttctgaagttattggataaccatacaaagagtactactgcatcacgttatagcaataaggcatttattggagatactatcatactaacctcatcaaaaaatatcgatgattggtatcaaggtgtaaatgaacacgatattaaacagttgcatagacgtataacattattgtttgaaatgacagaacagacaattaaaattagtgagtttaatgataacgatatggaatatcacgtgttagcgactactccgaacattttcaaattaactcaaaagaaagtcaaagaggataatctgaagataattgagggtttcggtatagagttatcacctgaagttaaagagcattatatgaactataataaagcatcagatgataaaactatgttggatatgataaacgatgaagaactgccgttttga
>gene_15828|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atgaaactggactatgagccacaagtggacgtgagagctatcaagaacaccacggcaaaagccgtggcggaagttgcaaagtatcctgttaaggttgacggacttctgaaagtgaaggataaggagaaagcagcgcaagcgctgatccagctcaagcatggcatacataactgccgatttattacctttggcggagattttagagagtataaacgccggctggcgctcgatgacatagaaaccggtgacctggtgcacgttgagacagacaaacaagaactgaatgccgtggccatggtgctgttcaagtatcgtgctgatgtgggtgcatatatttgctaa
>gene_19716|Protein rep
tgtggttggcgacgttctctgaagttattttcacaggtgtcgagaatatctgatgctattcttgcggagaagaaagcacggtttatattcgtcactttaacagtggagaatgtgaagggcgaaaatttgcgggagaccatcagacaaatgaacgagggattcaaggcactggtgcagaacagcaaacactatcttgcatcagcaacgttgcgggagaatctcatgggctacatgaaagctattgaggtaacctacaacgccagacgaaacgacttccacccgcatatacactgcatttttgaacttgcaccaaagtattttaggggcaaggaaagtggctatcttactcatgaggactggcgggaaatgtggcggagcttgatgaagctggattatgaaccgcaagtgaacgtgaaagccatcaagaacaccacggcaaaagccgtggcggaggttgcaaagtatcctgtcaaggttgatgggcttttgaaggtgaagaacaaagagagagcagcgcaagcgctgatccagctcaaacacggtatacacaactgccgatttatcaccttcggcggggattttcgagaatataaacgccggttggcactcgatgacgtggagactggcgacctggtacacgttgagacagacaaacaggaactaaatgcagtggcaatggtactgttcaagtatcgtgctgatgttggggcttatatctgttag
>gene_55371|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagcgacatagtattaactcaaccaaaaggaaattacacaaaagaacaatcaaaacaattttttgaaacttcttataaattccttgcggaaagatacggcaaggaaaatgtaataagtgcgtgggttcatttagatgagattgatgctcaaccgcaccttcatttatgtattttacctataaacaaagaaactaatagatgctcggcaaggggagtatttccaaaggaagaactccaaaaggttcatatagaactccaaaagtatctagatgagaacctagattttgaagttcctatactaaatggagcaacagcgggcggaaataaaacaatacaacaattaaaggcagaaaccaacgaaaagcaaatacaagaactaacagaaaagatacaacaacagaaacaaatatatagctttttaaaaaagcaagtagaagaactaaaggacgagaacctaaaagaagaaagtcgaaacagagcaataaaacaagtatataacgatgtaaaagaccgcctaacactagaaaaagagaacaaagaactcaaagaaaagttaaaaaatacagtttctagagatgaatataatgagcttgttaaggagtataatgaaatagtaaaactaggacaagcttttgaaaagtatataaaaaatagaaatttggaacaagatttctataaatactataatacaaaacttgaaacagaaaaggacagataa
>gene_38166|DNA replication protein
atggatacaatatcaaactccttccacaccctgcacatgcctggcatggcatcatgctggaaaacgctcaacgaaacacaccagatagacaaactctccttccaggacggcctcgaactgctgctgcagagcgagctggacagccgtcgcaacaacagaatcgacagactgatacgcaatgccaacttcaagcaacaagccagcctggaggaactcgaagccagcgatgctcgcggcatccccgccggagccatcacccagctggccaccggagagtatctgaaaaatggcgcgacaatcgtcataagcgggccgacaggtaccggcaagtcgttccttgcctgcgctcttggcgagcgtgcttgcaggctaggatacaaagtcaggtactacactgtcagcaggctgatggacgagctcaaactcgccaggctcgagggtcacgaactcaagttctttgaaaagatcgagcatctggacctgctcatcatagatgacttcggaatgaaacgtctcgaaggccagcagcagaacgacttcgagcagatcatcgatgacaggtatcacagaaaatcgctgatattgtccagccagttggctgtcgccgactggtacggcgtcttcagcaatgagatgcttgcagaggcttgcctggacagaatagtacacaaatctctccgcttcgagctgaaaggagatagcatgagaaagaaatattga
>gene_39174|Replication protein RepB
atgacaagtcaaaaggaatgggaacagtcacaaaaagtaattgggttcgatattacgctttacgaggacgaatttactattgcggaacatatcgcaaaattaaaaactttgggtattccgttcgttgtatcaccaaagcatgataaagacttgaaagaggatggaacgcctaaaaaggctcattatcacgctttactgatttacaagagtgctattcggttatttaccgttcgtaataatatagaatacctattgcaaggcaaggaggcatacagccgcaatttggtatatcctattcaaaatccgtatacatacgttgaatatctttaccactcacaagagttaaatataggtgataaagcgctatataatttcgatgaaatgcagttctataattgcacatatgaggatatcaaagcaaagacgaaaagtgtagaaagtggtgaaaatttagatatgaaaattataacgtatatcatggaaagcacggcgaaaacattcacagagttggttattgaattggtacagaatgaggaaactgaattattgcaatactgccgcaaaaattcatattacattaataccataatgaaagaattagctcagcgacagtcggacaacgagcaaactgaaaagattatgaagcatgatgcatatcttgccgaacggcaagcgcgcatagagaaagcaaaaacaattaaaaaggagaaagtgaaatag
>gene_50225|Replication protein
atgatgcttgcagcggagcacgcaggatactggaaaggcagtcttatagccatgttgacgctgacagtccgcaactgtgcgccgacagacttaaaacagacattacaagcgatgactcgggcgtttaagcggttgcagcagcgcaaattctggaaagaaaacattatgggatatgcacggcatttagagattacatacaacgctgaaacaaataccatgcatccacactatcatattttgctcgtattagccccagacgcgaacaaattaggcgtaatagggtctacggttgctactgactggaaagatgccctacgcgtcgattatgcgccgatttacgatattcgatatgcctacacgagcagaaatattactatcaaggacaaaaacggagaaataattgccgacagggacaatttagcattgatttcggcgttcagccaagcaagcaagtatatgtgtaagccgtccaatattcttgacatatccgacgagggcgatttatcagcagttatagcagccgtatctggtgcccgtaccgctgcatatggcggttgcataaaagaagcacgtgcagcggtcaatctcgatggttgcgatgaattagacgattcaaccgaaattgaattaaaatgctgtgataaagatatgttaatcgcgacggcgcattgggcgcttggcgaatggataaacgacataaccgaagaagtagccttttag
>gene_6740|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgtgtatttatggatattgtcgtattagtagacgtagtcaaagaattgaacgtcaagaaagaaatatattaaatgcttatccatcagcatatattattaaagaggtttatacaggtacaaagatacacggtagaaaagaacttgataaacttctaaagttagttaaggaaaatgatactattgtatttgattctgcaagtaggatgagtagaaatcaagatgaagcgattgaattatatgaggatttatttaataagaatgttaatcttatatttcttaaagaaccacacattaatacagatacattcaaaagagcattaaataatcaaatcaagataaatcttaataccggcaatgatgcaacagatacttttataaatggtataattgatgcacttaatagatatacaattgacctcgctaaagaacaaattaaacttgttttcgcgcaagcacagaaagaagttgatgatttacatcaaagaactgttgagggtattataactgcaagattagaaggtaagcaaatcggacagagaaaaggcgcgaagttgacaacaaagaaaagtaaagttgccaaagagataataagaaagcatagtaaagattttggtggtacattaaatgatttagatgttataaaacttactggagttagcaggaatacttattacaagtataaacgagaactccaggaagaaattgcgaaatctttataa
>gene_22066|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgggttacggaattttacgcggtcaaaaaatcaagactggtggtgtggccggaattgacattcataaccacagaaaacgcccgtcaaggagcaaccccgacatcgacagaaagaagaccgctgagaattattctcttttagacgagggggataaaaagctaacggaacgagtagctgcaaggtgtaaggagctttctgggggaaagaagatccggtcggacgctgtcaagatgtacgatttcatcgcgacggcgtcaccggaagatatggccaaattaactaatacgcaacaaaagcagtatttcgtagatacgagggattttcttattaggaaattcgggggcaaaaatttgatgtatggcgtggttcacatggacgaagcgacgcctcatgctcacttcggtatcgtgccggaatacgaagggagactatgcgcgaagaagcttttcacgcctaaaagtctccgaaagctgcaagatgactactatcgcgaggtgttgagtaagtatggactacaacggggcgaggtagacagcaagcggaaacacgtttcgaccgatgaattaaagggtaggacgaactataacggcaaagaaaaagagaatctggatcagcttgagaaggtcataaaagagaagccggtcacggaaggaatctttcaaaaagaggtggtcgggtatcagataagccccgcagccgctgatgaactcattcggcttgcaagagtaggaggccaggccgccgaggaacatgatcgagctgatgaagcggaaaaaaagttgcaaatcgctaagaaaaacgaacaagaagctttcaaagaagcggcaagggttcagcttgattatgacacattgaaaaccgaacacgacgagctccgcagcgattaccagaaacttcagaaggagacggaagtttttcgagaagctccggatcaagtcaagaagtcagtaatcgaagcagcgaaaaatcatgagctgcggagagacgccttacacgcttttgtcggtagatcagtaaaatcattcgggttaaagaaagcggctgagaatcccgccgttaaaggcgtttgcaggattcttggaaagaatggagaagcccgtgagggatttatgaaagactgcgcgaagcttgtcagcactggaaaaggaaaagataaaggtgtctggtctgcacttcctgcgcctgctaaagttgcagccatgcctttacaactcataaaaggcgtggttgaaaaagctatgagcgcagcaaaaagcgcaataaatacggctgtgggtgcaggtgctgcggaagaaataacggctgggttcaggtatttagcggaacacagcgacatagccaaaagcccatgggagaatttaacggaaatggcaaaggacgaaatcaaggcaaaaacgcgctatattgacgattactaa
>gene_4050|recombinase, partial
atgcaaagcatactcgaccagatcactgaatggctgaaggaaatgcttatcagcggcattatgggaaatctgtcggggatgtttgactcggtcaaccagcaggttggcgagattgcgggcgatgtgggaatgaccccggcgagcttttcgccggcggtcttttccctgatccgaaacatctccgagtcagtgatcgttgccggactgttaaaatgcggcgagtgtgggaagtcgctgacggtacgctacacaaacgctaaacatccccagcggatttactcctgcaagacctacaatgcctttggaaagaaccactgcacccagcaccggattgattatgacaccctttacagccatgtgctgcggaaaatccgggaatgtgccagagctgccctgatggacggggaagcggttgccgaccgcctgaccaatacctgtgaagccgagcagcgggaacagcgggaagcaatggaacgctcccttacaagggacgaggaacggattgaggttctggacaaaatggtcatgcggctttatgaggatatgattgcagggcgtatcagtgagcagaatttcaacaccatgctggaaaagacacagaccgagcagacggagcttaaaacaaaagtgtccgagggcagaaagcggctgtccgatgaagtccagcttgccaatgatgcaaaacaatgggtggaagccattcaggaatacgccaac
>gene_4062|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcagacaactacaacgatacatcacaatactggatatgtggcacttgaccacatagacagagaagaagagctttgttcgcacgaagaccacattgatttgtatgcagaaaaaaatcctaattcgtatcacgaaacttggaaatctgtcacgctcgaagatgcttacaatgatatattcggagaagctatcgaagaatataacgcaaagcagacaagagcagacagaaagatgacagttgacaagtatatcaagagcgttgaagatgatacacgtggtaaaaggcagaccgtgaaaaagaacggtaaaagggttgtgaatgaagagagcagacagggcaagcaaacagtatatgaaataactgcaacagtaggcaacgttacaaagaaacgtgatgcacgtgacagggtgatgtatgatgaaaacaatcaccatatcagagaagaagaactccccgaaaaactttgcaaaaacgtgttgcagagatatgcagaatcatttcaagagcgtaacccgaattttataatcgtcaaggcaaattatcacgctgatgaaggtttttacaatcaacgtggtgtatgggaacaaagcacatcacatttacacattgcttatgttcctattgctcacggatttaaacagggtttatccgttcaaaacagtatgaacaaggctatgaaagaaatgggtttcgatgatagcaaatgctatgagaaatgggcgaagcgtgaaaaagaaattcttgataatatgttgtatgaagagtatgaaaagtattgcaaggaacatcctgatttctatgcagacaaaggcgatttgactattcatacacctgttgcagacaagacaagagagggcaacaaaacgaaagaacagtatcaggcagaacaggaactctccgaagcaatagctgaagctgaattcggtatcagatgcacacagaataaaagccgtgaactcgttcagaaagaaaaagaactcaaagctcgtgaagctgaccttgaccgcaaggaacagcaacagataaaacggggacagggtttaaatgcgtgggaacaggagctcacagcaaaggcaaagaaacaggaagaagaggaacgggaatttcaagctcaacaggataagtttgaagagcagaagagattacaggcagaacaggcacaaagggaactggcacaatcgaagaaagaactgaatgaacattttcaagagatagtgtcggatgttgtcgattctctttcctcttcgtttgatgatattacagcacaggctgtgaagcattataaaggcgaattttgcaagaaagttgcaaagcatacagcccttgataattatacaaaatatggcggtatatttgatgtagagggctacgaaaaatctataaagaaaggcatagacagagggctcggagataattaa
>gene_2854|Rep50
ttgaacggaggtttttttgtggcaaaaaatactaagacaaaacaacgtttgtatgattcaaaacgtgccggttcaagaacacgtaattggactgtgatattttatccggacgatcttccggaaaattggaaagagcaggtcgattctttaagaatacgctggatcgaatcgcccttacacgacaacgattataacccgaatggcgaacctaaaaaaccacattatcatactttgtttatttttgaagctgttaaaaatttcaatcaggtgcatcagatattttctgatttattcggagaaacagaaaatggtagcataatcggagtagcccctcctgaaaaagtaagtgatcgtgggtcgattgttcgttattttgctcacttagacaatcctgaaaaagcgcagtatgatgtagcggatataataggtcataatggagcagatccggctgagttacttcgttattcagcgacagaaacaagggaaatgattgttgctatggaagaatttatcgaagaaaacggcgttaccgaactagctgatttttcaaaaatgataagatacgatcatccggaatggcatacgctattagctactaaaatgacagtatattttaacgcgtttattcgttcgtgccggcataaagccgaacgcggttatcttcgttatcagcatgagccaaaggtagaccctgaaacgggcgaaaaattgacagattaa
>gene_56653|Replication protein
atgtttaaacaatatttaaataaagagcgcacgaccaaacttgataaagcaaatttctgtaaatcccccttgtgtccgctctgctcttggcgcagagctttgaagtattctgttttgactaatgatgcaattaaacatacacactcattattatatcatttagttttggccgtaccgaacacgccaacgatttctaaaagcgaattgtgcaatttaaagtcaaaagcggtatattttttaaaatataacatgggagttacttcgtatatctcaaatcttgaaattacaaagagcgacatgggatttcaccctcacttacatattgtttttgaaagttctcagtttattgaagttacggccgaatatataaaacgcatggcgcgactttggaaaaattgttataacaagcacgatgcgcgatatgatacatatactttctttttgcaaggtgtaaaacgttccgacgacggtttatcacgcgagctaacaaaatacgttttaaaagccgaaacaaaaattaattatgatgatatcagtgttattgcgtgtgctattcatggagttagacgtatgtcggccggtggaaatttaaaaaaattactttcacaagctaagtcaaattataatgatgctgtttttgccgaacaacatctacttgacgaatttgattatgaatatttgattttcaattatattaacggccattatattcaacattga
>gene_58045|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gccccctgcaagggcaaggtacccaatccgcgaagcggttggtgtaacttgctccaccagttgaccgatggtgtttcacgtgctacactggagtgtagcaaagagcgccatgggagactggcggaagggagtgtaatcatgcatgtaacgaaatacacgagaggaacgcttggacatatgctcgggcattatgacaggacaaaagatggactgggagaaaatgtggttccagaacgtacacagttgaactataatcttgcggttgatgatcagccgttaaagcagcttgattttgtgcataaacggttaggggaagtgcgatgtctgaagcggaaggatgttaatgtattgtgcgactgggtggtgacgatgcctaaagatcttgctgatgaatacagggagccgtttttcaaggcagcttacaattttttcgcggaaaagtatgggcatgataatgtagtgtccgcgtatgtccatatggacgagatgcagccgcatatgcatttcgcattcgttccggttgtcgctgatcggaagcgtgacggatggaaattatcagcaaaagaagcgataacaagagttgacttacagcatatccatgagcagatgcagacacagctgacgcaggaacttggtgtgccggtgaatctgctgaatgaggcgacaatagagggaaatcggtcaattaaggaactgaaaaggggtacagctgttgaggctgtaaataaattaaaaagtgaacaaatggaaattgcgcaggatatcacatacttggaagatagacaaaaagcagttgcggaccgttatgaagcggataccttccgccttggagttttaaatggcgaatacacggatggtactgatgatttgccagagtatgcccagataagccgtctgagtcgtcagaaggtcgttttgccgttagatgcctaccagagagaacagagagccttaaaagcagccagaacaggtgaacaggcggctacggcagccttagaaagtcttatgcagagcatcacagtgcaacatattgatgagctggaagagaagaacaaagaacagcggaaacaaattaaaaagttaacagaacaattaaatgaattggaaagatggaaagaatgggatgaaacaaaaatagctgttagacagcagattatagatggagtaaatgcaacgtatcgaaaattgagccgagaagctgccagagagttcgtaaagatctgggggcaggaagtgcatgatgaactacctcttgttgtatggtatcagacaaagccgtcacgggacgtcatagaaggacgtagaaagtctttggatgaaatgcagaaggaagtgaatcagtttcttgaaaaatggcatagaaagccacacaaagccgttgagaaggactgggatcgtggcgatgatctggaactataa
>gene_56010|Putative replication protein
atggctaaaaacagcaaagaaaagcagaaggagtacgatgcaaagcgtgctggtgttcgtactcggaactgggcagtgatattttatccggaggatttgcctgaagattggaaagaacgaatggacgaaaagcttttcaagtggattgaggggccattgcacgacaaagacttgaacgcagatggcttacccaaaaagcctcatgtgcatacgcttctgctgtttgattccatcaaaacggcagaacaggtttctcagatgctcaaaagcattttcggagagtctgaggcgggttcgattgttggagtggctgcacctcagcaagcttccgacagaagtgctgttgttcgttacatggcgcatatggataatccggacaaggtgcagtatgatgtcaatgacatcgtaggccacaatggcgcggatccagcggagatactccgctattccgcgacagagactatccagatgatgattgcgatggaagaatttatcgagcaaaataacatcacggagctcgccgatttttccagagctattcggtacgaccgcccagagtggtataccattctggcgacaaaacaaaccagatatttcgattcgttcattcagtcttgccgacatcggccgcgcggacaagctgtcattgtgaaggacggcttggtaacagatgctgaaacaggcgaaatccttggagaggagactcagcatgacgattaa
>gene_30422|DNA translocase SftA
atgattctgcagctaggttttcaatacttctggggaaacttcgtgccgttttctcatcgcatcgagcacggctgcgctcatgctttaattaccggaatgtccggcagcggaaaatccgttgcatgtttatattggctcaacagtataatcaacgaagtcgagctttatatttgtgattttaaggcttctggagacttcattggtataactgaacagtatgcagaaggaaagctttgtttagagcttctagagcgtttctacgcagattttcaagctattaaagatgagaaccaatccagacgaatcttgctactctttgacgagtacgctgctttctgctcttggttagaacattcagacaaggcagcattaaagagagttcaaggttatatttctgaaattctcatgcttggtcgcgctttgccaggtggtggttctgcctggctttggtgcagcctgcaaagacctgattcagaatactttcctaaaggcagtcgtcttaacttccatctccgtatatgcatggggtctgtaagtcgagaaactaaaacgatgatgttcccagacgaagaacttccggagaattatattcacagacaaggtagcggtctgattgctcgcgatggctttaccctacaacagtttaccgttccaagggtgaacaaggaaaagctattacagacccttcaagaaaaagcagcgagcgaacgccgggcgtag
>gene_40407|Conjugal transfer coupling protein TraG
ttgaagcccgaagtgaaacgggttctgatcctcagtgtcccgtatgttatcgtctggtatttcgtcgataagatcagctggctatatcggatagtaccgggagaaatggcagcctataaaatcggcaatgtgtttatggatttcaataaggcatttgccaatccactcccgagcctccaccctatcgacatccttgtaggcattgttggagcgctgcttgtaaggtttattatctggtatcgcgcccagaatgctaaaaagtttcgccagggtgttgaatacggttctgcccgttggggtacaccgcaggacatcaagccttatgtcgatgacgatccggacaacaatgttatcctcacccagacagaacgtcttaccatgtcgagccgtccaaagcagccgaagtatgccaggaacaagaacattctggttatcggcggttcaggctccggtaagacacgatttttcgttaagcccaatctcatgcagatgcattcctcatattgcgttacggatccgaaaggaacgattctggtggaatgcggacatatgctccgcaagcatggctatgagatcaaggtgctgaacacgataaattttaagaagtcgcatcactacaatccttttatgtacatccgttcagagaaggatattctgaagctggtgaacaccataatcgccaacaccaagggcgaaggtgacaagtccggcgaagac
>gene_55421|Plasmid replication protein
atggctaaaggcgacaaggcacgctactgggtaggagttctttacccagagaatatgcgtccagactggcaaacagaaatcggggacattgtgcagctcccctatgcgtactgcatccattgcagggatgtagacagcaaaagcgaacatcgtaaagaccacgtacatctgattttggtgtttcccaacactaccaccgagagctttgcgcagaagacttttaatcttctgtcagcagatggtaaaaaggcacttaataaaattcagtccgttataagcatccgtggtatgtatgactacctcatccacgacacggagacctgcagaaagaacggaaaagagcagtatcatccgtcagagcgtattactggcaacagctttgatatcggtgcttatgagcagttgggtgttgcagaaaaaaatgatatctgcaaggagctctgtaccgctatcgtcaatgagaagtttaccaactttgcagacttctacatctatgtgttggagaagtatgacgactacaattacttcgatatcttgaagacttacagcggtctttttgagcggctgacaaaggcaaactaccaaaaacgggttgatactggttgctctggttgctgtcctcactgtgggtcaatagatgttaaaaagaacggaaaaacctcaaaaggactgcaaaagtgggtttgtaatgactgtaaaggttcgtatgttggttag
>gene_1125|Mobilization protein
atgaaacttagttacagttttcatttaagcaacaaggggcattcgatttcaaccaaacaaaaattgatgcaggtctccaagcacaacgaacgaagttataaatcagccgattatgacgaaagcaaggttattcgtattgtgggtacaaaaaatatcttgaaagacgttgaaaacgtgtatcagagagaatttgacgaagcgttagaaaagtataaccaaggcaaaaaaccaagtcgccaaataaatgattacttagagcacgttagcaacagtaggacggacgttgcgtgtgaaatcataatacaaatcggagataaagatttttgggaagataagtcgctttctcaaaaaaggcaaagtatggattacatttttcaagatcagctccgagcattgcagaagctggtaccagatttcaaagtcgcaaatgcaacaattcactatgacgaaagctctccacatttacacgtcgtaggtgtacctgtggcagatgattataaaaaaggcatggaaaagcaagtggcgaaaacaaaggtttttactaaagacaagctccatttcttgcaaaaagaaatgcacacgtacgcagaaaaaggcttagaacttaatcgagaagtatttgaaaacgtggaaattaaagagctcacacaaggcagaaatcacgacttaccaaaatgggcatacgcacagttaaacaatcgagagaaaaagctgaataaaatcaatgatgcgttaaacaatagaaccttaaaagttgtcagacgtgaaagagagtgttataagcgtgaaagagagcttgattttggctttgaaaacctacaaaggcaaaaacgtacccttgagaaagaaaaaaccgaatttgaagaaattaagacgcattacgacgatttgcaaaaaagcatcaaagatgcagaagaaaaactttcaaacttgcaacgacagattgatttagtaaaaggtgaagaaaaaacacttagagaaaacatcaagcaagaaaaaagtatgctcaaacgcattattcagcgaatttcactttttgcgaaaaaacttgaagaattacagtacctaccatccgaaaaggtcttaaatcagcgtttaaaagagttaaatgctgaacgcagaatacatgatagtgatttgttaaaaagagaagaccttgacgataacatggagctgataaaagatagcagaaaacgagataaagtaccttttctacaaaatggagtttggtacgaaacagataaaaagctactcgatacatacgattatcaattggaaatgtatgtacaagcttacgatgaaagacaacctcttaatgagttggagctaaaaagtcttgaacaatatcgagaaatggagcaaatggaacaagagttggaacgctttgaaatcgattatgattatgatgagtattaa
>gene_54683|Plasmid replication protein
atggccaaaaacaccaaacagaagcagcgagagtacgacgctcagagggctggccagcgcacaaggaactggctggcagtcttctacccggaggatctcccggacgactggcgggagaggatggacgagcttggcgtcaggtggatcgagagcccggtacacgaccaggacgtcaatgcagacggaacccccaagaagccccatgtacataccctgtggatcttcgatgcagtgaagcacctggagcaggtctctggcctgttcaagtccgtgttgggagagagcgagagtggcagcatcatcggcgtggcaacgccgcagatgtgcaacgaccgctctcagtcagtgcgctatatggcgcacctggatcacccgaacaaggcccagtatgacgtcagccagattgtgggccacaacggcgctgatccggcagaggtcatgcggtactccgccacggagaccatcaacatgatgatcgccatggaggagtacatcgagcagaacgggattaccgagctgtcggatttctccgctgccatccggtatgactaccctgagtggtacacaattctggcaaccaagaccacgacctacttcagtgcctttatccggtctcgccgccacaaggctgagagtggaacggtgctgtacaagacagagcagatcaaggtcgatgagaacggtgagatcatcgagggcggtgacgtcaatggctaa
>gene_44128|Plasmid recombination protein, Mob family
atgagcaacttttgtttcgtacggctgcagaagtacaagaggaccgaggtgaaccccgtggtgagggaagcgaaccgaaccgctgacaggtacgcgaaccacgtcgatccggagagggcgggcgacaacgtccatctcaggagcacagaggacttcctgagggactccagggagttgatcgaggcgaggggagcgaaggcgaggagcaactccacgtggggcgttgggggcctctacggggcgtctgcggactggtgccgttgggtcggaagggacgaggtcgttcggtacttcgaggactgcgtccgtttccacgaggcccgtttcgggccggtcctgtctgccgtgatccacttcgacgagaccacgccccacctgcaggtcatgagcgtccccttgaccgaagacggacgtctgagcgctaaggacctcgtagggggtccaggagacctcaggaagcaccagacggcgttgtgggaagaggtcggcaggggtcatggactcgcccgtgggaaaaagggttacgccttcgacaaggcggaacacgagtccgctcttgaccaccgtatcaggcagaggaacaagaccttgagggagaccgtggcaagacaggagatggcgaacgccgacttgcgaaagtcggagagggagatgcgacttcgtggggagtgggatcagtacaacgcctggaaagacagggacgggaacgagcgatga
>gene_44783|Plasmid recombination protein, Mob family
atgagcaacttttgtttcgtacggctgcagaagtacaagaggaccgaggtgaaccccgtggtgagggaagcgaaccgaaccgctgacaggtacgcgaaccacgtcgatccggagagggcgggcgacaacgtccatctcaggagcacagaggacttcctgagggactccagggagttgatcgaggcgaggggagcgaaggcgaggagcaactccacgtggggcgttgggggcctctacggggcgtctgcggactggtgccgttgggtcggaagggacgaggtcgttcggtacttcgaggactgcgtccgtttccacgaggcccgtttcgggccggtcctgtctgccgtgatccacttcgacgagaccacgccccacctgcaggtcatgagcgtccccttgaccgaagacggacgtctgagcgctaaggacctcgtagggggtccaggagacctcaggaagcaccagacggcgttgtgggaagaggtcggcaggggtcatggactcgcccgtgggaaaaagggttacgccttcgacaaggcggaacacgagtccgctcttgaccaccgtatcaggcagaggaacaagaccttgagggagaccgtggcaagacaggagatggcgaacgccgacttgcgaaagtcggagagggagatgcgacttcgtggggagtgggatcagtacaacgcctggaaagacagggacgggaacgagcgatga
>gene_55893|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagttttgaaaattttaaactgcccgaaaagggcacacttattgccggcataccatttgacccgagacgtagcggcaataagtttgagtatatcgtttatccagactccgcacctgctgactggagagatatactacgcgagcaaggctatgtatttgccgtgtcgcctttgcacgataaagacatcaccgggcaaggcgaagcaaaaaagccacactatcatgtcttggtagtctggcctaatgcacctacaaaatggcaaacggcttgcaatatctgtgatattgttcactgtccttgctgtatacctattaccaaccttcgccctaaatatgattacctcacacacaagaacgacccaaacaaggcacagtatgacccgcgagagattgagctctttaatggctttagtatctctaactttgaaggcttaacctctgatgaggtcaagcgtatagtaatagagcttactcgtctttgctttagcgagggcatcactgaatatgcagagcttatgcagtttctgcttgacaatgagatgtatgatgcctttgacgtcgcaagcaatcgcactatatacttcaatagcctttgcaagggtatctggagaaaagcagacaagccctctggagctatatcacctaatagctataacccagatactggcgaacttttagaagcactcaagcccagcgatagcaaggaagaggcttaa
>gene_17720|Replication protein
atgatggcagcggcagaagctgccgacttttggcgcggttcccgtattgctatgttaacgctaactatcaaaaattgctctccgatgaagctgcggcagacgctaaacggcatggctctcgcctttaagcgtctgcagcagcgcaagttctggaaagaaaatatcttgggatatgcccgtcatacagaaatcacgtacaacgccgaagcgaatacgatgcacccacattatcacatcatgttggttttggctcccgacgccaataaacttggcgttatcggctcgacaattgctacagactggcgtgatgcgctacgcgtagagtatttacccatttatgatatacgctatgcgtattcatccagaaacattacagtacgcgataagaacggtgaaactattgccgataccgataatattaaattgatttcggcattttcgcaggcgtcaaaatacatggttaaaccgacaaatattttatcaataccagataacaatgatatggctgctgttgtggctgcaatgactggattacaaacagccgcatatggcggctgcgtccgaactgctcgcaaaatggctaccatatccgacgatgataatttggatgccgttgccgtagatttacgctgctgtaatgccgatatgataatcgcgactgctcattgggcattaggcgcatggataaacgatataaccgaagaagtagctttttag
>gene_48705|Replication protein
atgatggcagcggcagaagctgccgacttttggcgcggttcccgtattgctatgttaacgctaactatcaaaaattgctctccgatgaagctgcggcagacgctaaacggcatggctctcgcctttaagcgtctgcagcagcgcaagttctggaaagaaaatatcttgggatatgcccgtcatacagaaatcacgtacaacgccgaagcgaatacgatgcacccacattatcacatcatgttggttttggctcccgacgccaataaacttggcgttatcggctcgacaattgctacagactggcgtgatgcgctacgcgtagagtatttacccatttatgatatacgctatgcgtattcatccagaaacattacagtacgcgataagaacggtgaaactattgccgataccgataatattaaattgatttcggcattttcgcaggcgtcaaaatacatggttaaaccgacaaatattttatcaataccagataacaatgatatggctgctgttgtggctgcaatgactggattacaaacagccgcatatggcggctgcgtccgaactgctcgcaaaatggctaccatatccgacgatgataatttggatgccgttgccgtagatttacgctgctgtaatgccgatatgataatcgcgactgctcattgggcattaggcgcatggataaacgatataaccgaagaagtagctttttag
>gene_4895|replication protein RepB
atgttgagagaatgccttcctatatcacaagatagggaggtttttttaatggcgaaaaaagaagtcaagacagaagcaaatccgttttctgccaatgcaaaaacaaggtattgggttgccgttggatacccggaaaatatggttgatgggtggcaggacaaaatcgatgacgcttaccagcttccgtatgcctactgtgtacacgacaaggataagttagccgatacaggcgaagaagaagaccgcaaggtacatgtacacattatgcttgcatggggtaacacaacaacatacaaacatgctttatctgtattccgtaaacttaatgctcctggcaaggaagcgtttccgacttgtgagccaataatacatgtacgttacatgtacgagtatctgattcacaatactccaaaagcaaagaagaaaaataaatatctttacgatgcaagcgaacgtatctgtggtaacaattttgacattggctcatacgaacagctcagtgaagctgacaagaaaaatatgcgtagggcattgagcagaatgattttggaagaacacatttcaagttatgccgtattgtatcggcaggtacttgaaatgaatgacccggcttacgaagatgtcttgtgcggatacgtttcgcacttccgtgaactttgtcgtgcgatgtatttagagaaacagaaagtcacacactattccactacgacagaatag
>gene_39599|RepB protein
atggcatacaagaaaacacagtccatcaaccccttacaacagcgctcttgtaattggcacatcgttacatatttgccttacgacgaggtgttaaagcgattgcaggacatgtctgaccttaccgcatattcatgtatccttcacgatagtgatgtggatgacgatggtaaacccaaggttgcacatgctcatgttctcatgctctttgctaacgctcggactgggcttgcggttcaacatcggtttgtcggtttcgattcattcggcaaattggcaaacacacgggtaaccaagattgtcgatcgtcaccaagagtttcgatatcttattcatgcagatgaccccttcaagcatcagtatgacgaagatgagcgattcacttttaacgctgatgctttcggtatagattgtgacggcgattcctctgtacttgcccttgaggacattctcaacggcgtacctttgcgtgaggtcgcaaagcgttatggtagggactttatttatcattattcgcaccttcgcactttggtttctgatattcgtgatgaggagaaacgcgaggaagaaaagtatataaaagagtgtttgcgtgaatcttccttatccggtgatttgtatgggagttacgatcttcccgaatatcatgatgacaggtttagcgaacttgttgaggagggtttgattgatgagcatgggaattttctcaaattaccttga
>gene_16061|Putative replication initiation protein
atggtcctcaccccatgccgggaatatgcccctaggaggcccgctgaggccatagacccgcacacgggggagatcgtccgcctacggcgtgaaaagacgccagaggaggtccgggcggcaaaacggaaggccgccaaccggtcacgcacggccctgcgccgcgcgatcctctcgggggagtgggaaaagccccattttctgaccctgacctatcgcgagaacgtaactgattgggaggaggcaaaacgggaccttgaacggttcgccagggcgatgcgggacgcgctcggggtgttccagtatgtcgccgttgcggaggtccagaagcggggggcgtggcactggcatttgctcgtcgtagggcggcaggacgtggatcttatccggcgtttctggccgcacggatacaacagggtcaaaccctgtcgcgggcagctgctcggtttggccggctatctctccaaatacctctccaagaccttcgaagcgctggagcgggagcaggggcgaagcccccatcgtttccgtcactcgcagggccttaccccgtcgctggagacgttcactgtcgccatagacccggctagggcgctggagatgatgcgggacctgttcgccgcgcatggcctgacaggccgcggtgtggtcgagaacgggcaaccgtgggcggtcgattatttcgtctggggctgcacctgggcgaaacctccaccctga
>gene_20434|RepB protein
atgcccattagcgaccctgttaaacggcgggaagcgcaacggcgagctgatgcaaaacgagcggggaaacgtagcagagcctggacggcgattgtctaccctgaatcagctcccgaaaattggatggaggtactcggcgaagagttggtgcaaagcatcgtttcgccgcttcacgataaggacgaagaaccaactggggagaaaaagaaaccccattatcacgtggtaatctccttcagcaatccaacgacatacgaaacggcaaaggaaatattcgagaagattggcgcggtagtgccacctgagaaggaatgccgtgtaaaagattttcggcagatggctcgctatctctgccacttagaccagccgaataaatatcaatacgaaatgtccgaagtggttactttcggagctatcgattacgccgaactagtcatgagcggcgctgaccaggatgcgatagtcgatgagatgttcgacttcatcgacgagcacaaggtgattagcttttcacgattcagccggttcgtgaggaagtcgaaaccagaatggaaaagcgttctctatcacaagtcggcttacataatccgggaatacattcacgcactcgaatgggagctaaagcaatacgggactattgcgggtcaagatgttgaaaccctggcagtgcatatagacgatttgacgggcgagctcttaggcggtgacgacgaatga
>gene_5969|RepB protein
atgcccattagcgaccctgttaaacggcgggaagcgcaacggcgagctgatgcaaaacgagcggggaagcgtagcagagcctggacggctattgtctaccctgaatcagctcccgaaaattggatggaggtactcggcgaagagttggtgcaaagcatcgtttcgccgcttcacgataaggacgaagaaccaactggggagaaaaagaaaccccattatcacgtggtaatctccttcagcaatccaacgacatacgaaacggcaaaggaaatattcgagaagattggcgcggtagtgccacctgagaaggaatgccgtgtaaaagattttcggcagatggctcgctatctctgccacttagaccagccgaataaatatcaatacgaaatgtccgaagtggttactttcggagctatcgattacgccgaactagtcatgagcggcgctgaccaggatgcgatagtcgatgagatgttcgacttcatcgacgagcacaaggtgattagcttttcacgattcagccggttcgtaaggaagtcgaaaccagaatggaaaagcgttctctatcacaagtcggcttacataatccgggaatacattcacgcactcgaatgggagctaaagcaatacgggactattgcaggtcaagatgttgaatccctggcagtgcatatagacgatttgacgggcgagctcttaggcggtgacgacgaatga
>gene_35623|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
gtggttcacggaaacttttgcaagcaaagattatgtgccatttgtgcatggagaaaatcgataaaatgggtagcacagacaaagccagtcctaaacaagataaatcttacaaggcaaaacccaagatatatatttataacaataacgataaaaaatatatatgcaaatgaagtaaacgaagcactaaacaatctaattaaagcttgggataggttctgtaaactcaaagatataaaagaagcatttgatgggatgataaggtcaacagaaattacatacaacgcatataaaaaaacatatcatccgcatatacacgcgctaatactatgcaatgaaaaatatttcaaagaaacttatatatctcaaaaaaaactccaaaaactatggaagcaatcagcgaaactaaaatacaatccgattgtagacataagagcagtgacaacagagaacggaatacccgaaaaagcgacaatagaaacgcttaaatacgcgattaagccaacggcatataaaatagacccgtgtgtaacacaaacactgctgtacgcgcttaaaaacagaaaacttataagctacacagggatattttctaaaataagaaaagaattaaaattagaagatatagaagaatcaacactgctggataggcaagtaacaacagaaccagtcatactatatgaatttacgcccgcaggatgggaaataatcaacgaatag
>gene_28988|Recombinase
ctcgttggtactgttaaagagcgcttccaacaagtttcaaattcaaagttctggcaatcctatgcagggcaaccaaactcatataccattcttcaagacgaagtggctgagtatcttattgcaaaatggccagatttgaagagaggagaaaaaggatctaaagctgaacatctggcaccagatgagtacaagcagctgcaagatgatttgagagagcagaaagaaatcaacgataagctccgtaaagagaacgaaaaaatcaaagctgaaaacgaaatgctcaaagaggagaacgatgctttgaggcaggatagtgcaatggagctgtatgttaagcagcagcaggcacaggaagttaaggcattgagagaagaacgttctgaaatcatcagagagcttgcagctttcgagaaaagagccgaagctatcatggaaacgaagatagaatttccggaagttccagttccggaagataaagttgatttcatcaactggtgcataacgcacataaagggcgtttttgaggctgtggagaggttctgtaaggaaatgtaccaagacttcgttaaaaaggctcagaagtcaattttggacgacgtagaggtattaaaagggcagggtcagagcctgcttgataagattaatcgagcaacgtctgtttcggaagcttccaacagaaatgctccgaagcacgaaaaggaatatgaaagagattaa
>gene_56746|Replication protein
atgaaaggtggtttttatactatggaaaataaaactattgaagaacttaatacagttgaaactgaaccaaaacaaaagaagaagattgtcaaaagaattgttgagattgtcacaaatcaatttgataatgatggcaatgagattttgaaccgctcacaaattgaaaaggtaatcaaaaagcataagacaataaagcaatttgcttatgcattgcacgacaaagacactgtcattgaagaagatattgtcaaatatcattataaagaagaagatgtcggcaaacctaaaaaaccgcattggcatattgaattgatgctttcgccatcttatgacattgaacttgttgccaagtggttcaatgtgccagtcaattttttgcattttccaaaaggcaaaggcggtcaaaatcgtggtgcattccttgatatggttgaatatatcacacacgaagaagaaagacagcaagaactcggcaaacatcgttattttgatgaagaaatcactgcaaactttgattttcgcaaagaacttgatgaacgtcgcacgatgtttgaactcactggcaaaaagaatgccacaaacaaagaagttcttcgtcttgaagtgcttcaaaatggtatgacattgagacaaatcaaagaaaaagatgctctcggatatgcaaacgatgtttctgcattgtataggttaagaagtgaatatcttaaaaca
>gene_21963|Firmicute plasmid replication family protein
atgttacttttagtcgcaaacaagtatatttgcagtctcaaatatgacatcgaaaatgttactgatatgaaaaaggaaattatgaacctatcggatttccagaataacaaggaaaatccgttcgctaaacagacaatagtccagatgggtaactttctggccactcgtcaggtttctggcaagaatgatgatgagagatcggttctgcaggctgtcgatgagaagacaggagaactgttaggacagactgtattcatgcgtaccaagatggtcgatacagaaacctttgccaaggtgtatcagatggggttccaggcctttgcagacatgaaaccatctgttatgaaagtctttcagtatatcgttagccaattgaagccagataatgaccgattcttcctctttgtcgaagatatcatggaagctactggctatagcaagatgactatctatcgtgcattaggccatctctgctccagggagattatcgccagaggtcgaagcgatacggactatttcatcaacccaatgtacgttttcaatggcaaccgtgtcaccttcatcaccaactggatcaactcgaacgctccagacttcaaaacaagtcagaagacactgaaaggcaccattcagctgatgcagcaacaaggatatctacctaagcagctggagttggatttcggtgaggatcctgacgaactaccattcaagtga
>gene_30928|Replication protein
atggttttcccctatccccgccgcagcggttttctttttggttctttttcttttatggaggtagagagtatgtcggagattgattggaaggccctttatagggaaaaggaggcgcacctgggtgtgtatctggaacaggtggagccttatgaattttaccgggagttgtggccggaagggacctttgagcgtgaggggcacccggaggatgaaaagccaaacggattggccttacaaattcaagggaagggtaaggccagacatgttatgctgacggatggattggagcagttggaggatgtgctgcagggggagttcgttatcacatctccgatatcgtattttggccgccgccgtaccggcaagaatgctcggtgggcgtatgcgatggcgtttgacctggatggagttcagatgccgcagcttcgtgacgttctccatcaagcgtcgaatgaaatcatcccgaaacccacttacgtggtaaattccggtagagggcttcatctgtattatttcttcaaggagccagccatcatggtgcctcatatccaggccggtttgaaggagctgaaatacgcccttaccagacaaatctggaaccggtacacatcgacacggaaggatttagaggtgcagggtattctgcaggggttccggatgattgggagcccttcgaagttggggcgtgaatacccggtgacggcctatcggcttggtgaccgggtgacgtgcgattacctcatggattttgttcctcggacttcgggggaacgagagcagattttcgctgcctttgatagcaagatgacgctgcaggaggcgaaggtgcgctatccggaatggtaccaacgtcgagtcgtggaggggaaaccacgtgggaaatgggccatcaaaagagacctctacgattggtggctcggtcgcatccgtgacgagattactgtcgggcatcggttctttggctgcatgacgttggccatttacgcggtgaaatgcggtatatcggaagaggagctacgtgaggacgcctattcgctcctggatgggtatgacgccatgtccaccgaaagcacaaaccgctttacagaggatgacatcgaagctgccatcggtatctacaacgacagttactccacgttccctagggacgatatcggaaaagtgaccggcttaaaaatgccggtgaacaaacggaacggccgaaagcaggacgaccatctgaggcgcgccagagcagtacaagtggttgactatccaaacggtgagtggcgcaaagggaacggtcggccgaaggggtccgggacagcgcaggaaaaggtgcagcagtaccgggccgaacatcctgaggcgcggaaggtcgattgtcaacgtgcgctcggcctcgaccctaagacggtgcgaaagtggtgggattga
>gene_14081|Replication protein
atggttttcccctatccccgccgcagcggttttctttttggttctttttcttttatggaggtagagagtatgtcggagattgattggaaggccctttatagggaaaaggaggcgcacctgggtgtgtatctggaacaggtggagccttatgaattttaccgggagttgtggccggaagggacctttgagcgtgaggggcacccggaggatgaaaagccaaacggattggccttacaaattcaagggaagggtaaggccagacatgttatgctgacggatggattggagcagttggaggatgtgctgcagggggagttcgttatcacatctccgatatcgtattttggccgccgccgtaccggcaagaatgctcggtgggcgtatgcgatggcgtttgacctggatggagttcagatgccgcagcttcgtgacgttctccatcaagcgtcgaatgaaatcatcccgaaacccacttacgtggtaaattccggtagagggcttcatctgtattatttcttcaaggagccagccatcatggtgcctcatatccaggccggtttgaaggagctgaaatacgcccttaccagacaaatctggaaccggtacacatcgacacggaaggatttagaggtgcagggtattctgcaggggttccggatgattgggagcccttcgaagttggggcgtgaatacccggtgacggcctatcggcttggtgaccgggtgacgtgcgattacctcatggattttgttcctcggacttcgggggaacgagagcagattttcgctgcctttgatagcaagatgacgctgcaggaggcgaaggtgcgctatccggaatggtaccaacgtcgagtcgtggaggggaaaccacgtgggaaatgggccatcaaaagagacctctacgattggtggctcggtcgcatccgtgacgagattactgtcgggcatcggttctttggctgcatgacgttggccatttacgcggtgaaatgcggtatatcggaagaggagctacgtgaggacgcctattcgctcctggatgggtatgacgccatgtccaccgaaagcacaaaccgctttacagaggatgacatcgaagctgccatcggtatctacaacgacagttactccacgttccctagggacgatatcggaaaagtgaccggcttaaaaatgccggtgaacaaacggaacggccgaaagcaggacgaccatctgaggcgcgccagagcagtacaagtggttgactatccaaacggtgagtggcgcaaagggaacggtcggccgaaggggtccgggacagcgcaggaaaaggtgcagcagtaccgggccgaacatcctgaggcgcggaaggtcgattgtcaacgtgcgctcggcctcgaccctaagacggtgcgaaagtggtgggattga
>gene_43028|Mobilization protein
atgaagacaggcatcaacttcgaacggtgcaacatcggctctgccgaaatgcacaacacccgcgacccgaagtacatcgcggcagtcaacgcatcccccaacaagcattactccatcttcgaggaccagacgaagatgaatgtctcgtgggtgaatccggcataccagggtaagactctgcccggactcctggacgaactccgggcaatctaccgcgagaaggtcggccaggctccccaggaacaggaccgagtgcgagaagtcacggataagaagacaggtctgaagaagaccgtcaccaccgccgggtggtcaccaatccgcgagggtgtttgccctatcctccccaacacgcagatttccgacttcggccccttcatcgagtggctgcagtcgaaagggctgcaggctgtccgtctggatcttcatcacgatgaaggccacacggacgagctgacaggcgagaggaaatacaaccaccacgcccacattgtcgtggattggatagaccacagtaccggaaagagccgcaagctctccaaggaggacacaagggaaatgcagacacagctcgccgcctccctccgcatggagcgcggagtctccaaggagattacaggagccgaccacctgtcacctgacgagcagcgcgccaaggccgcggcagagagagtcaaggccctggaagaaaaggagaccaacctggaagcc
>gene_36425|Rep (Fragment)
atgttaacggtaccaaggaacaacacggccaaggaatgggtggcaatctccaagtggctaagggacaacgatgtacataaatggacatgcggcatggaaacaggcaccaacggttacgaccattggcaaatacggttccaggtcaacaaggacttcgagaccctcaagtccgaatggggacccaaggcacacatcgaggaagcctccgacacatgggagtacgaacgcaagtcaggcatgttcttcagttacgcagatacgcccgaggtcagaaagtgcaggttcggcaaactaaattggcgtcagaggaccatcataaacgccgtacaagacacgaacgaccgcgaaatagtggtttggtatgacccgaccggaaacaagggcaaatcatggctccttgggcacctctacgagaccgggcaggcgtgggtggtacaggctcaagatacggtcaaaggcatcatacaggattgcgcatccgagtacatcaaccacggatggaggcccatcatagtcatcgacataccgcgcacatggaaatggacggccgacctctatgtagcaatcgagcgcatcaaggacgggctgataaaggacccgaggtacaacagcaagacggtgcacatccgcggtgttaaggtgttgattacgtgtaacaccatgccaacgcgtgacaagctgtccaacgaccggtgggtaatcgtcgagttatga
>gene_7171|Replication protein repB
atggcaagtgtaaaacaagaaaccgaaaaagtcaagaaaagatattggcgcttcgagatttatcccgaaagtgctcccgcagattggcttgaatttctcaagcagacgtgcgttgaattcgccctctcgccgcttcacgacaaagacgtttatgtcaaggacgtgcgcgattccgaagatacggacttggtcaaggccaaagccggcgagaaaaaaaagccgcactaccacggaatttttgcgttcaacaatccgaccacgttcaagaatgtttacgaaagttttttgaagccgctcggccagccgattccgttgtcgtgcgacaacgtgcggcgggcgttcgaatatttttggcacaagaacgacaaggacaaattccaatacagcaaagaggacgtgcagacgttcaacggcttcgacgttctcaactacatcaacattgagcagcgccgagttttggaaattaagctcgaactagtggacttcatcaaagcgcggcccgtgtatgagccgattgattttttggacgcgataaaaagcgacttcggcgaaaaggaagatttgcaagattatctcgacatcgctttttcgaatacgtcggcgttcaatgtttacattcggtcgaaccgccacaaacggaaaagcgagattgcggcgagtttggccgctgcggacttggccgaagctgcagcggaggagggagaaaaaaattga
>gene_4146|Rep protein
gtgaaaaaagtatttatatcagggtcaattatagagttctacgagtatcaagggtatatatctggaaaaggtggacgtatggaaaaaacaactggagaacaaaaagaaaagaattataaatcacgagtaatacaacgtagaaatatggtcagacgtttagcgtgttctaattttaataatcaagacgtaaagtttgtaacattaacattcaaagataataaaactaatgtgcaagaatgtaacaatgagttcaaaaaatttataaaaagattaaaaagaaaaatgaatttgcaagatataaaatatttagcagtaattgaatttcagaaaagaggagcaatacattatcattgcttaatgaatattccatatatttcatttttagaattacaatcaacttgggggaacggcttcatacacattgaagacgtaacaaaagttgataacctcggagcatatcttgtgaaatatatgacaaaagaaaatgcggacgatagattgatgggagagaaaggctatcttacttcaagaaatttaattcgacccattgaagcatctgacaaagatttaaaagcatataaaatttttgaacgaaatcatcttgaaaaattagacataaaaaaatgcactccagtatacgaaaccgattacgaaactgaaatgcttggcaaatgccattatacccaatataacttagaaaggactcaagaataa
>gene_21218|Plasmid replication protein
atggctattaagtcgaggatttttaatatcatgcagtatgaacggcacccggagacgggcgaggtactgctgacagaggagaagataaaggacgctctcgcccataggatgataaagcggtgggcgtatgtgtgccacgacagggacgtgtactcggcactggacgaggagcagaacccggaccaccacaagggggacgtaaagccccggcactggcatatcgtgatcgaaatggggactcggcaggtcgagataggtgttatcgctaagtggctcggcatcaaggataactacgtaaacgtagccaagggagcgggcgccttcctcgactgcgtccagtaccttacgcacgaagacgacaaacaacagggactcgggaagcgcctgtacgaagattcctgcgtgcaagcaaacttcgattttcgcgaggaactcgacaaacgtgcggaacgcaaggcgcgctacgggaaagacctcaatgaaaaagatcgcattcggaatgaagttctgctgaaaggtatgaccctgcgcgaggtcgtggagaagtatcctctgcagtatcaggacgatttcacatacctcgaaaaatgccgtttgcgctatatctccactatctcggagatgccgaaagcgcgcatcaattattacatcgagggacgcgggggcattggcaaagggttgatcagtaaggcgatcgcccgcgcgctcgtagaccgggacgggactatgagggacgacgacatatactttgaggtcggcgcggatcgggccagttttgaaggctacgatggtcaaccggtgatcatatggaatgactgcagagcgtacacgctattgcagaaattgggaggacgtgagaacgtctttaacgtctttgatccctttccgccgaacgtcaaacaaaacattaaatacgggagcgtgaggctcaataacatgatcaacatcgttaatagcgtccagtcgtataccgagttctttgatggtcttgcaggagaatacaaagacaaggacggcacgattcagaaagcagaggataaggggcagtcgtacaggcgcttcccgttcttcctcgttctgcacgaggaagactatgacctcgggatgaataagggcgtgtttgagggaacgcgggagtacgaacagtacatgatgtatcggggactgcgtggcaacatgcaacgcatcgccgaaaagtgcggggacaactatcagctatataacatggtgacccgaaaggcgctcgcgcctgttgtagacaaacacgaccagctggaggacaagctgcagcataagcagcaggggacggatgaagaaatactggagtacttcgcggacgtgggaacgcccagggacggcgaccaggtgccgggacagatggatatatcacagatacctggggtaatagacgattaa
>gene_45032|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atagacattatcggcaatcaaaaaacaaaattagcattctggattatgaataatctaaaccgtgataatcagttgattatgacccaacgtgaaatagcaaaacgaaataatatgtcaaccaaaacagttaattccacgataaaggcattacttgaatcaaactttttacaaaaaacacaactcggcgtttatcgagttaatcctgatattttattcaaaggcggcaaaaataatcgcatgaatgttttattgcaatatcgtgaagaaaaagaaaatcagattcatcacgatgaacaaaaaaacaacgaagttaaaatcccgcagcaagaacaaataaccctcgatgaggcacaagagaacctatcaagaaaaaaaatcgctcctgaggcctctcaggcacctcaaaacgaaaatcagaaacagcaaccaaggagaaaaagaagtcgccaagaaaagaaagctaaaaacacaggttcgagacacgcgaagcgtctcagtagcgcacggaatgaaaacccaaaagcaaaaactttcaacgacggcgcaaaagctgctagttaa
>gene_51369|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaagctaaatactgggttggggtttgctaccccgaaaatatgattgacaactggcaagaggtaataggagaggtgctaatggtgccgtattgctattgcctgcacgataaagaccatttgtcggagtataataagaagaagaatatcgaggaagaagaacgcaaaaagcacgtacatataatgcttgcgttcaccaacacaaccacatacaatcacgctttgagtacgcttttagctttatcgaaacagggttgtgcttgcttgaataaggttgaggtagtgcgacacgttcgtaacaagtacgaatatcttattcacaatacagacgatagccgaaagaaaggcaaatacctttatcccctcgaagaaagaataagcggcaataactttgacatcggctcttatgagcagattactcttgccgataaaaacaaaatggctatggagatatgccaacttatcaaggataatgaaattcacaatttcattgatttgtttgaaatggtaagcggtatggggttggagtatttcgacattttaaaaagctattcaggcttgttcgacagaatgtgcaacggcaattatcagaagaaaaagtacggcaatctggacttgccgaagaagccaaacacgctgactttcactaatcctgtgaaagagctgaagcctgtgaaagatgatgagccttatccatttgattga
>gene_40335|Mobilization protein
atgtcgaattatgcaataattagaatcgaaaaggtcaaaaatggtggcaagatgacacaaattgacaatcacaacaaaagaagaagtagttgttatgataacattgagccaagtctatcacatcataatgtatatgctacatttgatgataaaggtgttttacaaggtgatgtattagatggtaaggaattattcgattattacacaaaaggtatgaaatatagaaaagatgcaatacaaatgattgacggaattatgtcaaaatctaatcctttagaagatgagcaagagtggttagataaatgtatagatttcttgaaaaaagaatttaagggttgtccatttaatgttcaattacattgtgatgagcctaatacagtaatacatttacattttcaagttatacctattgagaagaaaaaagacgagatgtgcttaaatggttctcgttggtttggcaaaaagaaattactttcacaacttcaaacaagatatgcagattttatgaagtcattgggtttagttcgtggagttgaaaaatcaaacaatcatcataagcaattaaagacatattattcagagcaggagaaagcattacgcaaagaatacgaagccaaaatccaagccgtaaatgatgaatatatgagcaaattggaggctcttggtttgagtggttataatgaaatcaatgtaggtttagaggttagatag
>gene_28335|Replication initiator protein
atgccacgccaaataaaagaagaagtcagacttgcaagagtaagaaaggctaacgagttaattcaaaaatcacgcttttctctttctctccaacagcagaaaattattctatatctgattagcaagatacatccaacagatacagagtttcacgaatacaaatttgaaataaaagctttttgcgaagcctgcggaattgattctgatggtgggacagtatatagcgaaataaaagaagctataaagaacatagctgacaaaagcttatgggtaaaaatgcccgatggcagagaaactcttctccggtggatagaaaaagcaagcttggaaacagggacaggcatattgacaataaggcttgacaacgatatgaagccttatttgctacagctcaataagaattataccacctgtgatttgatatacacgctgacattcaagagcaaatatagcgttcgtttgtatgagcttataaaatcaattcactatgatgaatcacagccatattcaaagacttatagcgttgatgaacttaaaaagcttttaggagcagaaactcataaaacatattctcatttcaaacaaaaagctttggatcctgcggtagcagaaataaacgggataagcgataaaacaatcagctatgaagtggctgaaaaaactggtaaaaagattacacatttaaccttacatattgccaagtatgac
>gene_2231|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggccaaaaacaacaagaaggtgcagcagaaggctgacgccaagcgcgctggacagcgaaccaggaactgggcgctggtattctacccggaggatcttccagaagactggaagacgcaagtcgacagtctgatggttaagtggatcgaaggtccgttacacgaccaagatcttaacgcagacggtacgcccaaaaagccacacgtacatacgctcttcatgttcgagaacgtgaagaacgaaaagcaagtgatggatttattccgagagcttttcggagaatcagacaccggttcggtacatggtgtaccgaagccgcagcaggtgtctgatcgaggggccgttgtccggtatatggcccacttggacaatccggacaaggcacagtatgatccgaacgacattgtgggacacaatggcgcggatccagccgagctgcttcgctactcggcaacagaaacacgactgatgatcattgcgatggaagaattcatagagcaaaatcagataacggagttaacggattttgctgcagcaattcgctatgatcatccggagtggcacgacatcttggctaccaagatgacgatgtatttcaatgcgttcatcagatcgatgaggcataaggccgaatcgggcaggctgcctccaaaggcagctgttcaggatctgccggaggctgatcctgagactggcgaagtcatagagtga
>gene_55071|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggccaaaaacaacaagaaggtgcagcagaaagctgacgccaagcgcgctggacagcgaaccaggaactgggcgctggtattctacccggaggaccttccagaagactggaagacgcaagtcgacagtctgatggttaagtggatcgaaggtccgttacacgaccaagatcttaacgcagacggtacgcccaaaaagccccatgtacatacgctcttcatgttcgagaacgtgaagaacgaaaagcaagtgatggatttattccgagagcttttcggagaatcagacaccggttcggtacatggtgtaccgaagccgcagcaggtgtctgatcgaggagccgttgtccggtatatggcccacttggacaatccggacaaggcacagtatgatccgaacgacattgtgggacacaatggcgcggatccagccgagctgcttcgctactcggcaacagaaacacgactgatgatcattgcgatggaagaattcatagagcaaaatcagataacggagttaacggattttgctgcagcaattcgctatgatcatccggagtggcacgacatcttggctaccaagatgacgatgtatttcaatgcgttcatcagatcgatgaggcataaggccgaatcgggcaggctgcctccaaaggcagctgttcaggatctgccggaggctgatcctgagactggcgaagtcatagagtga
>gene_5005|DNA replication protein
atgatgcattggactgatgaagaaggtagaccgatggcgaaagaatgtccatattgtaatggcggtcacgcgaaaaaaatcgcagtagtaaaacaatactcacatatcccatcagcctattatgatgatgatttgaccaaattcaagtgggatatatacaaggataagcatggcaaagtagaagatattctaactcaaaagaagatagttgaaaatcttgtgtggaactatagtgagtgggataaagagggaacaggtctgtatattttctccaggatgaagggcagcggcaaaacttttcttgcatcatgtatctgtaacaccttaatttcaaagtacgccataaagacaaagttcgtgtcggcatctgatttaatcgacatagacaaaggcacagttgaaaatgagtctgttgataccctatgcaagtgcaagcttcttgtgcttgatgatctaggtcagaaacagtgtggaacggagtggataaatgacattcttttcaaaatccttgacagtcgaatgaataacaagctaatgacacttataacttctaatatcccaataggtgagctgcagcttgatgatagacttgtcgacagaatcaacatgatgactatcgagataccgctgcccgaatattgcgttagagcgagagaagctaagattaatcatatgtctttcttaaaaaaggttggtttaatgcctgaatga
>gene_57704|Replication protein
atgtgcgcggtatgccaaacatgccaagacatcgagtgctacaaagcaggatttttgacattgacggtgcgcaactgcaaaccaaaggatctcaaagagacattgagatcgatgtcggcggcatggaaccgaatgttgtcggcggcaaaaaagcacaaagactcgtttgccatttacggatgggcaagatccgtcgagatcacatacaacgagcaaacatacactttccacccacattatcacatcatcgtattactagatccatcagccgaagagggcaaatgtagaaagtttttctacaagaagtggagcaaagcatggggcgcagattacgatccgatcatagattatcgagagatcgaggaggacaaaaccgacatcgatcaacccgatttcaccaaagctattctcgaaacatacaaatacgcgatcaaatccgaggatctcatagatatgccgacctcgatatttcgcacgttagttcttgcgatcagcggcgcgcgacttgtcgcgtttggcggtataatcaaagaggcgagacgcatgttgaactatacagagtccgacgatcccgaagatgtcgatcgagaaaggtgcgattgcggtgcacctctgcaagcggcgttattacgttggagtttcgaggaaagtgcatataagaagatggcaacacatctccaagagtctccgatcggagcatatctacaatga
>gene_29768|replication protein
ggtgtggctatgcctcagaaatgtgcaaacaaaataggtgctgtgagatatttaatacatatggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgataaagcagacattatttgctttggtggtgcaaacatcgaagaaatgataaaagcctctgcagatgaaactttcgttatgcaggcaacagttgaaagtatcatcgaagaacagggttttacagaatatgcagtggtggcaaaatatctccgtgaaagtgattttgatttatataagacttttacaactcacacaatgcatttcaatgcattcataaaatctcgcagacattctctgctgacaaaatag
>gene_8883|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgaacattaaggaggttgattttttaggatttgctgacatgatcggggtccctttttgtgttatagcgcttttgttgatagcctttgtacggatatctgacaagattaaagcggctaagaaaaagaagtctgcactcattaggaaagcgaagccaggcaaagcacacggaatcctttatggaaagaaaaaggggtatatctactatagtccttacaattctgaaggttcggtgggtgttttctcggctacgggtacgggaaaaaccagttctatcggagtgcctactctgttaagctggggagccggctttggttttttctacgcaatcgatatttctggggatatcttaaagaactgtaaatccataataaataagctggtttttgatcctcaaagccccatttgcaatccatttaacgtctttggttttatagataggcttaagaccagagcagaaaaagctcaggcacttgctcagcttgctatcgtgcttatgcctgaagatgtatcaatcaatgcaaatgcaacggccagattcttttataggtgcggcagaagtattttaacggcagcgttaacggctttttattttgtcggcatggatttctgcgagatttgtgtaaaaatcgttgtaacgccgtggaaagacctttttaacgaaattgaagggtcatgtgatgaggcaaaagcatacctttctggctttgatccggatcgtccacaggatgccgccggtagtatgcaagattgtattgattcggtgtcattattcgccactaatgaaaatatccggtcttgggtacgccgtccgcatgagggagaaacagctatagaaccgcatatgatcgagaactacaacatttttatagtttgtcctgatcctttacttgatttatatgctcctgttttgaccctgataacctctttgcagatgcagtatataagtagccggattatcacggacaaaagcccacagcttttactatatttagatgaatatgtaagtttaaaaatccctgcttccctaattctgcaagcgttacggaagtatagaaagcggctctgtaagtgcattttgctcacacaagcacctacagatttgcttacgattggctatacagaagcagaaacaaagtcaattcttgccaacttaaaattcaaagttcttttgggtggtcttggagataccgacagccaacggtattttgctgatcttattggatataaggattctacgaagagaagccgttccagaagctccagagacactacaacaacggaaactgaagccagagagtacaaaattgagccggcagaccttgaccgtcagggtgaagatactgcgatccttatatatccagagggcgaggggtatattttgctgaaaaagaattactactggaagaaataa
>gene_8576|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagtagcaaagtttcattccatatcggaaaaaattattcggtcaaacataacaggagagacttcgataaggagaggtggaatttagataatcacatcgacttgaataagcgacatgtaaatttgattgaccgcaatttgagagatgttgtcgaggaagtatttactgacccgttggagaagtataacgaaaaggtcaaggcaaaaaatccaggtcgaatgaagtcgatagatgacatttaccaggagagccgaaaaagtgccagggaaattatcgtacaggtgggaaatatgcaaaataaccccttggaaaattggcaacatgaagatatgctgaccgcttacgtacaggatttcaagaaaaacaatccgaacatgatagtctttggagcatatatccaccttgatgaaagcactccgcatttacatcttgatattcttccggttgcaaaagattgtaaacgaggaatgtcgaaacagataagcatgagcggagcattaaaggaaatgggctttaagcgaactgataaatactctgacagacaggatatagcatggttgaatagtcgcagagaacaagcagaggaatttatgggtcaatatacggatataaagccacatgagaaaacgacaacaaaacacatggattattggcagtacaaggaaaagaaggctagaagatatgtcctagacaatgcaaatgaa
>gene_29813|Replication protein
atggctggaggaatgaacaagtacaactggaagaatacagtgttcagagtcggcgagaagtgggatatagatgaactgggaaaggcagtcggcttgaaagacgtgcattttgtcagatacggagagaaaaggacaaagaagccgactggagagaggaaaccaagagccaaaagacaaggttggagaaccaaccgagctttttatgattgtgcagttagagagtgcagagccaagaccaaagagggcaaccgttacacgtctatgtgtgccttatcggtcatagcgtggaagtgtaacgtgccacaagaggaactggagaaggacttactttctttactgccagactacaacaaaggagcaacaaggcagataaaggaaaaagagatatattcggctatgaagatgtataactcaaaggctatgcttacacagagagcaagactagaggactggcaagggtgggagtataagccgattaagaggaatggaagaaagcaagctgaacatttggaacgtgcaaggctagtacagactttagactatcctaatggcacgtggagaaataaagagggcagaccaactgcagagcagactgtccgagagtggcaagagcagaaccccaacggaacgaaagccgactgcatccgagccactggattatcgaagccgacagtgtatcgttggtggagcgtgggcgaagcccagtaa
>gene_17821|Replication protein
cgccgtgccagggacaagaacaccaaggacgaattgaaggcagcggaagacctgtcctccgcagttgccgagattgcgaagtacgcagtcaagagcggagactatatcaccggagacgcacaaacaacggacagtgtggtgtcggtatatgccgatgcccttcacggtcgccggctgtgtagttttgacagaagcggtgcctttggcaaggcaagagacaagctccgcctggatgatccggaagacggagatctgattcacattgacaacgagaagatagaccctgccgttgcgttgctgattgtccgttatggttggtcggctggtgtctattctatgaccaattcttacataaaggagattgacaagaatgagaatgaagctgtttga
>gene_55859|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgatgaaagtaaaggcttctgccgtgggcgggatccagagccatatcaaccgagaacacaaaagcaaaacgaacccggacatagatgaaaccaagaccgtggacaactggcatatctggaagtgtccggagatgatgaaggtcattcgctccaacatcaagcactatgctccaaataccaaaaccgtcagaaaagatgctgtgatgttgtgctccttcgttgttggatctgatcgagaaactatggaggctatgggcgcggaaaagcagaggcaatttttccaagatgccgagcggttcttctctgttcgatatggcgcggaaaatataatctatgcctcgatccatgttgacgagccgggtgcgaaccacatgcacatcggtattacgccgatcaaggacggcaaattgtgcgccagggatctctttgaccgcaacgagcttaaagccttgcagacggcgttctgggagcatgtagggcgtttttatgggcttgatcgaggcgaagaggatagcgagaggaagcaccgatctgaagccgttttcaaggcagaggagcagcaaaggaagatagaggagctgtccggcacggtcaaggctctggaagcgaagatcgcggacaaggaagccgaagtcagagtgctgcaagccgagataaatcggatgagagctgaacggcaaagaagaagccaaggtcgcgagcggtaa
>gene_29323|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
atggcccgcgtatctacgaagcagcagaacattgaacgccaggttagaaacatcctggcagcttatccggatgctattatcaagaaggagtattacaccggaacgaagttagagggccgcgtggagctggaaagggttatcaaggcggcgaagcctggtgatatcctggtatttgatagcgtgagccgaatgagccgcaacgcggaagaaggtttcaatctttaccaggaactttataaccggggcgttgagctggttttcctgaaagagccgcacatcaatacaaccgtgtatcgtgaagctgcgaagcgtcagatccagacaatcagcaccggcgatgcggcagctgatgagctgctgaacggcatcacggaagctctgaaccgctacacgatgagactcgcggcccagcagatccagattgcttttgatcaggcagagaaggaagtcaaggacttacatcagcgtgtgagcgaaggaatggagacggccaggatcaacggcagccagatcggccaggtagcaggacgcaagctcaatgtgaagaaggcccagccgatgaaggagcagatcttgaagtattccaaagactttgatggcagcttgaatgatgttgaatgtatgaagctgactggcctggcccggaatacctactacaaatacaagaaagaactcaaagacgaaagagacaaagcagccaactaa
>gene_55057|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
atggcccgcgtatctacgaagcagcagaacattgaacgccaggttagaaacatcctggcagcttatccggatgctattatcaagaaggagtattacaccggaacgaagttagagggccgcgtggagctggaaagggttatcaaggcggcgaagcctggtgatatcctggtatttgatagcgtgagccgaatgagccgcaacgcggaagaaggtttcaatctttaccaggaactttataaccggggcgttgagctggttttcctgaaagagccgcacatcaatacaaccgtgtatcgtgaagctgcgaagcgtcagatccagacaatcagcaccggcgatgcggcagctgatgagctgctgaacggcatcacggaagctctgaaccgctacacgatgagactcgcggcccagcagatccagattgcttttgatcaggcagagaaggaagtcaaggacttacatcagcgtgtgagcgaaggaatggagacggccaggatcaacggcagccagatcggccaggtagcaggacgcaagctcaatgtgaagaaggcccagccgatgaaggagcagatcttgaagtattccaaagactttgatggcagcttgaatgatgttgaatgtatgaagctgactggcctggcccggaatacctactacaaatacaagaaagaactcaaagacgaaagagacaaagcagccaactaa
>gene_5096|RepB protein
atgatcagcacgacatcactgcacaacgttaaaaattttgtatcaaagaaaattatatccttttttgggaaaaaaatcaagttctgcttaaaaatctccttaaaaagtagtttttctcttgatacatccatgaaaggatgtatttttttgtctagaattaaaaattttgcttttctgctatatcctgatagctgtaatttaaattggctgcaattgtgttgcgagcaaggcatcccatttttttggattttgcatgataaagacgcaaaaaaacctcattttcacttgttttttactgctaaaaacgcaatttcagagaatacagttaaaaaaatcggcgaaaaaatcggctccgccaatggtacataccaatgcgtcgctagtaaattaggctttctccgttatctagtg
>gene_5098|Replication protein repB
cacaaagacaatccagagaaacatcaatatgatgtttccgaagttaacgcgtgctgcggtgcgttttatgacgaaagtcaaattttatcagaaatggaaaacaaatccaaatcatttgatttaatgcaagaaatgattgattatatagattccaaggaagtatatttatactgtgattttgtccgatactgtcttacatttcgccgtgattggtttaatgttttaattagtcctcaggggcgggtgttcgacaaatacattaaatctatgtattgggcaaaaacgcacttatag
>gene_50402|Replication protein
atgtgtgatgttcgccccatcgtccaggacaccggttccgatcaggaagagaacgctgtggtggacccctttgcgaagggatttgcagaggttttcaagtacgcgatgaaagccgccgagttgcctccaaaggttgcgctcgatgcctacacagttctccgtggcaggcgtcttgttcgttccttcggcacgttctacggcgttcccgaacctgcaaatgacgatctgtcagacgacataccagaagaggaacttccctacatcgatttgctatggcgctatgccggagaaggacgctatgaacacgcaaaaacagttgaccgcaccagccaacaccgagaagggcgaagcgatgatgttgtgctttga
>gene_6699|Replication protein
cccgaccttcgcgagcgtcttgatcacctggacaagtccctcacccggctcaacaagcgtcggcatcggcctcggtgcaattctgtcatcacgaatatcgccggtgctgtgtggagcttcgaggtcactcatagcgatgccaacggttggcatccgcacgtgcatgcagtttggctggcggctgagccccccgatcagattgccctgcgcgctgagtgggaagacatcactggcgatagcttcatgtgtgatgttcgccccatcgtccaggacaccggttccgatcaggaagagaacgctgtggtggacccctttgcgaagggatttgcagaggttttcaagtacgcgatgaaagccgccgagttgcctccaaaggttgcgctcgatgcctacacagttctccgtggcaggcgtcttgttcgttccttcggcacgttctacggcgttcccgaacctgcaaatgacgatctgtcagacgacataccagaagaggaacttccctacatcgatttgctatggcgctatgccggagaaggacgctatgaacacgcaaaaacagttgaccgcaccagccaacaccgagaagggcgaagcgatgatgttgtgctttga
>gene_34378|Replication protein
cggctcaacaagcgtcggcatcggcctcggtgcaattctgtcatcacgaatatcgccggtgctgtgtggagcttcgaggtcactcatagcgatgccaacggttggcatccgcacgtgcatgcagtttggctggcggctgagccccccgatcagattgccctgcgcgctgagtgggaagacatcactggcgatagcttcatgtgtgatgttcgccccatcgtccaggacaccggttccgatcaggaagagaacgctgtggtggacccctttgcgaagggatttgcagaggttttcaagtacgcgatgaaagccgccgagttgcctccaaaggttgcgctcgatgcctacacagttctccgtggcaggcgtcttgttcgttccttcggcacgttctacggcgttcccgaacctgcaaatgacgatctgtcagacgacataccagaagaggaacttccctacatcgatttgctatggcgctatgccggagaaggacgctatgaacacgcaaaaacagttgaccgcaccagccaacaccgagaagggcgaagcgatgatgttgtgctttga
>gene_15434|Replication protein
gtccaggacaccggttccgatcaggaagagaacgctgtggtggacccctttgcgaagggatttgcagaggttttcaagtacgcgatgaaagccgccgagttgcctccaaaggttgcgctcgatgcctacacagttctccgtggcaggcgtcttgttcgttccttcggcacgttctacggcgttcccgaacctgcaaatgacgatctgtcagacgacataccagaagaggaacttccctacatcgatttgctatggcgctatgccggagaaggacgctatgaacacgcaaaaacagttgaccgcaccagccaacaccgagaagggcgaagcgatgatgttgtgctttga
>gene_38832|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain
atggtagtgcaggaacttaatcccgaatactttgaatggaatgagaacgagttaaggggtatcacaaacagagatactgcactgataagccatgtactgcaaacgaggctcgaaagagccgggtatccggtgcaggaaatccatacgataatccatgaccgagatacacagaacagatggaatgagatagaaaacaaatacgaaatagtgcaaaaggctattcattttcatagtgtaatcaaattcagaaaagtagatggaaacctgcccaataccacgataagcaacataagcggagtgataggcatagagccacagtacatagaaaaaccgcatagaggtgtaaatgcttatgataatatgcttgcatatctgatacacattaaagacccacagaagtttcagtatcgccccgaagatgtgtatagtgggggatatgttggtattgaaaatggtcatatatctcgctataaagactatatggatatatatcgagagcgtcgagaagaatggctgaatggtagagcaaagaaaaggactacgcaagccaaaacggatatagacgctcttgaagaggcgatactgctgggcgaagtatcaaaaaatcagatattacttacagacgcatactttgaagtctatgcccgaaataagagaagatgtgatgacgctttcgacacatacgctcaaagaaaaatagcaaaaaccattcagcgtatggaaaatggcgagttcaaactcactgtgtacttcattacaggacgctcacattcgggaaagtctatgtttaccgacgcattggtgaatagcatacgtaaaaaagccaaagaagaatttggggaagaatggagcgtgtgttctgtggctgcaagtaatccgtatgatgagtatatgggcgaagaaataatggttatggacgatttaagaggtatggcattatctgcttcggattggcttaaactgttagaccctgaccgcataaatacgggttctgcgagatacagaaacaagaaaattgcttgcaggtgtatcgtcataaattccgaaaaagatgtaatagactttttctattaccttaaaggtaacggaacaacgggtaaagatgaggctatggaccaattctttagacgcattttagcaagagtgcaggtctataaagttcccgatagtgatgaaagacgcttgcgtataggggaaatgcaagagtgttcttcttatacaaagcctttagaccattggactacactaaccttacatcataactttagtggtaatctatccgattacgattacgatagtgcgttgttgtatctaaccgatatggctataaaccgaaataaacttaattcacttccagaggcttcggggagtgaagtggacgaacagagtgaggacacgagaggggctgaataa
>gene_31213|replication protein, partial
atggacttatcgaatcaatatgattatgctctcctcaccctcacacagcgcaatgtggccgctgccgatttgggggacgaaattgagcgtttactcgccgcctggtcttctcttcgcttcatccgggatatccggcgcaatctcgccggctgggcgcgcacggtcgaaataacggtaaatgcggacggtacttcataccacccgcacatacacgtcattctcgctctcaataagggcgcgccgcaggaaatgaaaggctctgactactggcgcaagctgtggtcaaatgccatgcacctcggttataccccaatttgcgattgtcggcctgtggaatccataaacgctgcctttgaggtatccaaatacatcacgaaggtttcaaagctgcttgaggaaagagatccgtccacattatacaccacagtttccacaatcacaaatgcaatacacggaaggcgccttcgttcgtatggtggagtgtgggcaaaagcacgccgagacatggcaatgcgtgaagccgaggatatgacagattacgagctcgacgccaccgaggaacaagcgttcagaatgtgcgcttgcggcaacactgcgactgaaacaatggttttcatgtgggcaggaatggattacaggaggtttgacacgtga
>gene_29823|replication protein, partial
ttgcgtgaatccagggcaacagcccaccaggcaaagctggtgttgacgtatatggacttatcaaatcaatatgattatgccctcctcaccctcacccaacgcaatgttcccgcggcagagctaggggacgaaatcgagcgccttctcgccgcctggtcctctcttcgttttatccgggatatccggcgcaatctcgctggctgggcgcgtacggtcgaaataacggtaaatgcggacggtacatcataccatccgcacatacacgttattctcgctctcaataagggagcgccgcaggaaatgaaaggttctgattattggcgcaagctgtggtctactgcaatgcacctcggttatactccaatttgcgattgtaggccagtggaatccataaatgctgcctttgaggtatcaaagtacatcacgaaggtttcaaagctgcttgaggaaaaagacccgtccacattatacaccacagtatccacaatcacaaatgcaatacacggaaggcgccttcgttcgtatggtggagtgtgggcaaaggctcgtcgtgacatggcaatgcgtgaagccgaggatatgaccgactatgagcttgatgcaaccgaggaacaagcgttcagatcgtgcgcttgtggcaacactgcgacagaaacaatggttctcatgtgggcaggaatggattacaggaggtttgacacgtga
>gene_54430|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgatctatggatattgcagagtgagcacacgatttcagaatatcgagcggcagattgagaacattaagagcagatacaaagacgctgttatattcaaagaagcgtataccggaacgaaggtggatggccggaaggaattacagaagctcatgcgaaccgttcagccggaggacacaatcgtttttgattcagtgagcagattatcaagaaacgcagacaagggaatagaaatttatttcagcctgtatgacagaggcgtaaaccttatctttttgaaagagccgactatcaacacggagaactaccgcaatgcagccaaaagcaaaatacagatgacaggcggtgatgtggacatcattctaaaagccgtaaacgaatatctgatgatcttagcaagacagcaaattagaatagcattcgagcaagcacaaaaggaagtagacgatttacacgtcaggacatccgagggaatgaagattgcaaaggaaaacggaaagcggatcggattaaccaagggcggcacatgggagccaaagagaaaacaggaagtgctaaagcagattcaagaacttaactggagttatggcggccgcttgaaagacgatgagacagcgagcaaggttcgcatatcaatgaacactctttataaatacaaaagagagatcaacgagaagatgaacggacaggacgggacacaagaatga
>gene_52957|Replication protein
atggagagactccagaccgtgcaggctgaacagccaggtttgaaggcttacatggtcacgcttaccgtgaaggatggccccgatctgctggaacggttccagcacctgcgcggttccatgaagcgcatgacacaggcacggcgcgaccatctcaaggccccggcaaagaatcgtcacgtcgagtttgcaaaagcccttggcggtgttcactccatcgaggccaagcggggcgcgaattccggcgagtggcacccacatgcacacatggtttggctctgccatgaggccccagacgctgccaagctctcgcaggaatggctccagttgaccggtgacagcttcatcgtggacgttcggccatttcatcaggacgacatggcctcgggttttgcggaggttttcaagtacgcgctgaagttttcggatcttcctttggaggacaactggcatgccttccagactttgaccgatagacggttggttgactctttcggctgcctgcgcggtgtccaagtctcggaagatttcacagacgagccaatcagcgaggatttgccttacatcgagatgatttattgcttcatgaacggcgcaaagggggcttacagcctcgcaaggttccttttggtagatgacccctgccccggtgctccgccgcctgtaatgccacaaaaaatcgtttctgaggctgatatcccgtattag
>gene_43857|Initiator RepB protein
ccaaaaacaacaattgaaataaccaaatccgaactgctgaaggcaatgggtgacacaggaacccattacacaacaaccagagatacgcttaatagtatttttcataaaggctttttgatgattgatgaacgaagaaccaaagcttatcactttattgatagttttgagtggtttcatgatgacgacttaatcaaaattgaatttcacaaggacatacttccgatgctggttgacctaaaatcaaacttcctgcagtattccgttcaggatttgaattgtcttaaatcaagatattcaatgctgctgtacaaatatgtcctttcatatatcagacaatacaagacacttgattttattgtttcaatggatgaattaagatcgtttttaaacttagaacaaaaatataccgaattcgataattttagaagaaaggttctgaacgtctttgaagaagaagtaaacaaatcaagagctttaccgtatctggtaagatatgaaaaattaacatcaggcaaaaaggttcgagctatcagattccaagttcgtgccagaaccaccaataaagaagaactgttctttgatgtccagaagccaatcatgtcagaggaaatgacatcgattcttttaaaggatggtgcagatttggaagaaattcgcaaccgtcaagctgaccagatcattgaagaacaacaacaactattctaa
>gene_15286|Rep protein
atgcaaaagataatcaaaacagggtctatcattgaaatatatgagtatgacaaaaccattatcgggaaaggtggctacaaagaacttaaaaatttagaacaaaaagaagaaaattatcaaaatcataatatacgtagacgcaataatgtaagacgtttagtatgtgcaaattttacaaatcaaaattgcaaatttttaacattaacattcaaggaaaatgaaacagatataagaaaatgcaatttgcaatttaaaaattttattaagagattgaaatataattatgatttgaaaaacttgaaatatattgcggttattgaatttcaaaaaagaggtgctatacattatcacgtgatgttaaatattccgtatatacctcaagaagaaatacaaaatatgtggggaaatggatttgtttttattaataaaatcaataacgtagataatcttggagcttatatcgtaaaatatatgacgaaagatacagcagacaaaagactccaaggagaaaaagcatatttttgttctaggaatttagaaaagcctttcgaaataacagacacaaagtatcttgatttgtttgaatcacataaaaaacaaattgaaaaaataataaaaaaatgtactcccacctatgagagtacatatgatacggagtgtcttggtatgtgtcattacactcaatataaccttgatagacattaa
>gene_4635|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgaaaattaaaattcgtgatggaattaacgcaattagatttaagaatgctcaaattactgattatgattttactccctttggactaaaagttttttgcggtaatcaaggagcaggaaagaccctctcagctatcaaatatgttaagcagctttgttatgaattccctgctgctatattgattagtaatgttaagatttgggatttgccgagctggacgatgtgttatcaatacaagggtatagatgacctttttacctatgagaatgggcgtaatggaattatttttttcattgacgagctgcatcttgagtttaatagtttggagagcaaaaatattcctatttcaacgataacagaaatttctcagctccggaaacaaagaaagatgatagttggaacatcgcaggttgctaaacgcattgctaaacctttgcgtgaacagtttgataaattggtagactgtcgtaactattttggtgtacttcagataaattccgtttatgacaacgaaactatcatacaggacgaagaaggggagattaaccttgataagtccaagtgtgataagtcttggtttttccattcttggaaagattatgtttgttatgatacttttgctaaaatgcggaagtatacgagagatattcagcaaactttgaaaaaatacgatgagagactctatggaggtgaaattaatgaatga
>gene_14691|Rep50
atgtcaaaatcacggaaagagtacgataaaaagtacgaagaaaaacgtgccgggcaacgcacccggaactggacagtcatcttttacccggaggatctaccggaggactggaaggagcaggtcgacggactgttggttaagtggattgaaggtccgctgcatgaccgagacctgacgcctgaaggtgagccaaagaaagcgcatattcatacgctgtttatgtttgagaacataaagagtgttgaccaggtttcagaactttttataggactttttggagagtctgaaaacgggtcgattgtaggagtggcgacgcctaagcgtgccacagaccgttgtgcccttgtaaggtacatggcgcatttggacaacccggacaaggcacaatacgatgtaaatgacatcgtaggtcacaacggagccgaccccgcagaaatcctgcggtactcggcgacggaaacacgggaaatgatagtggctatggaggaatacatagaggagaacggcatcattgagatggcggacttctcaaaggcgataaggtacgagcatccagagtggcataccttggtagccacgaagatgacgatgtactttaacgcctttatacgatcctgcaggcataaagccgagagaggcataccgaacgagcagccggccaggatcgtcaaggtgaacgaaagcaccggtgaggtgattgagtga
>gene_43023|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
ctggtcaagagcatgctcaaggccattgccgaatactcgcagaacgaccgggaggagtttttgaaagtaatacgggaaacgcaggcagtacagctttcagaggaatatgcgcagaaaaaagagcgcatcggtatcgttgaaagccgcattgacgaattggaaaagctcatcctccggttctatgaggacaatgttctcggtaagctttccgatgaacggtacgcacttcttaatcagcaatatgagaaggaacagcagtcattgaaaacagagcttgcagggcttcgctcattcaccgaggctgcagcctgcggtgaaaggtcgattgagaaattcgtggcgttgcttgataaatacgagtcttttgatgagcttacaaataccatgctgaatgaatttgtagagaagatcctgatacatgagcgtgaccggaagggcagtatcaaaacgacgcaggagatcgaaatctacttcaattttgtcggtaagtacgttcccccgactcttctttcgttaacgcccactgccgaggaaatggaggagatccgtaagcgtgaagaactcaaggacagacggcatcagcagtaccttcgcaggaaagaaagcggttggcagcgccagcatgaggatcgcgtgaaatcggaaaagcgtaagaagatggaaaaagatcaagtcaacattcaaagcaaaaggcaactccggtaa
>gene_8874|Putative replication initiator protein
tctgaaaggattgaaaaggcttttaggtgggttgaaactgatttacttgaaaaaaataaggagcgtgaaatgaaagtttattggatttatggcaatcctggaatcggtaaaaccacgttagcaaagacaatgtgtgaaaataataaatggtcttatgctatatcttcaagttcaaatgatgcgttacaagattataatgggcaggattgtctaatactggatgacttcagggcaaatggatggtctaaaactgacgttctaaaaatgcttgacaataatacatcatcttccattaaaagccgttatcagaataaacatacttgttacttgaaatgtattatagtaacgactattcagtctccttttgatttttggcaaaatgggaactggtctagtagtggaagtgaaccatatgaacaattaaagcggcgaattagtcaattggtttggatgtataaagacgaaaatgaagggcaattcgctagaacttactttgaagttactagatacggatatggtggcgttgttgttaagaataagtatgattttacggaaaaactagaatctataagaaagaaaaaagaagaggaggaagcagacatttcttttgatggtatttcttgcatggggtctagtggtgtttcttctggttctttggttgtgtctagtggtctagtggatgataaagacgtacctttttaa
>gene_53211|Site-specific recombinase
atggtgctgtaccgaactgaggccatcaagcgctcccagttccatctcaagtgctatacctacggcaaaaaggggaagaaatactgcacgccgcatcagatccgagaatctgatttgaaacaggttgtcttggatgacctgcgcagagttacccactttgccagaatgaaggagcgacagtttgcgtcctacattaacgcgaagaacagcgccgagctccgacaggagatcaatgccctgcaaagagaattggatgccatgcagagaagaagcgatgaactcaccgctctgttcaagcggctctacgaggacaatgtccttggccgcattaccaatgagcagttccgcaggctatctgctgactacaacgccgaacagaaaacgctggaggaagctattcctgtaaaacaggaacggttggcaaagctgaaagcatcggcagcaaatgtggaggccttcattgaaaaggcaaagcggttcagaagcatcgatgagctgactcccgaactcctgcggttgttcattcagcggatcgagatcggtgagcgtgcaaagaaatattctcactctgccgcacaggatattcgcatcgtctaccgtgacatcggcatggtggacagcgacatggaaaaaggagagcagcccgtacacatggctactctccctcagaacatcgatgaagttgtaaaaatgttggcctaa
>gene_56115|Replication protein
atggcgaaagtccttgagctcctccgccccgtcataaaggagcgcaacgcctattgccagcttatcaccctcacagttaagaatatccctttacatcagctgtcgcaagccctgaaagaaatgggcgaggcttggcatcgcatcactatgagaacgcctttttcgcggcgggacaagaagcttatcggttttgctcggaacacagaaatcacaatcaatccgaaaacccgagaagcacacccacacttccatatcttgctattatgggacggctccgctaagtcagaagtagaggaatggagcaaggggctacaggaagcttggagaactgcacttgatgtagactacaagcccattgtagacgcgcgcgaggcgtacgcaaaaaaagagggatactcatgcgcagaagacgcagtagtagcggcaacattagaggcctcgaaatactgcgtcaaggacaagcaaattgcagaactcacagattccgagttggtcatgttcgcgcatcagatcgcggggtataggttcgcgtcatatggcggaatgataaaggaactccgaaaaaagttagggctcggcgatgatgattacaacgaaatggataacggacgctgttcggtctgcggggaaaagatgttgcattatatcatgcaatggagcggatcgacctatgttctcacagaagtaaaggcggtgatatag
>gene_51548|Putative replication initiation protein
atgaccgtctgcgcctccggtacgaccggctggggcagtgacgatccgttcttccagggcgactcctacctgttcgtgacgttgaccgctcccggcaacgacgtccaccacctgccgaacggtgccgagtgcccgtgcaccccgcccggcggtgtcgacctggccgtctggaacgccacgagcggccaccgctggtcccgcttcgtgcaggccctccgtcgagagctcggcgaggatgcgcagtacttcaagggcgtcgagctgcagcagcgaggagcgatccacttccactcggtcttccggctggcacccggtcgaggaggtcgcctcacgtcgaagatccggcggctggccatccatcacggcttcggccactcgatcgatgcacaaccgatcccgccgcatgccgtcgccgggtacatcgccaagtacgccagcaaggccaccgacgaacgccacgcgatgccgtggtgcgaccgccagaccggcgagaagcgcatcggggaaggtcgctaccgggtctggtcctcgtcccgtcgatggggactctccatggcagcagttcgccactgccagcagcagtacgccaggacacgggcggaggcggaggccggcgcagccggcggagccgaccgggccggcgcagccggccctcttgatctcaatgctccctgttccacaccggatccctcccctccctag
>gene_28021|repa, partial
atggaaccgatagagcttcgggtaccgcctattgatgagaatgtttttaggcagaaaaaggcagaggggtatgctgatgatgttatccagtattaccatgtagaggacttcactgggaaagttaggaacttctttgacaagtccgaggtattgaaaaagcatagtgtagggcatgagctgtcctattatgattttatggatatggtatatcccgaagtggaagaactgcttgttgtgactgccaatgatacctacacaagcatgaatgaagatgatttactggaatacatgaaagacagagatgatgtgtatgtttccccatgcactttcatacatggttgttacaagaatgatacttgcaaggacgtacacgcacttgtgatagatattgacaacgtggaagcatctgttatagataacgtgctgaaaaatggcacactggggaacagaatacccatgccgaccattatcacgaacagcggaaacggtctgcacttttactatgtccttgataagaaagtgccatattacaagaagcagagaaagcagttgaatgatatatataggcggttgttcggaattgtaaaaagcaatatctatgcgaaagccgactggcacagccttattcagccattccgattgcctggctctatgacaaagttgggattgttggcggtggcttaccagtttaacgataaatggagaattgaggatttagccaaaagagtaggctttcccgattgtgaatgggatttatccgaaagggaagtgctgacacagcaagagtatagagagcatttgaagaagctgaaagaacgtggggaacttccaaagaaaaaacgcagaaagccaaacatggaacgcagagagggcttgcaaggattttatgattacgcactcaaaaggacgtatgcaaagaccgcacagggcaaccgataccgaagcatggttgctttaaccataatcgggtataaagcacgaataccgaaagaagaacttgaacgtgattttgtggagcttgcgaagcactttaacagcataggcactgtttatcgtgaaaaggaaatcaagaaagcccttagaacctataatgttaaagcggataaagtaagaagtgaagtgttagaggaaatgtttgggtgggagtttgaaagaggacgtgaagtggcaaggaagtattccaacaaaccacagagaacccaagccgagcatttgaagtatgctagaatgattaagagagtaaagaaagaaatgggagaaactaaagcagagggcagaccgagcaagcaacagatagttgcggactggcagagggaacaccccaccggtaagaagatagattgtgaaagggaaactggattgagccgacacaccgtgttgaagtggtgggataaagcagagctttaa
>gene_22429|replication protein RepB, partial
ttggctacggaagaaaaaagtaaaaatgatgaaattaagatggatgctactgttaagacagcagtaaacaacaacagtatcacgactaaagcaaggtactgggttgcggttggatggacagagaatatgcgtccggactggcaggataggatagatacgatattacagttgccgtttgcgtatgttatccatgacaaggatgtggattctaaaggtcagcccagaccggttcacgtccacattattcttgctttcaatagtccgacgacatataaaaacgcaatgagcgtttttaaatcgttggaaattgacggcaagatagcttttaatactgcctttaaggtcaatcatatccgtaacatgtatgattatattatacatgcgacggatgatgcaaaacgcaagcgtaagcatctgtatgatgcgacagagcgtatttgcggtaacggttttgatattggcaactatgaacagatttcgcaggctgataaggacaggatgctggacgaactggaagatgtgatttttgagcgtaggttcattagctatgggcagtatttcatgtacgttaagaatcatatgactgcagagcatcggaagattctgcggtcgtatagcagccatttggaacggttggtcaggagtaattatgttgagttagagcgtgctcgtaagttggatgatggagacgtaccattatag
>gene_5667|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgatttttttgcatgtagaaaaagaaaaatacaatgaagcattagttaagttaaggcatgacctgcgacagtctaaaacctataaaaatcaagacatagatttaagcagatcatgctataactacacatttaatgattgggatccaatcgataaatttaaaaaccgcatagaccaggtatatatctacgggaaaaacggcaaaaacaaagataatataaattacctatgttctattgttgttcaatatcctaaagattgcccgatttcggaagataatttttttaaaaaaattgtaggcatttttttaaattattttggttctgaaaatgttattagtgcggtagttcataaagacgaaataggacaatcgcatttgcatttcaagtttgttcctgtcgtaaaaatggataaacctaaaaatggttatacggaaaaactatgtgctaaagaagttgtaaatcgtgaaatgttaaaaacatttcatgaagacgtcgaagcagaattttatagatgctatggcattaaattgtcgttaagaagacaacaacagcgccaatatgtaaataacatctatgaatacaaggaattaagacaaaaatataatcaattagtagatatgtataacaatgcgctgaccaaggtggtaagtctgaaggattatatagattatcaaaaatcaaaggaaaggactagtagatga
>gene_19188|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcggaagaaaattggagcgttatccgagtggagaaaatctccgcagagggagcgcagaaaaccgagcgacacaatgagcgcaagaatgaaagttacgcaaatctcaatgtggacaccgagcaaattgcccgcaatgttcacttcaaggacaccggcggtctgacctacaatgaatatttccagcggctcattgatgatggcaaaatctctacaagaggacagaaagccggtgcaaccattttcaatgagttggtcattgatgtgaacacaaggtactttgaggaacacggcggctacgaatacgccaagcagttctacgaggaagcctaccgcttcggctgtgagatttacggcgaggacaacatcgtgtcggcagttatgcacgccgatgaaattaacaaggcggtgtccgaggaactgggtaagccggtttatcactaccacctgcacatcgtggcaatccccaccgtccgaaaagaaattctgtggtcgaaacgctgcaaggatgaagctctgagggggacggtcaaggaggtcatcaaccaagtttcccactcaaaaaagtggaagaacaccgtccctctgctggacgaaaacggacagcagcttatcagcaaatacggaaagcctgtgttccgtaagtcctattccgtactgcaagacaagctgtttgagcatatgaccgaagcgggcttcactggctttgagcgaggtgtattaggcagcacagcggagaatctgagcagcctggattatcaaattcagaaggataaggaaaggcttgccgacattcaggaacgcattgaagccgagcaggtacgctatgagcctgctcacgaagtccacaagacgatggcagcgattgaggaaatggggcagaaaaccctcaccggcaagattgccgtttccaaggacgattatcagcagcttacggcacttgccaaggagggcatcacaagccgcagcgaaatccaagatttgaaaagcagcgtttcctactatcaaaggcagtatttcaatgcgtcctctgccgtggagcgattgcaggaacgctatgaccggctcaaagaaaaatgcctgccgttcttgcaggcactggaacacttcccgcaaggcgatccgggtgacggcaagagtaagctgatgctttcccttgccgctttgctttccaagggagatccgcttccctttgcagacgaggaggaacataccgagccgatgaccgtcatctatcagaccaccgaggacgacgcagacgataccgttgtgccgagatttaattcggcaggcggtgatggcgaccgactcatcttcatcaaggaggacgaaaagagcctgaccttcggggacgaccgtatccgtgaagccgtggagaagtacaacgccaagctgctgatcctcgacccgatgagttcgtatatcggcggcgactgctcgatgaacaacgccaacgaaacgagagccgagttcaaccacctgattgccgttgccaaggacaccggctgcgccatcgttatcatcgctcatatgaataaggcgaaggacaccagtcccctctaccgcaccaacggctctatcgacattgccggtgctgcaagaagcattcttgccgtcacacgcacggcgaataagcagaaccccgctgagcgttatctggtgcaggtcaagagcaatcttgcgccgatgggctcggctattctatttgaggtggccgacaagggcgtgaactttcttgatgagctggagctgagtgcggaggacgctttctctgcttctgctccgaggatgggcagacccaatgaccgtgaggaagcggcaacggattttatccgttccctgctgtcgggcggaagacggctggcttccgattgcgaagcaaagcttgaagccgcaggcttcaagaaatcaacctacaagaagtccaaaaagaaagcc
>gene_20657|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaacatcatttacgtatcaagaggatacgcaaacattaattggtcaaagaccaagggaacttattgacaaggagactggcgaagttattcttgttgaccaaatcacaaagagaatttacgggaccaaggcattttggaaagtttatctcgcagacttcctgcaaattttaggaatcttcgattcaagacaactggacgtttttatttacatagtgtctcataccgacccaggcaccaacgtatttttaggc
>gene_52907|replication protein, partial
atgatgtccgcgctctcgcatatcgccgcagatggccgcaaagtgaacgcggccatgcttaccctcactatcgaaaatgtacccgctgaggggctgtcagatgccatcaacgcaattattgatgcctggtcgcggcttcgtaagcgtaagccctggcttacctgggtcgatggctacgctcgttctatcgaaatcacaaaaggcaagcgcggataccatccgcatatgcatatattcatcatatggaaggatggatacaaaaaacacataagccagcgggaaatatgcgacctgtggcgggcggcgctccgcgccgattatactcctgtctgcgacattcgttccgcttatgccagcggcgccgccgctgacccatacgcggacgaatggaataaggttatttccgcggctgtcgaagcgactaaatatgccctgtcgggcaaagttacccatggcatcagcgacccgaacgagctcgccgcgctcgcccttgctgtgcgcgggcggcgtttgctcgcctatggcgggattatcgctgatgcccgggcggccctcaatttctctgatgatgatatggctgcagatgtaggcgagatgactatcgaatgcccgaagtgcggcggtgcaatgattgccctggcttacgaatggtgtgcgggcggctatctactcggcctactcccttcatgtcccaggtga
>gene_55198|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgatgtcctcgctttcgcatatcgccgcagatggccgcaagctgaatgccgccatgattacccttaccatcaaaaatgtacccgctgaggggctgtcagatgccctcagcgcgatacttgatgcctgggcgcggcttcgtaagcgtaagccctggcttacctgggttgatggctacgccaggagcatcgagataaccaaaggcaagcgcggataccatccgcacatgcatatattcattctgtggaaggatgggtacaagaagcacataagccagcgggaattatgcgacctgtggcgggcggcgctccgcgccgattatactcctgtatgcgacattcgttccgct
>gene_51583|Replication protein
atgatgtcctcgctttcgcatatcgccgcagatggccgcaagctgaatgccgccatgattacccttaccatcaaaaatgtacccgctgaggggctgtcagatgccctcagcgcgatacttgatgcctgggcgcggcttcgtaagcgtaagccctggcttacctgggttgatggctacgccaggagcatcgagataaccaaaggcaagcgcggataccatccgcacatgcatatattcattctgtggaaggatgggtacaagaagcacataagccagcgggaattatgcgacctgtggcgggcggcgctccgcgccgattatactcctgtatgcgacattcgttccgcttatgacagcggctctgccgccgacccatacgcggacgaatggaataaggttctttccgcggctgtcgaagcgactaaatatgccctgtcgggcaaagtaacccatggcatcagcgaccctaacgagctcgccgcgctcgccctggctgtgcgcgggcggcgtctgctcgcctatggcgggattatcgctgatgccagggcggctctgtgcttccaggatgatgatgttgcgtccgatgtgggtgaaatgactatcgaatgtccaaagtgtggcggggctatgattggcctggcttacgaatggtgcgcgggcggctatctg
>gene_3774|Replication protein
atgatgtccacgctctcacatatcgccgcagaaggacgcaagctgaacgcggctatgattaccctgactatcaagaatgtacccgctgaggggctgtcagatgccatcagcgcgatactcgccgcatggtcgcggctgcgcaagcgtaatgcctggactaagtgggtagatggatatgcccgctccatagaaatcaccaagggcaaaaacggataccacccgcatatgcacatcttcataatatggcgggatgggtatgataagaatataagtcagcgtgacttatgcaacctgtggcgggcggctctgcgcactgattacacacctatatgtgacattcgctcagcttatacaagcgacaaagcagctgatccatacgcggatgaatggaatcgagtaatgtccgcagccatagaagcgaccaaatatgccctatccggtaaggtaacccatggaatcagcgacccgaatgaactcgctgctcttgcccttgctgtgcgcgggcgacgcttacttgcctatggcgggattatcgctgatgcaagggctgcccttaacttttctgatgatgatactgctgctgatgtgggcgaaatgactattgaatgccctaagtgcggcggcgcaatggtgggacttgcttacgaatggagcgcgggcggctatctgctcggtcttcttccttcatgtcccaagtga
>gene_27080|Rep
atgttagcaacggtcaaaaagcagatcgccgtgtttggctgggcaagatccgtagaaatcacctacaatgagcagacttatacttttcatccccattatcatatcattatattgctcgatccagccgccgacgaaggacggtgccgtgcatactttcacaagaaatggagccaagcgtggaaagaagactacgacccgataacagactatcgcgagatctccgcagaaaaaacagatatcgaccagccagactttaccgccgcgatcctggagacctacaagtacgcggtaaaatcggacgatatcgcaaatatgcctacctcgatctttcgtcagttggtgctttcgatcagcggcgcgcgacttgtcgcgtttggcggcataatcaaagacactcggcgtctcctggcgttcaaagaagacgaagacccagacgagccagcgcgcgagatctgcgattgcggcgcgccactccaagcggcacttctccgctggagttttgaggaaggaatgtacaagaagatgtcaacgcactttgaaggatccgcgatcgcggcgtatatgtga
>gene_32593|Protein rep
atggatgtgttgcagacacagggctatgtgtttctgtttttgacgctgactattcggaaccggcccggtggggacctgccggacgctgtgcaaacgctgtttgatggctggcgtcagatgtaccatgagaacaggatttttaggaagacgatttgcgggacgttccgctcgttggaggtgacgcggaaccaggacacaggggagtatcacccgcatttgcacgtgattttagctgtgcgaccggactattttgcagggcggaactaccttactaaggcccgatggaaggcgatgtggagggaatgcgcggccctggactatgacccgcaggttgatatccgccgcatcaagccgagaataggcgtgggtggaactcccgatctgtccggagctgtggccgaggtgagcaagtacgccgtgaagtcggcggattaccttggcggagatatggatgaaatggtagcctatgtgtccgattacttgatggccttggccgggcggcggctgtgtgggtttactggcgtgtttggccgagtgcgaagggagctggctcttgatgatgtggaggacggcgatctcgtgcatgtggacggtggcggcatccgggaggatgtagcgtacatgatagtaaaataccactggcgagcgggcgtgtacgtccgggagatagccggtgggagcggcgtgccggaggcatga
>gene_31917|RepXfC
cgcctcaccggctacggctacgcgatcaccctcaccgtggccacgacgccgccctctgccgtcgcctggcacaaggtccgcatcgcctggatcaagcgcctccagaggaccgggatgacgcggctgcattgggtggtcgagtggcagcagcgcgggactccgcacctgcacattgcggcctactgggaccacgagctcacgcccctcgagcgcgctcggatcgtcatcgcctggctcgaggtcgcacgcgacttcggccccggttgggggtcgcagctcgtaaaacccgtcactggtgtgaccggctggttcgagtacatgacgaagcatgcttcacgcggtctgaagcactaccagcgcgccggcatccccgccggctgggagacctcgggccggctctggggctacgtcggcacctggcccgtcgagccaccgattgagatcaccgcggcgcccgcgatcggtcctcggttccggcgcctcgtgtgcgcctggcgtgtcgctcaggcacgtgccgcgctgcagcgctcgatcgcctacgacgagagcccccagcgcctcgcccagcgccgcgccgcgcttgtcttcgcacgccgctcctcacgggtcgctccggacggttggcgctaccccggtcagtccgagggcatccccgaacacgtcggcctccgcctgctcgacgctgcgatgagtcactga
>gene_1190|Replication initiation protein
atgtctctgcaaagacaaaaaaaaaaccaaactcttgaaaaaaatgaggtactcaaaaaaatggcaaccgaaaaaaaagacggttcagaccgtactcgcaattggactttcttggtttatccggaatctgctccaaaaaattggattgaaaaacttacagaacagcaagttcctttcatcgtttccccacttcatgacaaagatgtgactccaacgggagaacccaaaaaaccgcattggcacgttgttttggtgttc
>gene_508|Replication protein repB
gaatctgctccaaaaaattggattgaaaaacttacagaacagcaagttcctttcatcgtttccccacttcatgacaaagatgtgactccaacgggagaacccaaaaaaccgcattggcacgttgttttggtgttcggtagtgtaaaatcatacgaacaggcaaaagaactcactgagagcgttttaggcaccattccagagcgtgttaaagacattcgggcgatggtcagatatttgactcacattgattatccaagcaaagcacagtatgacaaaaatgacatcggactttatggcggtgtcgacatagatttagacgcctattttctgacgaagtcagatctaaaacagattaggcgagaaatgtttgattttttaatcaagaacgaagtgaccgaaatttgtgatttggttgactatgctcgggagttccgtcctgattggtatgaccaacttgtaatgtctgattactttatgtcgcagatgataacttcaagacggcacaagaaagaaaagctgccgccaccgaccacagatgccacgaatgtggcaaagctcgtagacgagctttaa
>gene_16538|Replication protein repB
gctccaaaaaattggattgaaaaacttacagaacagcaagttcctttcatcgtttccccacttcatgacaaagatgtgactccaacgggagaacccaaaaaaccgcattggcacgttgttttggtgttcggtagtgtaaaatcatacgaacaggcaaaagaactcactgagagcgttttaggcaccattccagagcgtgttaaagacattcgggcgatggtcagatatttgactcacattgattatccaagcaaagcacagtatgacaaaaatgacatcggactttatggcggtgtcgacatagatttagacgcctattttctgacgaagtcagatctaaaacagattaggcgagaaatgtttgattttttaatcaagaacgaagtgaccgaaatttgtgatttggttgactatgctcgggagttccgtcctgattggtatgaccaacttgtaatgtctgattactttatgtcgcagatgataacttcaagacggcacaagaaagaaaagctgccgccaccgaccacagatgccacgaatgtggcaaagctcgtagacgagctttaa
>gene_13423|Plasmid recombination enzyme type 2
atgagctgcgaagctgcgtccgatccaaaaattttttggagtaccgttgacggattttttttgtggagtacactctccaaagccaaagtagaggggagcaataaaggggaagtgcagaggggaacgctcgccccacggagtgccctcggagagcacacactttacggaacttgtgaagtaaagtatagtatgctatactttacttatcacggtgagaagaatttcagagaggtggtaaagcaaatgagcaagtgtgcggtacacatgatgaagatgaaaatgggggcaatgggaggaatacagagccacaaccagagggagcatgaaagcaagaagaacaaagaaatagattacagcaaatccgaacaaaactatgatgttctgcttgatgaaagaataaactatcagagggcggtaaaagagagaatagcggaactcaatctcaagagggcggtcagagcggatgcggtggtgtactcttcgtttatcgtatcctctgacagagagttcttctatggcttgggatatgatgaacacatcagaaaaagcaatgaagttgagagtgtggcactcggacttaccccgattacagagtttgagtattgcagtgaggaatataagagccagtgcatagcagagggttcaagacgctttttcgaggacgctacggagttcttctgtgaccgatacggcaaggaaaatgtcataaatgcaacggttcacatggacgaagccactccgcatatgcacataggcgttgtgccagtcacgaaagacggcagattgtccgctaagacgctttttacaccgttagagttaaaacagttgcagacggactttgcaaggcttgtaggggcaaaatacgggcttgagagaggtgttgagggtagcgaggcgacccaccttgacgaagtgacattcaagctgaagcagaggacggagcaagtcgaggcactggaagagcaagtgcagaagctgaaccgtgagaagtcggaactggaaagggataatgcgaacctgtctaaaagcgttgagaatgccctagaaagggttaaaaaccttacggagcagaataatacacttgaggacaaaataagtgtcctagaggctaaaaaagacgctttagaggcagacgagcaagtgcttgtaaccaaattcttggagcaaccgcaagtgaagagcctatttgagcggttcaaggaactgtggcaagcggaaatggagcggagaaaagaaaagcgtgaggaacggcaagccactcgccaagagaagagggaaagcgtactcggttcactggcatattatgagcaaaagatagcagaacgaaagcaacaaggcggtagcggtctatttggagaacggcagaataacaagaccaaaacggacagagggcgtgatgacagatag
>gene_32263|Replication protein
atgtgttcttggaggcgcagcctcaagacacatagtcacattacgaagatacttgcagcagctccggaggagttgcgctacatcatggtcacgctaacgctgcggaactgctccggtgaggagctgtccggaactctggacaagcttatcagcgggtttactgctctgactaggcgtaagagggtcgcagcagcatggcgagggtggtatagaggtgtcgaagtcacgcataacgtgcgcgaagataccttccatccgcatattcatgcgcttgttgcagtcaacaagcggtacttcaagaatgcggagtacatatcgcaagcggagcttgcggagctctggcgcgactgctgcggtctggactatgacccggttattgatgtccgtaagtgctacggacagtccgtgcacgcggtgtccgaggtggcgaagtacaccactaagacggcggatatcgtcaacttcgacgactgggacttgactgtacagacattgcaggtacttgataaggctttcgatcgcaggcggttcatagcctacggcggagaatttaagcgactgcataaggcgcttaacctcgacgacaccgaggacggcgacttaacggacataggagagagcgaggacaagaccgccgaggacgcaccggaactgttcttcttctggcatacaggatacgcgaggtacgtcaaatga
>gene_17111|Rep protein
gtcgcaggaaatgtaatcaccgtgaagcagtatgagcacctgaacgtggagaacggcggaaatcggtatgatgaggatttggagcgaggaagcggtgcggacaaagagcataactacgccaatactcaaaaggcacggcgtgaagccgtgcgaaatttgacaactgcgaatttcgataatacaagcaagttcgtaacgctcactttcggcaacgtggactttgatttttccgatgtcaaagcctgcaacaaggcgttcaagaggttcattatgcgtctgaaatacagatacccagacctgcaatatctcgccgtcattgagttccaagagcgcggagcagtccactatcacatgatttgcaatctcccctatgtcaaaaaatccgaactcgcgcggatctggggctatgggttcgtaaaaatcaatgcgatcgacaaggttgataacgtgggtgcgtatatcagcaagtacatgaccaaagacctcgacgatacgcgattgcagggactaaaggcgtatcagtactccagaacgcttcagaagcccgtagaattgacgaattggcatgagggggatatggataccctgcaaagcgtagaagcgctcataagcgaaatgacgccctcgtatgaggcaacatacgagagcggcaacgctggacgcattacatacgcccaatacaaattgacgaagtga
>gene_16821|RepB protein
atgatagaaatgccaaaacaaggaaccttaatcgcaggtattccctttgataaaaaccgtcgcggtcagtattgggtttttgtagtttatccagatagtgcccctgctgactggcaagaaaatctctcaaaacaagttgagtttgtggtttctcctctacacgataaagatttaacagcagcaggagaaccaaaaaaagcacattatcatgttttatgtgtgtggcctaatgcaacaacttggaacaatgcttttagtttttgcaatatgctaaattgtccttgttgtattccttgcagtaatttgcgattacagtatgattatttaacacataaaaacgaccccaataaagcacaatacagtgaatcagacattaagtgctttaatggtttttcaatcgctaaatatataaatcttacagcacaagaagtcacaacagctttaactaatgtaaccaaattatgcagagatttgcaaataacagaatatagcgatttgattttttacttactcgataacgagatgtacaatgagttagatgttgcacagcgacacactatttatttaactgctttgattaaaggcatttggagaacatctcaccgttatacaatagacccagcaactggcgaagtattagacattaccaacaccccaaacaaaaaattaaatgaggaggtagttggtaatgaatga
>gene_27083|RepB protein
atgatagaaatgccaaaacaaggaaccttaattgcaggtattccctttgacaaaaatcgccgcggtcagtattgggtttttgtagtttatccagatagtgcccctgctgactggcaagaaaatctcgcaaaacaagttgagttcgtggtttctcctctacacgataaagatttaacagcagcaggagaaccaaaaaaagcacactatcatgttttatgtgtgtggcctaatgcaacaacttggaacaatgcttttagtttttgcaatatgctaaattgtccttgctgtattccttgcagtaatttgcgattacagtatgactatttaacacataaaaatgaccccaataaagcacaatacagtgaatcagacattaagtgctttaatggtttttcaattgctaaatatataaatcttacagcacaagaagtcacaacagctttaaccaatgtaacaaaattgtgcagagatttgcaaataatagaatatagcgatttaattttttacttactcgataacgagatgtataacgagttagatgttgcacagcgacacactatatatttaactgctcttataaaaggtatttggagaacatcttaccgttatacaatagacccagcaactggcgaagtattagatattacaaacaccctaaaagaaaaacttaatgaggaggtagtttgtgatgaataa
>gene_6114|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
atgaccgtcacgatgcgtcattcgaggaaggacagcttggaagacctgctcgaggtcatgagcgctgcatggcgtaagactgcaagtggttcgccttggagacgctggaaagaggaactggggctggtcggtttcgtgaaggctttggaaatcacgtacggcgatgcgaacggctggcatccccactttcacgtcctggggttgctggacgaaaagccaagcgagggtcttgtgaacgagttcgccgacttcctgttcaagaggtggtgtgacaagctatccacgctcacggatgcttcccacctccccaacagggaacacggcgtggatgtccaagtggcggacgagaacggcaaggtgcttggcatctacgtgagcaaggtcatggacatcgccgccgagattagttgcgccgatgcgaaggacggacggagacccgagcattacaaccccttccagctgctcgacatcacggagccgtgggcggaagcccgctggcgtgagtatgtcgaggcgaccaagggaaagtggtcgatttacttcagtaggggtctccgcgatgagctcggcttggatgcggacaccgacgaccagactgccttgcaagccgagttagcagacggggttcatgaggtggctggacgtatctcgtctgatgtctacgacagtatcgtcgcccacgacaggtgggtc
>gene_8786|Replication protein (Fragment)
gtgaaaacggaaaaaaatcaagagttaattcttgaagatattggaaaaaatggcaaggataggaactggcgaggtcgtaagattatgagcttgaagttggcagatgtctttgaagatttaggttatcgtgaaaagttggttgaacgggttcggacttgtggcgactatttgcgatttattcaactgcctgatgatagtttgaaattatatcaagcctatttttgcaagaataaactttgtccgatgtgtgcttggcgacggtcgatgaaatatgcaggtcagttgtctagaataattgatgtggcaatcgagcgttatccaaaaggtcgatttttgttcttgactttgacggttaagaatgtcgaggggaaagatttagataaaactttgagagagttgacaaaaggttttaatcgcttatttaagtataaaaaagtggcaaaaaatgtgattggtggtgttcggtctgtcgaggtaacagttaaggaagaagatggcactttccaccctcatattcattgcttgttaatggttagacctagttattttagtggacgaggagataattaccttaatcaaaaagaatggtctgaactgtggcaaaaagcgatgaagttggattataatccgattgtcgatgttcgagccgttaaagatactggtaaaggtatcagaggggcagttttagaaacg
>gene_2852|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgccaaagcatatcgatgtagctcgtgcaaaagataatgtgacgctcgttgatattccgctttggcgggcatacaatgatttatttagcaaagccatagaggagtataatgctaatcagaagcgagcggatcgaaagtataagggaaatgctcagacatatttaaaagaggtacaagctgaaaaaggcgagatggcgcgcaaagccttctatgaaacttttgtgcaaatcggcgatcggaaggataccggtctgcacgattgcgagcaagaaaaaaaagcgctgcttaaatttatacgggaatttgagaagcgcaatcccaatttgaaagtcattggggcatacattcacgctgatgaaactaacggaacgctccacgcccatatcgattggataccggttgccaaaggatacaaaagaggctttccggtgcagaacggattgaagaaagctctagaacagcagggatttattggtaagagcaaaaaatacaatgcttatttaggttggcaggagagtgagagggaggccctcagagaaatctgtaaggaatttggcattgagccggctccaagcaaaggcgaaaatagagcttggctggataaagaaacttatatcgcgcaacaaaaattagaggagctccttgctcagattgagcctttggcagcatacattgatagtcttgtttatcaa
>gene_39663|Plasmid replication protein
atgggcgaaaagaaatcaagtgtaaagaaacggaattgggcgtttttcgtttatccaacaaaagaacaactttctgctattggttccaattatgatggttctgatggatatggtagtgttccggatgattggagaatgcaattacagctttctggcttacagtttgctattagtcccttgcacgataaagatttactagaagatggttccggtaagacgaaaaaaccgcattaccatgtgattgttatctacggtagtcctaccacttataacaatgtcaagtccttaactgatagtctcaattctccaataccgcaggctcttgaacaggtacgtggttattatcggtatttgacccataaagataacccagagaaatttcagtatgatgaacgtgaaattttctgtggtggtggatttaatattgctgactttatcgaactttctaaaagtgaagtttctgagataaagttcaaacttcaaacgttaatccgtgaaaatggcatgactgagtatgttgattttatggattatgtaatggataattttgaccggaattattacgatgttgcgagcagtcatactattttcttcaatacttacttacgttctcgccgacatcggcttagttctgaatctgcgcaatctgttccggcttgcaatgaatggggggaagttctatga
>gene_15409|Plasmid replication protein
atgggcgaaaagaaatcaagcgtcaagaaacgaaactgggcgtttttcgtctatcccaccaaagagcagcttgcagccattggttccgaatatgacggctctgatggttacggtagtgttccggatgattggagaacaaggcttcagctctccggcctgcagtttgccatcagccccttgcatgataaggatttgctggaagatggttctggaaagacgaagaaaccgcattaccatgtgattgttatttacggcagtcctaccacttacaacaacgttaagagtttaaccgatagcttaaactctcctatcccgcaggctcttgagcaggtgcgtggttattaccgatatttaactcataaagacaacccggagaaattccagtatgatgaatctgaaattttctgtggtggtggctttaatattgccgattttatcgaactttcaaagagtgaagtttccgagataaagttcaaattacaggctttaattcgtgaaaaaggcatgactgagtatgtagattttatggatttcgtcatggataattttgaccggaattattacgatgttgcaagcagtcatacgatttttttcaattcttacttacgttctcgccgtcatcggcttgagtctgactccgggcaatctgccccggcctgtaatgaatggggggaagttctttga
>gene_28772|Putative replication protien
atggcaaccaaaacacacatgactccaattcagatttatagggcgaaaaatacttatctctctgaaagatttcaggaattgactcctgctgagttttataaagccatctttccgccagaaactttagagaaaaaaggcgatgactcttatagagccagcaatccgattttttcttataaggttagggatggcgaaaaagtatattttcaaaatcagattgtatttgccgatacatttgatgaaagtctcaagaagacagagaagaatgaccttgcactttgtgcgatgattacctactctggccgtaaaaagtcagccaaaaatgcttacaaatgtatgggtttttgcattgaccttgacggtgtcggagtaaaacagttagaaaatctgtttggccaagtggaatggctggaaaaagttccatggcctacctatattgcgaatagcgggcatggagtccatgtatattatatttttcaagttcctgttcctttatatcctcaagtggtgcagcacctgcagaacctcaagcgaggtctgaccgagcttgtttggaacagggatacatcttcctacaaaccgaaagaaaggcagtatcagggtatttatcagtctttcagaatgccaggaagccgaaccaaactgggacagggaacttccagaaataagtatttggttaaggtctggaagattggcaagccgtgttctctggaatacctgaatggttttgtagaaaaaaagtatcgttgtcccgtcaatcccgattatagttcttgggattgggctgacgagggccattacagccttgaagaatgcagacttctttatcctgattggtatgagaaacgaattatcaagggcgagccgactggccaatggaaatgtaatcggggtttatatgattggtggcttaataaaatacaagaaggaaaaaacgcaaaggacggaaaccgtttcttttgtattgcattcctttatgtctatggcgttaagtgtatgattgataaaagtctgattgatgccgatgctatggaacttttagatccatttaatgatttgacaaaggaagggtctgacaatcattttacaatagaagacattcacgcagcagccaaatggtatgaccgaagatttgcgaaaataacccgtggttttattgagttcaaaacggggattcctattccaacggctcgcagaaatggcagaacaagaaaagaacatttattgcgagccagagcggttagagatgttgtaaatgataactggcgagaagggaatggccgtcctgacaaaaagaatattgttcaggagtggagggctgccaatccttatggcagtaaggccgattgtatgcgggaaacagggatttctaaaatgaccgtttataagtggtgggacacttaa
>gene_17850|Putative replication protien
atggcaaccaaaacacacatgactccaattcagatttatagggcgaaaaatacttatctctctgaaagatttcaggaattgactcctgctgagttttataaagccatctttccgccagaaactttagagaaaaaaggcgatgactcttatagagccagcaatccgattttttcttataaggttagggatggcgaaaaagtatattttcaaaatcagattgtatttgccgatacatttgatgaaagtctcaagaagacagagaagaatgaccttgcactttgtgcgatgattacctactctggccgtaaaaagtcagccaaaaatgcttacaaatgtatgggtttttgcattgaccttgacggtgtcggagtaaaacagttagaaaatctgtttggccaagtggaatggctggaaaaagttccatggcctacctatattgcgaatagcgggcatggagtccatgtatattatatttttcaagttcctgttcctttatatcctcaagtggtgcagcacctgcagaacctcaagcgaggtctgaccgagcttgtttggaacagggatacatcttcctacaaaccgaaagaaaggcagtatcagggtatttatcagtctttcagaatgccaggaagccgaaccaaactgggacagggaacttccagaaataagtatttggttaaggtctggaagattggcaagccgtgttctctggaatacctgaatggttttgtagaaaaaaagtatcgttgtcccgtcaatcccgattatagttcttgggattgggctgacgagggccattacagccttgaagaatgcagacttctttatcctgattggtatgagaaacgaattatcaagggcgagccgactggccaatggaaatgtaatcggggtttatatgattggtggcttaataaaatacaagaaggaaaaaacgcaaaggacggaaaccgtttcttttgtattgcattcctttatgtctatggcgttaagtgtatgattgataaaagtctgattgatgccgatgctatggaacttttagatccatttaatgatttgacaaaggaagggtctgacaatcattttacaatagaagacattcacgcagcagccaaatggtatgaccgaagatttgcgaaaataacccgtggttttattgagttcaaaacggggattcctattccaacggctcgcagaaatggcagaacaagaaaagaacatttattgcgagccagagcggttagagatgttgtaaatgataactggcgagaagggaatggccgtcctgacaaaaagaatattgttcaggagtggagggctgccaatccttatggcagtaaggccgattgtatgcgggaaacagggatttctaaaatgaccgtttataagtggtgggacacttaa
>gene_16077|Rep50
atgccgtatgcagacccagagaagcagagagaagcacagcggaaaagcgtagcaaaaagacgagcggagaagaaagctgcgggggttcgcgaggggaatcccgatgtaagggcgcgcgcgtggacgttcatcgtttatccggaatcggctccggagaactggcgggatgtgctggacgggtttcaccttcaatgggcgtgcagcccgcttcacgatcgcgacgtaaacgccacaggagagccgaaaaaggcacactggcacattctcctgtccttcggtggaaaaaagggctacgggcaaatctggagcatttcagaggctattaacggcacacgtccgcaggtctgccaagaccaaaaggcgcttattcggtatttcagccatcgggataatccagagaaggcgcagtacaaggcgagcgacatcgaagctcggggcggttttgacctagaggaatatctaaagccgactgcatccgagtgcatggcgatgcaggatgagatggtcgagtggtgcttgaagtacaacgtgaccgagttccacgtcttgaagatttatgcgattcgtgagcgtccagattggtcggcggaacttagtcgcagctgcttccagattacgcaatacttaaaaagccgccgtcatggcgtagatgtcaaggcttataatcctgagacgggcgagacttacgagtag
>gene_57535|Rep50
atgccgtatgcagacccagagaagcagagagaagcacagcggaaaagcgtagcaaaaagacgagcggagaagaaagctgcgggggttcgcgaggggaatcccgatgtaagggcgcgcgcgtggacgttcatcgtttatccggaatcggctccggagaactggcgggatgtgctggacgggtttcaccttcaatgggcgtgcagcccgcttcacgatcgcgacgtaaacgccacaggagagccgaaaaaggcacactggcacattctcctgtccttcggtggaaaaaagggctacgggcaaatctggagcatttcagaggctattaacggcacacgtccgcaggtctgccaagaccaaaaggcgcttattcggtatttcagccatcgggataatccagagaaggcgcagtacaaggcgagcgacatcgaagctcggggcggttttgacctagaggaatatctaaagccgactgcatccgagtgcatggcgatgcaggatgagatggtcgagtggtgcttgaagtacaacgtgaccgagttccacgtcttgaagatttatgcgattcgtgagcgtccagattggtcggcggaacttagtcgcagctgcttccagattacgcaatacttaaaaagccgccgtcatggcgtagatgtcaaggcttataatcctgagacgggcgagacttacgagtag
>gene_26762|Protein rep
ttgaaggttttcgggcaaacctgcaaggctttggacgcttacgagagcaaaggcaagcacgcttacgcaatgttaactctcacgttgagaaattgtgaagcggacgagctgaaggcttgcattgatggcatgacaaaagcttgggacaggatgacgagaacggcgaaatggaaacgcgttgtactcggttggtatcgtggcaccgaggtcacgcacaaccttgatgccaatacataccacccgcattttcacgtgctgcttgccttccgaaagagctacttcacgtccagatattacatgaagcacgaggaatggcgcgacatgtggaagcaggcgcttcggattgattatgaccccatcgtgagcattgagaagtgttacggaagcaacgctgcagccattgccgaagtcacgaagtacagcacaaaaccagatgattttcttatccctgatgattgggatttgaccgaagaaagcgtacgcgtgcttgatgctgcgcttgaccgaaggcgctttgttgccttcggtggggagcttgcgaaggttcgtcaagagcttgctcttgaggatccagagcaaggcgacctcgtccacgtcgaagacgacgcaagcgcggcagcaagcggagccgttttcacgtatttttggtactctggctatcgtcaatattacggaggtatggagcaggtatga
>gene_14126|recombinase, partial
atggctgttggaatttgcagatgcgcgaagattgccggggcttctggtggcgcaggtgcttatcttcatgatgagcgaaagaaagaacatagtaacacgaatcccgatatagatttcagtcgatctgatcagaatttcagttttggaaagtatgatcagcgaatgaattataatcaacgagcagaaaagcgcattgccgagggttacaccggcaaaagggcagttcgcaaggatgccgtgaaaatggtcgagttccttttcacggcatctgatcaagaattttttgaaagccaggacaaaaggcacgcttacttgaaagcgtcctataactggctttgcgatcggttcggcaaagaaaatgttatcgctgatacggtgcatttggacgaaaagacggatcacatgcatgcggttatcgttcctttgacgaaagacggcagactgtcggcaaaagaggttttaggcggtccaaagaagatgcaggaacttcaagatgacttttacaagaaagttagtagccgttttgggctggatcggggcgagcgtgcagatctgcaagacgagaaccgggaacgaaaaaagcatgtgccgcagttgcagtttaaacagcagacattggctgctgttacaaaggagttagacgaaaaagaagatcttttgcaggattgcaaatatgaacttgattttgctcgacagcaaacagacgacatgaagcaggaacttcaattactttcagaacgtacagagaatgcccgtaaagagagtttagaggttcaagcggagatttccgcgctgaaactccaaaaaacgcatttagagggcgctgtggaacaattaggagaaaaaacgaaaggacttgaagcaagcgcagacatggcttcagaacgcctccagaacgccgaggatagtcttttaaaggttcagacagatatagttgtcctgaagcgtgaaaaagagggtttagagggttctgtgggcattttacgaaagcagcgaagcgcgtacactaacggatggacggacgcgaagggagtgcatccgggaatagagcagctgcagcaacagcgcaatgcgctgatcagcagcatcgagaacgcaagaaagacgcttgacagtctttcggactcgataaaactaacaatcagcaatatattcaatgatgtgcagcggcggctgcgcagcgcaagagaagcagccgcgctcatgcctgatcatgcaacagttcgggtaaacccgatgctagatcaggcagagaacgtcggccgcctgcaggctgacgctcatctgcagaaagggttggctgatccagtaaagaaaaagatctccgagacggtagaaagtaccgcttcggagattgcaaaagaagttccgcagttcgtgcgtcaccggcgccgggggcgttaa
>gene_20809|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaattaaatcaagggtattcaatgttatgcaatatgaatatcatcctgatacgggagaacctttattatcagaggataagataaaggatgcacttaaccataggactatatcacgttgggcttatacatatcacgacaaggatgtttacagtgcattggatgaagaacaagaccctaaccacgttaaaggtatgacgaagcctccgcattggcatatcgtaatagagtgtaagaacaatgcaacagaagtaacagtaatagccaagtggttaggtattccgatgaacttcgtaaatgttgccaagggagcaggtgcgtttttagactgcgtaacatatttaactcacgaagatgccaagcaacaggcattaggtaaggttttataccctgacgatgaaataaaggctaatttcgactttagacagtgtttatcacagagagcagaacgcaagttaaggtatggcaaggacttgaatgataaagatgccgttcgtaacgaagtgttatatcacggaatgacgcttcggcaggtcgttgataaatatccgttgctttatcaagaggatttcacaacacttgaaaagttgagattgcgttatatctcaaatatttccgagatgccaagaccgagaatgaattactatgtcgaaggtgcaggcggtatcggaaaaggtcttatctgcaaagcaatagcaagagcaatagtagacaaggaaggtaatatgagggatgatgatatcttctttgaggtcggagcagataagacaagctttgaaggatatgacggacaacctgttttgatttggaatgattgcagagcaggaacattacttcacaagttaggcggtagagaaaacgtgttcaatgtttttgacccgttcccacctgatattaaacagaatatcaaatacggttctatccgtctttgcaatgttatcaatatcgttaattctgttcagccttggtcggagttccttgatggtcttgcaggtgaatacattgacaagaacggagaggaacagaaggcagaggacaagtcacagagttacagacgttttccgttcttcctggtacttcacgaagatgattataccctgggaatgaacaagggactttttaacggaacacgggagtttgatgattttataatttacagtggactgcgtggcaatatgaggaagattgcagacaagtgcggagacaattatgtattgtataatgcagttacgaagcaggctgttttgcctgttcagcaaaagcatacggagatgcttgaaaggttatcacatcatcaacagggtactgatgcggagatatgggaagaatttaaggatgtaggcacgcaggacccgaacaagattaacgatatgtcttggaaacacacgaaaggagataattga
>gene_19681|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaattaaatcaagggtattcaatgttatgcaatatgaatatcatcctgatacgggagaacctttattatcagaggataagataaaggatgcacttaaccataggactatatcacgttgggcttatacatatcacgacaaggatgtttacagtgcattggatgaagaacaagaccctaaccacgttaaaggtatgacgaagcctccgcattggcatatcgtaatagagtgtaagaacaatgcaacagaagtaacagtaatagccaagtggttaggtattccgatgaacttcgtaaatgttgccaagggagcaggtgcgtttttagactgcgtaacatatttaactcacgaagatgccaagcaacaggcattaggtaaggttttataccctgacgatgaaataaaggctaatttcgactttagacagtgtttatcacagagagcagaacgcaagttaaggtatggcaaggacttgaatgataaagatgccgttcgtaacgaagtgttatatcacggaatgacgcttcggcaggtcgttgataaatatccgttgctttatcaagaggatttcacaacacttgaaaagttgagattgcgttatatctcaaatatttccgagatgccaagaccgagaatgaattactatgtcgaaggtgcaggcggtatcggaaaaggtcttatctgcaaagcaatagcaagagcaatagtagacaaggaaggtaatatgagggatgatgatatcttctttgaggtcggagcagataagacaagctttgaaggatatgacggacaacctgttttgatttggaatgattgcagagcaggaacattacttcacaagttaggcggtagagaaaacgtgttcaatgtttttgacccgttcccacctgatattaaacagaatatcaaatacggttctatccgtctttgcaatgttatcaatatcgttaattctgttcagccttggtcggagttccttgatggtcttgcaggtgaatacattgacaagaacggagaggaacagaaggcagaggacaagtcacagagttacagacgttttccgttcttcctggtacttcacgaagatgattataccctgggaatgaacaagggactttttaacggaacacgggagtttgatgattttataatttacagtggactgcgtggcaatatgaggaagattgcagacaagtgcggagacaattatgtattgtataatgcagttacgaagcaggctgttttgcctgttcagcaaaagcatacggagatgcttgaaaggttatcacatcatcaacagggtactgatgcggagatatgggaagaatttaaggatgtaggcacgcaggacccgaacaagattaacgatatgtcttggaaacacacgaaaggagataattga
>gene_21046|Replication protein repB
atggctggaaaatctatgtcaaacactgtaaacacaaaggataacagaacaagaaacttcgcttgtgtagtctatcctgattccgctccttctgattggctggatatcatttctgaatccaaaatccctgtaatgatatccccccttcatgataaggatttcaatccttcaagacttcccaacggagaacccgaaccgaagaaaccgcattatcatgttatggcttgctacgataacaagaagactatggagcaggcaaaagaatttttcgattctttcggtggtgtaggttgtgaagtggtcaattctctccgtggatatgcccgttacctctgtcacttagataatcccgaaaaagcacagtacagcattgacgaagttaaagcgtttgggggtgctgacttcgtttctgctatcggtcttccaacagacaagtacaaggctatcggtgaaatgatggattggtgtacttctgaaaatgtagtttcttatgccgaacttctcatgcatgctagaatgcaccactctgattggttccgtgttctctgtgataatgggactatggtcatgatggaatttctcaaatctcgcaaatgggaaattgacctggctgaacttcagcacagaaaagaaatgcttgattccgttgattcagacggtgttatccatgaaagaggtgctgaaaatgattaa
>gene_15266|Plasmid recombination protein
atgcctaaaagcgtgacggtgaggaatggtgccggcagtcgccgacacaatatccgagactataaagaaatgccggagcatattgataaaagcagaataaaggataatgtggtgcttgtcgataaaccgctgtggcaggcatacaacgagattttttcaaaagcaatcgaggactacaacgccaagcagaccagggcagaccgtaagtatgaaggcggagcccaggcgtacctgaacgagataaaacgagagaagggcgacatggcgcgtaagcctttttacgaaacgtttgtccagatcggcgacagaaaagataccggcattgatagtcagaatgagcgtgaagctcttcttgactacatgaagggcttccaggagaggaacccgaacctgcgtgtcatcggtgcatacttgcacgccgatgagacagacggaacccttcacggtcatattgactgggtaccggtggcgacaacttataagcgaggttttgcccttcagaacggactgaagagagcccttgcggagcagggcttcgaagggacgtgcaaaaagtttaatgcatatctgggttggcaagaatccgagcgccaagcacttcgagacatatgccgtcagcacggcatcgagccggcgcaaagcaaaggcgaaggtcgagaatggcttgacaaagaaacatacatagccaag
>gene_15648|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgactggattgccttttgtggtgtcacccttacacgataaggacatagacccaacaggcgaaccaaaaaaagcacactatcatgtgattttgtgttatggtggtccaactacttttagcaatgtaaaaaagaacataagcgactatttagggcaaccacaccctcaatacttgcaaagtgtaaaaggatactatcgctatttaacacatcaggacaaccccgataaataccaatacgatgcaaaagacattaagtgttttaatggttttaacattcaagactatgagagtttttcaataagtgacgaagatcgttgttttactgctcttgaagaccttattgaacaagagcaaatagaagaatactgcgaccttattttttatttaaagaaaaacggacaacttgaattactttcttttataagaagaaatacatatcacttaaaagaacttattaagtctataagacattcaaactactaccaaaagcaacagtttgaagttgacaaggaaacaggcgaaatcatagaaccaacaaccacaacagaagaaacagaaaatatcccaaaaaatgactaa
>gene_13615|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgatagtacaacaagcatttgacaacttcatattttcgaaacgtattcaaggattggctgacaagtctattgattgttatatgtcatttatcaagccttttatggctcatattggcgcaaattctgatatctctatgataaatcgtgatttagtcaatagttacattgtaacgcttttaaaacgtccaatttcgcgctctactgtggcaacatacattagacacattaaaatctttctgaaatggattgaagatgaatatgagatttgcgtacaatccgaaaaaatcaaagtacctaagacaccaaagaaagtattacacatctataccgaagatgaaattaagcaaatctttagtatggttactgctgatgaagaatggatacgagttcgtaattgctgcataattgctcttatgcttgattctggattgcgtcaaaatgaagtatgtactttagaacgtgcagaaatcaatttccaatcaggtacaatgaaaatctgtggcaagggtaacaaagaacgtattgtgccatttggtaaaatcactcgacattatatgacattatatgataggctatgcccttataatacacctagattccttgtttcacgtcatggtgaaccattaacaccaaatgctgtaaaactatttatgcagaagatttctaaacgtttaccatttccattctcg
>gene_49329|DNA replication protein
atggacctgcgcctcggcggaatggccgagtgctgggaagccatacaggagacaagaaagaaccaggatgtgtcgctgaatgacggcatccagatgctcatccaatctgaaaaggaacatcgggcatccagcaagacggcaaggctcatcaaaggagccaagttccgctacaatgccaccatcgaggagataatcttcgactcggctcgtggtaaggaccgcgacagaatcacacaactggccacctgcgaatatatcaaaaaaggccagtccgttctgattaccggtccgtccggcgttggaaagagctttatgtccacggcgctcggataccaagcctgtctcgctggttacaaggtagcttacttcaacatgaataaactcctcgagaagatgcagctcgctcgcctcgaaagtaaaatctccaagttctttgataaaacagcagacgttgaccttctcataatcgacgactttggaatgaaagtgttagacggacagcagttgcttgacttcatggagctcatagaggaccgtcacgcgagaaaatcgactatcatctcaagccaactgcctgtcggcagctggtacgatgtccttgcgaaaaacgccactatcgccgacgctgtgctcgacagaatggcaaaaacgtcgcatcgcttcgagttgaaaggtgaaagtctgagaaaataa
>gene_26976|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcgaatacgattgtaaaaaagagagactgggccttcattctctaccccgaaagtatgcccgataattgggaggaagttatcgcagaaatcggttgtcctatcgctctcagcccgttgcatgacaaggatacggcttctgagacagatgaagagcaaaagaaggcacattatcatgccattattaggtttgatggtcctacaacctataacaacgtcaaaaacgtgttagagccgttaaatggacctattcctaagcccatcaataacatcaaaggtgcataccggtatttcactcacaaggataatccggagaagttccaatacgatgagaaagacatccgtctgttcaatggattcaatcccgaagatgtcatagaactatcagcatccgagaaaagaagccttcgcgcagccgtccagagattgattgtccaggaagactttcttgagtatagtgacttgatggattacttgcttgataacgacttgatggatatgtacgaacttgcatctacaacaaccatcttctttaacaactacatccaaagccgccgatataagcgacagaacgacgttaagaagaaggctgaggtccttgaacgttcatatcgtcagtatagagaaagggtccttgaggaatccgacccttctgcgtattgggacttagtatgtcctaacaaagaataa
>gene_17238|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgcaaaggcttggaacaccaaatgccaggcataatttagacaatgcgtatcgggcgcatttggataacgtggatccggagttgagtaaatataacgaaacgatccggacgcggtcggttgaggagatttaccagcaggagttgcagcctgcgtttgaagcattcaacgacaggcagaagcgaaaggatcgtcgcctggatgttaaatggagttgtagtacatacctggaatatcaacgggcaatggacgagaaagcacgtgctagtaaaaactccattgatcagaagggtaagccaccgattcgtgagatcgtgtggcagtttggcaatccggagcaaggcttcggttccagggatcagaccgaggagagccgagagaaaattaaggtcatgctgctggaatgccaggcgagagctgaagcaagatatccgcagttagcatggggcgatttgatattccatgccgatgaagtgtcaaccgatgcagaggatcgggaacatggcagccttcatcttcattccagttttacgcctttatgcttcaagaataagcagggcccggatgtgcaggtggcttttgaacgctgcctgcaggagatggggtttgagagcttcactgactggaagcatgatcttgacagcatcatggaagaagtgctgcatgagtatggcatggagcgcacttac
>gene_21178|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgagcaaaacatgtactatatcagcttcaaaagaacctgatgtaaacctcggtcataactaccgagaatttggatctcgcaactggccagcgcacatcgatcaggcaagatctgagatgaacgtggaatatacccaccttaatctcaacgaagtctatgaggatctgtttgcagaatccatcaagaaagctgatgccgagcaaacaaggaaagacagaagactcggatccgcatctgcctacctggacaaggtaacaagatccaagcagcaatcacccgtctatgagcacattctccagtttggagatatgtattctcatggctggaccggagaaaagactcccgaatgggaagaagcttctcagatgctcgacaaagtagccgagaagctaaaggatcgttatccgcagctccaaaccgtctgtatggttaaacatatggacgaagctacaccacatatccattggtcttatgttccctacgccaaggactacaaaaaaggcatgcccgttcgtgtcggcttagataaagccatgcaacaaatgggctataaagcaaatgagcattacaaaacgccttccgaaatgtggttagcagacgtccgcaatgttcttgtgagtgtcgcaaaagagcatggatacacgatagaaagcccggttggcaagactcagcaccagagaatccag
>gene_50440|replication protein
atgaattcagcttggcaacgcctagcacaaactaaacgctttaaaggggtcgttaaaggctttattcgcacaaccgaagttacaaggggtaaagatggcgacatgatggctcacccccatttccatgcgctgttattagttcaaagtaattatttcactacaaattatattaaacaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggcgttaagggtcgattatgccccatcggtcaacgtaaaagccgttaaaccccctaaaaagggtgaaaaggataatctcgataaggcgatatgtgaaacgctcaaatatagcgttaaaccgtctgatattgccaaagatgacgatgggggcgaatggttgcatgaaatgaccagacaaaccctaaatatgcgttttattgccactggtggcattttgaagggcgtacttaaacccgatgagcaagtaacacaacaagaaatgcttacccccactggtgaagatgaagcaccaaccgaacaaaaacggattggatttagattttacccccatcatgggcgttatgttttttcgccagctcatacgaatttttga
>gene_27369|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
atggtatatggttatacaagagtaagccgacagaaaatgagtattgaaagacagataagaaacatattaaaagaatatcccgaagccgtcataattcaagagatattcacaaggacaactctaaaccgcaaagaatggaataagttaatgaaaagaattaaaagcggtgatacgattgtttttgatagtgtttcaagaatgagcggagaagcggaaaaaggatttgaagcatacgaagaattatataatatgggtgttaatcttgtatttcttaaagagccacatataaacacagaggtatataaaaaggctttacaaagtaatattgaattacagggaaataatgttgatttaatcttacagggtgttaatgcttatttaatggaattagcaaaagagcaaataaaacttgcctttatacaaagtcaaaaggaagttgatgatttacaccaaagagtaaaagaaggacttgaaacggcaagaattaacggaaaacaggttggtaatgtaaaagggcagaaatacgaaacaaagaaaagcaaacaggcaaaagaaactattttgaaacattccgcagaattcaacggaaatttaaacgatattgaagttatgaaattaacaggactttcacgaaacacatattataaatataaaaaagaattgaaagaggaaatacaaacaggggcttaa
>gene_33871|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcacagcagcagagcaggcaagagaggggcatactcggcaaagcataatgaccgggcttttgatgcgtcgaaaagtgaccacatcgacatgagcaagacggagcagaatcggacatggtgctgcatcgagggggcgagctttgaagaagcggaaaagatggtctatgagacgctgtatagtgccgccgtcgaagccacaaacgcgcgctatagagcgcaggggcatgctgatagatgccggacggtggaggactggagaaaagacaggttgaagtgtccggaagagatgcttctgcaagtcgggagcgtcaagactggcgcgatagacggtgcgacgctttggcagatgcaggaggagcttgatgccaagatactggagaggtatccggcgtatgcagacgtatgccaggtgctggacatcgcgctgcatatggacgagcaatcgccgcacatccatttgcggcgtgcatggcatacaaaagggcatgatggactggagcgtccgggtcagaacgcagcactggagcagatgggcgtgccgctgcccgatccggcgcagccgcgggggcggcacaataatcgcaagatgtctttcgacgcagaatgtcggcagatgtggtacgacatctgcaaagctcatggcatcgagctggagactgagccgctgccggacggacatcacaaagagacggatgactacaagcgcaggcaagccgctgccgccgccgagcagctgaaaaaggcgttgaaagacgtgcaggaagcccgtagagagcttgagagcattgagggtgataaaagggacactgaagacgctgtggcgcgcctgagagccgcacagcgcgtcctagagggtgctgaggtcgatgtgccgtataaaaaggcacttttgagtgatgctgtgcaggtgtcaccggcggactttgacgctctcaaagcgcaggcggggcgcgcacaggctgccgagcgcgaagcgctggagcagaccgatcgcgcgtcggcggcggagcgaagggctgcgaaagtcgctgcagaagtcgagcagcgtgtgcaggacggcttaaaagtgcgggcggcggcgctcaaggcggagtacgagggaaagatagacgtgcttcagcagcaggtgcaggagctttctgggcgcgtcgcggcggctgaaagtagtaaaggtcagtatgagcttctgcgggcggctttaaggcgtgccaaagtgccagacgcaagggtagaagccttagaatccaaggaaagccagatagctatgtggacgcggatgggcatatccgatgccgatgctgaaaagatggtggcaagggcagagcaggggcaacagcgtcaggcgcggcagcaaccgagtagacagcgcgggcgcgatagagatgatgaccttgagctatag
>gene_8129|plasmid mobilization protein
atggctatttaccacttaaatgtaaaaattggctcaaaaatgaaagggcaatcagcaaacgctaaatataattatattatgcgtgagggtaagtattcagccagtaaaaaagaattattacatcaagattttggaaatctcccacagtttgcagaaaacaacccacagttattttggcaatcagcagatgattacgagcgattaaatggcagattatttactcaaatagagtttgcattaccaagagaattaagcacagaacaaataatagaactagcaaaaactttcgctgaaaaagtttgctcacaaaatacttacaaattaccttatagcctagcaatccatagcggagaatatgaccacgcaggaaataagattaaagaagaaagaacaccacattgtcatttaattttctcatcacgcagtatagatgactttaacagaacagcagaacatcattttagccgagccaataaaaaagagcgtgaaaagggcggagcgtggaaagaagaagcaataagaagcaaagattggcttagagacacaaggaaattatgggcagacacagccaatgaagcgttagaaaaagcaggaattagcgaacgcatagaccacaggagtttattagaacaaggaattgacagagaaccgcagcacaaacaatactggaacactataacccaaatagaagaaataaaaattatagaagatgaattaaaacaaactcaaaaagaaataaaagagataaaacaagaaatagaaaaagaactaaacaaaattattagcgaaattgtagaaaaaattaaaaatactcctaatacagaaataaatgaaaaaacaatagaaaccttaaagaaaaattataataaacaatatcaagaaaaaggaaaaaatggagtagaagaactacataatttctatttagaggaactggctagaagaaagacagaggcagagaaaaaagcaaaggcagaagaagaagcaaggagaaaagccgaagaggaaaaggctagattagaagcggaagaagctaaacgcaaagccgaagaggcagaaactaagaaaagggaatttttagaagaaaaaatagcttatttggttagtgaatataaacgcctagaacaacaacctattgatgaaaaagcccaagaacaactaaaaagaatatggggcaaaacttatgatgaagaaggctctaatgctattgagaaacaagtcaagcaactgataaggaaagcaaaagaagaagcggaagaaagggcaaggattgaagctaaggcaaaagataaagaattagcagatatgtttgctggattttatagtgcattagacaacaaagcagagagagaggctgaaaaagcagaagaagaggcaaaagcaagagcagaggcagaaagagcaaggattgaggcagaggcaaggagaaaagctgaattagaggctaaacgcaaagcagaggaagaagcaaaagcaaaggcagaagccgaaactagggaaaaaacggaagcagaggcattttatggaaatgattttttaacaggaaaattagaatactttgattatcagcataaataccttacacaaagaggactaacggaacaagaaaaagccttttttaaaaaccgttttagccaagaatacgaaaatgggggactttttgcccttaatagatacataaactcttatttaacagaattagaagcaggagttagcgaagaactaaacccttatttaaaagcaatagctgaatttgaaacgcagaaaaaaggaaaagaacaatctaaatctaatccttatcaagctacctcagcaccacaagcaccacagccacaaccgcaacagccccaaactcctaatttactgcctgattattcatcttggggacacaatccagccaaagtagggcagaaagtgtttgaactgttg
>gene_30981|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagtgaaaaaacccgtaatttagccgttaaatcctgtgaaattatgcaatattttcaatatatggactgtaacgaattagccgtaattgaaacacgcataaaggctttaacctatctaaaatcttatagtcttattcttcatgataaagatgtattgccgagcggtaaaccaaaaccgccacactttcacgctgtattgactttcacaaatgctaaatctataaagacgattgcggacggtatcggcgttgaaatgcaatatgtagaaaaaattcgcactacaacaaaatcggcgagattgtatcatatacataggaataaccccgaaaaatatcaatattcgcccgaagatgttcacgcaagttttgactatgtagcatatgtagacgattgccccgcaaagcaacgaagagagagtatcgcggaaagaattgaaagcggtgaaataaaagaatataatctttgtcaatttattagtattgacgaatttagccgtaatgcaagatattatcaaaagtgtttcgagtatagacaaaataaaataaagggattagatagaaatatggaatgtatatttattaca
>gene_53562|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagcgaaaaaacccgtaatttagccgttaaatcctgtgaaattatgcaatactttcaatatatggactgtaacgaattagccgtaattgaaacacgcataaaggctttaacctatctaaaatcttatagtcttattcttcacgataaagatgtattaccgagcggtaaaccaaaaccgccacactttcacgctgtattgactttcacaaatgctaaatctataaagacgattgcggacggtatcggcgttgaaatgcaatatgtagaaaaaattcgcactacaactaaatcggcgagattgtatcatatacataggaataaccccgaaaaatatcaatattcgcccgaagatgttcacgcaagttttgattatgtagcatatgtagacgattgccccgcaaagcaacgaagagagagtatagcggaaagaattgaaagcggtgaaattaaagaatataatctttgtcaatttataagtattgacgaatttagccgtaatgcaagatattatcaaaaatgttttgagtatagacaaaataaaataaagggattagatagaaatatggaatgcatttttattacaggcggtagccaaacaggaaaaaccacttacgcaaaaattctcgcatcgcaaaaaggctatacggcttatatttcgagcggtggcaaaaatccccttgataat
>gene_56426|Plasmid replication protein
atgttatattatagcatagaatcgcaaaaaagtcaatatatgaaaaaccaaaaagacaaaaatgcaaccgaggcggtaattgttaaggcccgttattggagttttgtgtgctatccagactccgcacctgctgactggactgaccgcctacaaatgacaggactgccgttctgtgtgtcaccgctgcacgataaggacatgaacccagacggcacacctaaaaagccgcactatcatgttatcatatgttacggcggaccgaccaccttcagcaatgtcaagagcaaaatcacggaaccactcggacaacctcatccgcaatatttgcaaagcgtcaagggcatgtatagatacttgacacacgaggacaaccctgaaaaatttcactatgacacaaaagacatcagacactttgccttcagtcttgcggattatgaaacttacagcataacggacgaggacagatgcttcgacgcactcgaggaaattattgaaagtgctgaaataactgaactgtgcgaactgcgaaactttctcaacgacaacggacttatagaactcaagtcatttttaaggcgtaatacatattacatcaaggaactgcttgcaagtttcagacactcggaatattttgagaaaaaaagacagcaagcagagcaagaacaagaggaacaagaagcagagtcttga
>gene_28798|Plasmid replication protein
atgaaaaaccaaaaagacaaaaatgcaaccgaggcggtaattgttaaggcccgttattggagttttgtgtgctatccagactccgcacctgctgactggactgaccgcctacaaatgacaggactgccgttctgtgtgtcacctttgcacgataaggacatgaacccggacggcacacctaaaaaaccgcactatcatgttatcatatgttacggcggaccgactacattcagcaacgtaaagagcaaaattacagaaccactcggacaacctcatccgcaatatttgcaaagcgtcaagggcatgtatagatacttgacacacgaggacaaccccgaaaagcaccactatgacacgaaggacattcgacactttgccttcagtcttgcagactatgaaacctacagcataacggacgaggacagatgtttcgacgcactcgaggaaattattgagagtgcggaaataactgaactatgcgaactgcgaaactttctcaacgacaacggacttatagaactcaagtcatttttaaggcgtaatacatattacatcaaggaactgcttgcaagtttcagacattcggactattttgagagaaaaagacagcaagcagagcaagaacaagaggaacaagaagcagagtcttga
>gene_49215|Conjugative transposon TraN protein
atgaataatacaagtaatacaaatcagatgaaacacaaatacgttagcaaaggattgatggctgtagttgccatcgcagtaacagtaacgtcactctgctcctgtgaccagcacgagatagaagacctctcctggcattcatgggagcccggaatggtctatgccaccaatggcgaagttatgccgtatgaaaaatgtgtgactgatggaaaggttccagaagccgttctcttttatatcgacaagtcgggtgagacagatgcatacgcctacgcggtaactttgaaagactgtgatatgggagctttttgtgatccagataccgtttatttcagtcagggtacgtcagcagattacggagcattggatggcgaaagtaatacaacagcccttcgctacaaccagatatgttcaccgattgcccagaatgtgcaggcaaggtatttcatccactctgtagcagaaatgtataagctctattactcaagtcttttggtcaactatgtccttgaacaatgtggtggggacaagttaccagtagaagacagcaagtgctggtatgataagatcctcaccatagaactgagtgaaaagcaaatcagtggaagaacgatcttcctttctgtagagtatgaagatgtactcaatgccgattctttcaacaaatccatcctatatgaggaataa
>gene_2386|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgatctatggctattgtagaattagcagagcaaagcaatctattgatcgtcagattagaaatatcaaagcagtttatccagaagcggtaattattgaagagatttttacccgaactcgcattgatcgtaaagagtggaataagctaacccgcaaagttaaaagcggcgatacaatcgtatttgatagcgtaagccgtatgagtggtaatgctgacgagggttttgcggcctatgaagaactctataacggcggtatcaatcttgttttcttgaaagagccgcacatcaataccgatacctataagcaagcattacaaaacaatgtggctttaaccggtggcacagtagattacattttagagggcgtaaataaatacttgttagcccttgcgaaagagcaaattagattggctttcgagcaatcagccaaagaagttgctgacctccaccagagaaccaaagaggggcttgaaaccgcccgcttgaatggtaagcagatcggccagaaacagggagcaaagctaaccacaaaaaagagtatcgccgcaaaagaagtaattgagaagcatagcaaagacttcaacggaacattaagcgatattgatgtaatgaagctgacaggcctttcccgaaatacttactacaaatacaaagctgaaatgaaagaagcggtaggcggggaataa
>gene_29305|Rep protein
atgaccttgaccgtcagtcaccagaagagccacagcctgcaagacaccctcgacgtcctcatgcgttcatggaaggtcatgcagagccgacaggcctgggccgggagcggtaagcgtgccaagatccccgttcccggactccggaaagaactcggcatgtggggctggatccgcagtctcgaggtgacctacaccgacgggaaagacggccacggctggcatccccacttgcacctgctgcttctcactgaatccgcacccgctgaccaggaagccgtgggtgaactccgcacgcttcttgccagagagtggcgcgactcggttcggagtcagtcagtcaagcaccagcccactcttgttcgaggagtgaacctccaagtcgttaacgacttcggggaagtgatcgcctactacttgagcaagcctcagggcgaagaaccggtgatggccggcatcggctctgagatggctcgccatgactggaaaaccggttcgaggcgcaagggctcctggaatcccttcgaatttctcgatcctggcgatcccgcgctcgagaagcgcaacgcggctctctggctcgagtactcaaagaccatgcacggtcgacgaatcatcgaatggagcagagggcttcgagttgagcttcttccggatgaggaagagctcaccgatgaacaggtcatt
>gene_42887|Site-specific recombinase
atgatctatgggtatgcgcgagtatctacagcaaagcaggatctaaaccgacaggtacgcgaaattatggcatttgagccgtctgcaaagatctatgtagaaaagtatacaggcaaggtgatcagccgtcctgaatggcttaaattagtcaaaagggtgcagtccggcgatactatcatattcgagaaagtagatcgaatgagccgtaatgcagaagatggcgtgaaagcatatatcgatctgatggagcgaggagttaatctcgtattcctgaaacagcataatgttgataccgaggtatacaagaacgctctcgatcggagtattccaatgaccggggaaacagtagatctgatccttgaaggaataaacaattttctcaaagagctggctatgcaacaagtccggctggcatttgataacgcagaagaatacgcccggacattaagtgatcgtaccaaaggcggtatagaaacagccagaagaaacggcaagcagatcggtcaggcttccggcgcgaaattgaaagtaaagaaagcagctccggcaaaagaaattatccgcaagcatagtaaggtatttggcggagatctgaccgatgcagagtgtatgtcacttgccaaagtgagccggaacacctattacaagtacaagcgagagcttatagcagatgccaatgcagaatag
>gene_5861|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggataactctaaaagatctcgatattggactattgttttatttgaagacaatatacaaaattaccctttatggaaaagttatttaattaatactcacattagattttgtgtatcaccttatcatgatcaagatatttggtcagaatctgatatattggaacatcctgatagagaagagtacataaaagatcatattggtgaaccaaaaaaaccacattatcacataatgttccattgtgatggtaatactacttttaaaacaatgagagaaattattgaaccattgggttgtgcaaatcctaaaccagtttatgcgcctgaaggtatgtatgcgtattttacacatgagcataatcctgaaaaacacaaatatgatgtaaacgacatgaaacattataatggttctgatccatcagaatatatttataatatgtctattgaaaaaacttcagctatgctggacgagttaacagaaatatttgtagctttaaaagttacaaaatattacgaaatggttcaagttgctgcgaagatgaaggatccacgttataaacatttggttcaatcacatatttattatttcaagcaaattcttgttgatatactcaatattgttaaaaaagaagaagaatcagaagttagaacattaccaaaaggtagaaaatatattccgaaaaagtga
>gene_18027|Plasmid replication protein
atgacggaggtattgtatcagatggcaaaaacaaaagcaagtggaacggccaaagatggccgtacacgcaactggagtttcgtggtatatccggagtccgctccggagaactggcgtgacatcctcgatgaaatgcatttggagtgg
>gene_17386|MobA/MobL family
atgccaaatgtttatgccagaccaacagcattaccgaatgtgaatggcagaataaattacatatccagtaagaaaaaacaggaacatttagtcgctgtttattctgatgttgataaaacattttggaaagaactctctatgcattgccagaaagctgcggctgaagctggctgtaaaaaggtttgtgaagggcgggaatggcatggtgcaattcctaacatatatgctattttatatgccggtaaagaagaagaactcgccaaagagatctccagactcattaaaaaaataactggcactgaaaacattacagctttgcattggaataaatcgaagactaattttcactttcacagtgtttgttcggagaataaagaaatcaacgaagtctcttatggagctgttcttcagaagaacacttactacaattcggaaggtaaaagagccactaaaaaagaatgtgtagattcggaaggtaacctattacctggttgcgaatttcttcggaagggagaaagaaaaaagactgtaaagagattcggaactaaagaaaatcttagagattacgaagtgaacagggcaattaaacaagctttagcagataagtttaataaagatctaggtacaaatatatatcaagtttatgtagatacaggcttacatttaaaacagcagcatatc
>gene_21445|replication protein
atgaaactttggtggcatatcgttatcatttcattgcataattgtatcatctgtgatacaatcgttatcacagatgataaatatgagtatcatggggtgataacaatggcaaaagaaaaaaaaatttctgcagcgcaaaagaatttaattgattcaatgagccgagaagaaacaaaaaaagaaaaaattgaaagactaaaaaaagccgaattagccgaaaaaaaagaagccgaagatattaaaaaaagcccttatagaaattttttacaagtaaaccaagataactataaagccgaagattggttaatgcgagaaagtccacctgcttaccgcttgttaagatttatagcgcaaaacatggataactataatgctctgatttgttcgtataaagtttttcaagaaactttaggttatggtagagcaacaatagctagagcggtaaaaatgttaaaagataatcattttatacaagttgcaaaaagtggaactgccaatatttatctaataaataaagaattatattggcatagctatggatataattattcgcaagcagaatttggcgcaaagattattattagtagtgaagagcaagaagaagaattaaaggcagatattaaagctaaaaggtataaagctgtagaaattgaaaatgacgaagttaaaaatgtaggtgcataa
>gene_35725|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcggaagcaggaggatcggggctttttaaggggtgaaaacgcccttaaacacaatccttttgtactgaaggtacaaaaggggtattgtgttacccctttttctagctgtaaaatacaagcaaaagccccattttcccccttttttggtgttcaaactatgagtaactgcacaataacattccatcttgggactaccctatcacagagccacaatgtacgtgaccccaaggtcacggcgaaagagccccatgttgaccctaacggccaacatgagacccttatccataagagcgtagaaagcgaatataagcgtttgtttgacgaagccctatcggagtacaacaagaagcagaaaaagccatgcagacgcatttctgattactatgagcacatcaagaactctaaagagcaccatacgtgctatgaagcgattattgggctctacggcaaggacgagtacggaaaagagtctataagcgctatagagcgcacagaatgcacgagactgctcaaagagtacttaacacagttccaagcccaaaaccctcaattacacgttataggcgcgtatatacacgctgatgaggagggtaagtacccccacatgcacctggatttcattcctgtagcccaagggaataaaaacgggctaagcacgaaagtgagcctaaagggtgcgcttcaacagcaatttaagagcaataacttcaaatactctgcgacagctcaagaagcatggtgcgaaatacagcgaaaaaacctacaagagcttgcacaagctaacgggcatactgtgctcacgggagtgagcggagggcgcaagcacgtgcacactaagctttataaatctgagataagcaccgtcaagaagcaagtagacgcaaagctagctatacacgaagagcttttagacgaagtagcccaagctcccaaaatagaagccaaaaagaacttttttggctcgggctatacaatcagtgctcagcaatacgaaaacctctccaaagttagcgcaatagcacaggtaacttcccaaaaactcaaaaaactagaaaaaacccatagcggagaagccttaaaaaacgcagttgaggagttagaacgccaaaaaaaagagctcaactcaaaaaacaaggcagttatagagctacaggaggagctcaaaactgaaaaaaagttacgttttttgaaagaagaagaaaataaaaagctcgctctagagcttcaaaaaactgagcattcactcaatcaatttcgagaagccctcaaagctgccgttaagtggatagagttggtcatgacttcgctaaaacctgacgttcaaaaaaatatcaaagaatttattgagcaaatcgcagaagctgggtttgttcgaaaatctaaatctcgaagtcgctaa
>gene_55366|Replication protein repB
atggctacaaatagcaaagaggcgcagcggagagctgacgccaagcgtgctggcaaaagggcacgcggatgggggtgcatagtctatccagagagtgttccggaaaactgggtggagcttttgaatgaagcccacatccagacactgataagcccattgcacgatcaggatattgcgggtaacggggaggctaagaagccacattatcacgtattggcgatgtgggataatccggtcagcgagtcatctgcaaagagttattttggcagaattggcataactgcgccgcccgaaaaaatcgacaccatcaaagggtatgcgcgttatttaatccacttggatgaccatgataaagcgcgctataacgaagctgacgtcattgcgcttgcaggtgcatcatgggcaggaaccgctcttgatgaagcggaggagataaatgccttactggatgaaattgaagattggattgatcaaactgattgcgtgagttaccgtgctctttgccgatatgcaaggacggagcgatctgagtggactcgcgtgattcgtaaaaacacgatccacctgaccgccctgcttaaagctgcggcttgggaagatagtatggtgaagcgggaaattcagcgttatggcattgatgtggatactggtgaaattacggagggcgatactgatgaggaataa
>gene_5874|RepB protein
atggcgttggcggtgttccagcaccccaacggtcggcgcgaagggctgttcgcgcatggacaagtctatcacacgatggctcccatgcgtcgaatcaacggcgatgagagtttttgtatgtcggagagcaagtatcggtattggtgcttcctggtctatcccgaatcggctccaggcgattggcgtgcggtgctccagaagagcatgggcatgttcgcgatatcgccgttgcatgcgggcgatgatgagaacgcgaagccgcatcaccatgtgatctactgccacgaagggccgatcactgcgaacgccgcgaggtctgccataccaggcggcattgcggcgaacgggcatattgagccttgcttgcatccgcgccgctatcaacgctacctggtgcacctcgatgatgccgacaaagagcaattcggcgatgacccacggtcgaagattgaagtgctcaacggctttccgctcgatctaaagcgagagctgaccgacgaagagcggcgagcgcttcccgtccgcgtgctggagttcatcgccgatcacgacataaccgagtacagcgacttgctagacgcgctgattttgtacggcgatgaggatttgttcgcgcatgcctacggtcacaccatcgcaatcggtcggtatctcgattccagacggcataaaaagggttga
>gene_55534|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atattcttgcgttggtgtgaaaaagagtacaaaacaatatatagggcaaaagatataaaagtgcctaagtccccgaaacgtgaagtgcgtatctattcagaagatgaaatggcaatgatattcgagagcgtagatgcggaatgcgaatggttaatagtgcgaaaccaatgtgtcatatctctgatgtatgatagcggtctaagacaatcagaagtgtgtggtatcacatggaaaaatctttccttggaagctagccgaattatagtaagaggtaaaggcgataaggagcgaactgttccactaggagaattaagtaagcaactactaacaaaatatactatgctatgcccgtacaaatcggatatcgtatttgtgacaagacgtggcaaaccattaacatgtaatgcggtcaaattaatggtatctagggtttcacaagaactgccttttgatttatgctcgcataagctgagacacaattttgcaaccaatttctgtattagccagtatgacaaatacggtcatgttgatatatacaaattaatgtatctaatgggtcatgaggacatagagactacgcaacgttatttacactttgcctatgaagtaatcgctagtagagacaatatctctatgctagacaagatgagcaaagtcaagtccgcttgcgccgtagggtag
>gene_44341|TnpX site-specific recombinase family protein
ttgccgcctattcactacttcagttgctccaattacaagacagataccagaggcgactgtgaaacacggcactatatccgtgccgatgcggtcgagcaaatcgttcttcttcaattacagaaattcattacttttattgcaaacgatgaagaagcatttgcacaacttcttgccgacaaaaccaacaaggacatcaaacgggaaaagaagatgtgcgaaacggtcatacagaaagcgacatcaaggatcgcaacgctttcgaatctccatcaaaagctgtatgaggacaacgcaagcggcaaagtcacggatgagtggtatatggaactttctcacaagtacgaaaacgagcgtgccgatctgaaagcgaaaatatccgaactgaaacagaagcaggacgagcttgataagctccagtacggaaaggaatcgttcatcacggcggtcaagcggtttatggaaatgaaggtgctgacaaagcaacttctatatcaactgattgaccgtatcgaagtttacgaaaccgaaggcgtcggaaaaaacagaacgcagcgagtggttatcttctggaagtttgtcgggtatatcgaactgccggaatgtgttccgcagaagaactacaaggcagacacccgtcagggtgtggcagttgagtaccacacacaggcattaccggcataa
>gene_19512|Replication initiator protein A domain protein
ttgccgccgttcatccccttgccgcgcttcatggtggctggcgaatactccgtcaacgccaaactgctctacgggctgctcctcagtcggacccagctttcccagaaatccgggtggacggatgaaagcggcagcgtgtatgtggtctacaccatcaagcagatgacagacgatctgaaccgaagcgaaaggacggtgaaaactgctttgaacgaactggaaaatgcggggctgctcctgcgcgtccgtcagggctggaatcgggcaaacaggctgttcctgcaagtcccggatggggtgcagctttcttcccctccagcgggcaatatttgccctatggaagtgcaggaatcttccccttgcatggggcagaatttgccccctaataagaatgataagaaagagaataacagaactcataacaaggagagtgaagccctccgccgttttggagaatttcaaaatgtttttctctctgacggacagcttgccgcgctgaaagcggactatccgggacggtatgaggaatacatcagccgcctgtcggtgtatatggcgtccaacgacaggcactacgccaatcactatgccacgctccgaaagtggctggacgaggacagccggggcaagggcgtgaaaacctacaccgccgaagattataacgagggagattgcttatga
>gene_27167|Rep
atgaaatatataaaagagagtgttggcagcactctctccgctgggttagaaaatagaatttctgatgatctgcttttctctatttcccaagaagattatattacaagtccagatgatttgataaatagtcaaattaatgagatgactgaaaagaaggtatcaaatcttattcttgctgatgcatatacaattttaggtttttggaataaagcgtatagggtaagagattgcggtacacttttagattttggtattaattatgccgatcataatgatgtgaaactattaaaggcaaatttttgcaaagatagattttgtcctcagtgtgctaatagaaaaagtaaaaaggtatatggtcagatttctaaaataatggatcagatcgaaaaggattattcatttatttttctgactttaactgttaaaaattgccgtcctgaagatttattagaaactgttcagatgatggaaaagggatggagaaatttaacaaatagaaaaaaaggtagagattttcaaaaaattgccttaggtgtttttagaacattagaaatcacaattcaaaaggataatggatattatcatcctcattttcatctgattattgcagtagataaaaactattacaaatccaaagattatttatctcaaaaaagatttactgagatatgggctgat
>gene_13169|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
ttggtacaatattataagagatatcataataaaaaagtttggtgccgtgaacgtaagaagtttgttacccaaaaagttcatgtgttatctaatattgatttgaagacgattccttatgtatccttgaaaagtttgcaacaagttgttgagactcctgcggttcttcgtgctagggatttagaggaagatacacttactattattatcgtttatattgacgagattagtaaggttttaaattctcgttcttttagaacgaacgttaatgcgtcggtgcttgattcattgttatgctgtagacattatcatatgggtattatgggaacggctcagcgttttcagcatgtagatgctttgtttagacaagttacccagagagttattgaatgtaataagacttggcgtttgcaaaagggatatgtttataatgcgtatgaattagaaaactgtactaatcctttacaactttctcctatctcaaaaggtggtttttttgttaccaatgctgattataatgcttatgatactgtggcggttgttggcgatttgataaaagcctggaaagagggggatatgttatctgataaagatatccttgagttgcaaggcggtgcgttaaatgtaacagttgaagaacaaaagaaaaagaagttatttggtaggaaaaagagtaaaaaataa
>gene_461|conjugal transfer protein TraA
atgaacaaaagcaacagaatcatcgtattcgccaaccagaaaggaggggtaggaaaaagcacgctgtgcatcctcttcgccgactacctggcagagaagcggcagcccgtcgcagtcatcgacgcggaccttcagcagactatcgtcgtacagcgtcagcgcgagctggaggcttccggactgaatcccgaattggtcccttgggatgccgtgcctctcgataccggaaaccttgcggatgtcaaggatgccatggatactgcaaaggagtaccccggaacaatccttatcgacgctcctggcaacctcgcggatgacaacctcgtgccaatcttcgccagcgcagactacatcatcgcccccatgagctaccaccccaacgtcgttgacagcaccaggcgtttcgcagaggtgatgcagcagctcaaagaatcgctcgatctgaaattcaagacctggttccttcccaaccgcatcgacgaccgcaagaaggctgaccttgaacagctgaagctcgatgcttggaaggcactccacaaccacggggacattcttacccgcatcaatgacagggcatacctggaaagatgctccaccctctcgctgtcaagccagcagtccggagccgtcaggtacgcatttgacagaatcattacagaaatcgaagagaacgagaaatga
>gene_42055|Putative MOB protein
atgcattgccaaggctggcaacgcataaatgcttcctttggaaggagaaaaacaacaatggcaaacatgaaaaaattttcggtaatgcgggtaatctcgcgaatgttctcgcactacgagcgaaacgaaaaaataaaaaattacggaaataaggatatcgacacaacgaagcttgaagaagataggaagtcgaaccttgcgcccgataggggtagccagattggatatctaaaaagaaaagtcaaagaaataatgggtaaaagaaccctacggaaagatgccgtgcggatgtgttgctgggtagtagatgcacctcgaaatctgccagaagaactaaaaccagcattcttcaaagcggtttatgacttcctcattaaccgatacggaacgaaaagcggtcttagagaggatgtgtgcttgtccgcttacgttcataagtcagagaccacagaccacatgcacttctcattcatgccagttgtcgaaagagacggagtgaagagtttctgtgctagagaggtagttggaaaaaaggacttaaaaacatttcatgaagacctcggaagctatctggaaggacttggaatctgtaaaaaaaccgacattctgaatggagcaacaaagaaggattccagaggaagggcattctctgttgcggaattgaagaagcagagagat
>gene_33473|Putative replication protien
ttgaatgttcttactgagtggcttgcggcccggttcccggaggtcgggtctgccagtttctatcgggaactgttccccgccggacagctttgctctaagccttatgagagcggcttctacaacggcgtgataatccgcgcctggcgcggcccagacggcgttgagcgtgctgagcgccacgtcgtgacggactccctcgaacaggtgcctgccgtcctcgccctcgacggcctgtttccccgtgtctcggacctcatgtcccccgtcagctacgccgggcgcagaccccggctagaccgagcccacgaactttacgcgcttgtcttcgaccttgacggcgtgacggtcgagggcggctaccccgtcggcttggttgacctcttccatcagatggaggtgcttcccgagcgccgcgcgctgctgccgactccgacgttcaccgtgtcgagcgggacggggctccacctctactacctgctggacgagcctttgcgcatgtggcccgacgtctgcgagcgcctgagactgttccgggacgccttcaccaagagatgctggaacaggtacgtcaccgacctgtcgagggagcctcagctggagggcgtggtgcaggcgttccgcatggtcgggagcgtgtcgaagtccggcgaccaggtcgtgagggccttccgcaccggcggccgcgttagcatggacgagatgaactcattcgtccctgagcggtacagggtcaccccagccatgaggggcgcgcggcacagcctggaggaggcgcgcgagctctggccggagtgggaccccggctggcgcgccaaggcggccgccgcgcccgagtgcccatggcgtgtgaagcgcgaccttttcgactggtggtgccgccgcgtcgaggccggcgagccgttcgagggcaaccgctactggtgcctgttcgtggccgcctgctacgccgcgaagtgcccagaggtcacctacgaggagctcgaggcgtgggcgtaccgcgtgatgccgacgctcgacgggctcaccacgaggccgggcaacgagttcacggccgaggacgtccaggcggcgctcgccgcctacggcaaccccttgagcgtcaagctccgccgcgacaaggtggccgagaagacgtcgctgccgatgcccgtgaacaagaggaaccagccaccacgcacacgcagggctcacatgctccgtgttaatcgaatcattgcaatggacgttgagaacggcgagcgtgaccctcggtatcggggcggggccccgacgaagcgcgacgccgtgcgcgcctacgcggcggcccacccagacgctaaccactccgaggttgccagcgccctgggcgtctcacgccccaccgtcatcaagtggctcaaggacgcccctgagcgcctctag
>gene_35101|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgccctataaggacaaggaacaagcacgagcagctaaacggcgatatgaccagaaaaagcgggaagtgagaggggaaaactgggcgtttatcgcataccccgaatctatcccagaggattggcgctcgattcttggtgaactccatatccaagttctgatttcacccttgcatgacaaagacgcgaatgcggaaggcgagcccaaaaagccgcatcatcatgtgctgctgatgtttgaatctttgaagtcg
>gene_35096|Plasmid replication protein
ctttcgcaggtcaaagagataaccgacaagttaaactgccctgcacccatgaagcaggacagcaagcgcggcatagcccgatacctgtgtcatttggacaatcccgaaaaagcccaatacccaatagaggaagtcgaaagcctgggcggggctgactatcgctctattatctcgatgtcaaatgacaagtacgaggtaatcgcggaaatcatcgattgggtagatgagaacgccgcacttcatcattacgcattttcggccgttcttcgctggtgcagagagaataacgagaagtggtttcgcgggttgtgcgacaactgcggttgggtggtgaaagagtacttgcaatcttgctcatgggagaaagccgagcatgaaagattgcgcgatctagcatccgttgatgggggtgaggatcgtgactga
>gene_22164|RepB protein
atgccctataaggacaaggaacaagcacgagcagctaaacggcgatatgaccagaaaaagcgggaagtgagaggggaaaactgggcgtttatcgcataccccgaatctatcccagaggattggcgctcgattcttggtgaactccatatccaagttctgatttcacccttgcatgacaaagacgcaaatgcggacggcgagcccaaaaagccgcatcatcacgtgctgctgatgtttgaatctttgaagtcgctttcgcaggtcaaagagataaccgacaagttaaactgccctgcacccatgaagcaggacagcaagcgcggcatagcccgatacctgtgtcatttggacaatcccgaaaaagcccaatacccaatagaggaagtcgaaagcctgggcggggctgactatcgctctattatctcgatgtcaaatgacaagtacgaggtaatcgcggaaatcatcgattgggtagatgagaacgccgcacttcatcattacgcattttcggccgttcttcgctggtgcagagagaataacgagaaatggtttcgcggattgtgcgacaactgcggttgggtggtgaaagagtacttgcaatcttgctcatgggagaaagccgagcaagaaagattgcgcgatctagcatccgttgatgggggtgaggatcgtgactga
>gene_48422|Replication protein
atgccctataaggacaaggaacaagcacgagcagctaaacggcgatatgaccagaaaaagcgggaagtgagaggggaaaactgggcgtttatcgcataccccgaatctatcccagaggattggcgctcgattcttggtgaactccatatccaagttctgatttcacccttgcatgacaaagacgcgaatgcggaaggcgagcccaaaaagccgcatcatcatgtgctgctgatgtttgaatctttgaagtcgctttcgcaggtcaaagagataaccgacaagttaaactgccctgcacccatgaagcaggacagcaagcgcggcatagcccgatacctgtgtcatttggacaatcccgaaaaagcccaatacccaatagaggaagtcgaaagcctgggcggggctgactatcgctctattatctcgatgtcaaatgacaagtacgaggtaatcgcggaaatcatcgattgggtagatgagaacgccgcacttcatcattacgcattttcggccgttcttcgctggtgcagagagaataacgagaagtggtttcgcgggttgtgcgacaactgcggttgggtggtgaaagagtacttgcaatcttgctcatgggagaaagccgagcatgaaagattgcgcgatctagcatccgttgatgggggtgaggatcgtgactga
>gene_56620|MobA
atggatgataagaaatgttttgcaatatttagagtgcagaaactttttagaggtggcggcaaaaatagtgttttttcatcaataagacatttggaaaatcacgacaaaggtgcggcagaactcgcacatcctgaaaattcaaaatataacaaaactatgcaaagtgatagttttatgaaaaacccaacaaaagttatttcaaaactcgttaatcgccataacaaaaacagtgttcgcaaactccgaaaagatgcatccatttgtgcagaaatgattttttcgtattctccatgtgctaaaacaatggacttcatcgaagaatacgaaaaaagaattttatcttttataaaaaaagcgtttccaaattttaaaatggtgagacttgaccgccattgtgatgaagaaagtgtccattggcacgtaataggaatttgttttgcagatgaaacacacaaaactctttcaagtgctaaatgtttgggcggtcgttctgatttcagagaacatcaaaccgcattcgctgaaatggtcgcagatttgggcgtttctcgtggtattccaaaagaaattacaaagtcgaatcacaagaccaaagaagaacacaatcgtcttattttactcaatgaaaaagaagaacaacaaaaagcaatcgaagaagtttttggttttgaaaaataa
>gene_43819|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtctgaaagaaagtcaagtgtaaagaaacgtaattgggcgttctttgtctatccaacaaaagaacagttagaagctgtcggctctgcttatgatgggtctgatggttacggatccgctcccgatgattgggttaatcagcttcagatctctggcttgcaatttgctattagtccgctgcacgataaggatattcacgaggataacagcggtagaacgaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttattgtggtctatggtagtccaacaacgtttaacaacgttaaagcccttacagatagctttaattcgcctattccacaggcattggagcaagtaagaggttattacaggtatctgacgcataaagataatcccgataaatttcagtatgatgacaaggacattgttaccggtggcggtttcaatatcgctgaccatatggaattaaccaaaagtgaggttacggagattaagttcaaattgcaacagctcatcagagagcatatgtttgttgagtattccgcatttatggactacatacaggataatcttgacagggttaattatgacgtagcaagttcacacacgatttttttcaatacatacatcaagtcaataaggcactccagacagcagaagcctgttgtaattgacaaggaaactggcgaggtagtagagtaa
>gene_28506|Rep_1
atgaacttgatgaaagataacagatttatccttgtgacttatacaatccgcaactgtaccgcagataaactcgctgatacgtgcgatttgctttctaaaggtctttctagggtatggagactaaaggagattaaaagggcttgtacgggctatttttggtccttagagattacatataatcatgattttgatacataccatccgcatttgcatgtaatatactctgttccatcgtattatttcgattctcaaatatatatccgtcatgataagtgggtcaaaatttgggaaaatgctattggtattgattatgagcctcgagtttgggttcaggctgtccgttctaaggataatgttgttgatgccacaaagggtgagatttcatattcaaaagccgttcagaaggtggctgaatatgtcgccaagtcttccgagtatgtcggcaattataaagtggtcaaggctattgtggattcattagagcatcgaaaaaaatgctcatttgtcggtgatttcgcaaaatatcgcaaaatgataaaagtctctgattccgaaatggaaagcgatttgataaatacggatgtaaactccattcgtaatgatgtattcaaggcttttgtttcttcttcctggaacggctccggttatgacagcatttataatccggttgtcttctga
>gene_57109|Replication domain protein
atggatctcgacgaagatctcccgaaaaacggctgggccctggtcaccctcacccaggccaacgtacctggctatttgctgtcggcggaaatcgacaagatgctggaagcctgggcggcactccgccatcttcggcccgtgaagcgtacactgttggcctgggctcgcaacatcgaaataacctacaacgcccaggcgaatacataccatccacacatccattgcatcgtatgtgtacgggataccgccctggcttcggccgatggcgcggccgcaaaatggtgggcagatcggtgggcagaatgcatggatttggactatacgccggtttgcaatgtgtccccgctccgggatcacgcagcggtttttgaagtatccaaatatgtctgtaagatgagctcggtgttttctcagtctctgcccgtcctgatccgggcggaagttgtcaagacgatcgccaccgccatacacgggcggcggctcaagtcctacgggggaaaatggctgcgggttcggcgggatctcaatcaacgaccggccgaagagcttgacgatttgcaaatggccgatttggccgacggaatggaggagcggtgcgtatgcggatcatcggaaactctggtgccatgcgtcctggtgtgggccgggatggaatacaaggaggtatccaaaggatga
>gene_57376|Site-specific recombinase
atgaaatacggatattgcagaatatcaagagcgacacagaacatagaaagacagaccaggaacataaaggaactttacccggatgcggtaatggtgcaagaggtatttactggaacacagacagaccgccccgaatggaacaaactttataataaggtatgtaatggtgatgtgattatatttgatagtgtatcacgaatgagcagaaatgcagacgagggatttactctttaccaggaactatataataagggtatagaactgatatttattaaagagccacatattaatacaagcacatataaaagagcaatacagagcaatatacaacttactggtacaaaggtagatataatcttaaaggcaatagacgagtttacaatggaacttgcaaaggaacaaatcaaacttgcatttgaccaggcagaaaaagaagtacaagacttgcatcagagaacgagagagggaatagaaaccgcaagattgaacggaaagcagataggacagaaaccaggagcgaccttgacagtaaagaaaaaagaaccaatgaaagccgagataatcagattatcaaaagactttcaaggaactaacacagataaagaggtaatgcaacttactggacttgcacgaaacacatattataaatataagagagagttaaagggtacaaattga
>gene_29919|Site-specific recombinase
atgaaatacggatattgcagaatatcaagagcgacacagaacatagaaagacagaccaggaacataaaggaactttacccggatgcggtaatggtgcaagaggtatttactggaacacagacagaccgccccgaatggaacaaactttataataaggtatgtaatggtgatgtgattatatttgatagtgtatcacgaatgagcagaaatgcagacgagggatttactctttaccaggaactatataataagggtatagaactgatatttattaaagagccacatattaatacaagcacatataaaagagcaatacagagcaatatacaacttactggtacaaaggtagatataatcttaaaggcaatagacgagtttacaatggaacttgcaaaggaacaaatcaaacttgcatttgaccaggcagaaaaagaagtacaagacttgcatcagagaacgagagagggaatagaaaccgcaagattgaacggaaagcagataggacagaaaccaggagcgaccttgacagtaaagaaaaaagaaccaatgaaagccgagataatcagattatcaaaagactttcaaggaactaacacagataaagaggtaatgcaacttactggacttgcacgaaacacatattataaatataagagagagttaaagggtacaaattga
>gene_37443|plasmid recombination protein
ttgcaggatgatttctttcagcagatgcgctccgctggctacacggatttggagcgtggagagcgtggcagttccgaggaacatctgacggtcacgcagttcaaggtgaagtgtgaacaggagcggttggcacagcttcaagaggcggctgtgctggcccaggccgaggttgaccgaaggaacagggaggcgacagctgccgaaaagaaagcggcccaggccaaggccaaactaaacgatgtggcccccatgctgaaaggcatggagaagctggcggaggaattttccagcgacccggaacaggtcttgccagaagcggggccgctggaatcagccagggcctaccgggagaaaaaggccaagcccttatgggcgaagatcgtcaaggtgctacggtctgtctatcgggcctactgtgacctcaaatccaaatttgagcggctgcaagcggactatggccgggaggtcagcaaaaacagttccttgtcagaaaggatttacgaggtctgcgccgagcgagacagcctaaagggaaaggtcagagactatgagcgggtcaggcgggccattggcacggaacaggcggacagaatattagaggccgcttaccagcaggaacaggccgaaaaggaacggaaacgggccgcaaggcaaaaaacaagggtaggcgcacgataa
>gene_51227|Replication protein
gaagattatttgattttagacgatttaagggacacaacgtttagttttgaagatttattaaagttgcttgataacttcgttgtaagcaccataaagagccgttatagaaataaaatgttcttgggtgagtatattgttataacatctgcaaaacccctttgcgagtggtataaggacacaaaagaagatagaaaacaattattccgtagaataaatatgttcgccgagtgcgaaagaaaaaataattctttaatagcaaatgtatatgtatatcaaaataatgaaagttgtataaatgataacggaaagcctaacggaatagccgttcctacgcctataatggaattgacaccacaaacggtgcttaatgtagaagaaacttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaaaaggttgtttccgaccttgccgaaaaatcttacgatactttgtttgatttagccgaaaagaataataaaaaatag
>gene_49799|Putative replication initiator protein
ttattaaaaaaatcatataatcaatatttagataagagagcatttgaaatggaaaataagaaagttaaagttatatttgttcaaggtgccacaggtagtggcaaaagcacttttgccaaaagtttggcaataaatacaaaagcaagttattgtatatcttcttcaagtaatgatgtaatgcaagattatagttgcgaagattatttgattttagacgatttaagggacacaacgtttagttttgaagatttattaaagttgcttgataacttcgttgtaagcaccataaagagccgttatagaaataaaatgttcttgggtgagtatattgttataacatctgcaaaacccctttgcgagtggtataaggacacaaaagaagatagaaaacaattattccgtagaataaatatgttcgccgagtgcgaaagaaaaaataattctttaatagcaaatgtatatgtatatcaaaataatgaaagttgtataaatgataacggaaagcctaacggaatagccgttcctacgcctataatggaattgacaccacaaacggtgcttaatgtagaagaaacttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaaaaggttgtttccgaccttgccgaaaaatcttacgatactttgtttgatttagccgaaaagaataataaaaaatag
>gene_57363|replication protein
gtagagcagtttgtgctgtttcctgacttcgtcatagataaagacgcccacaccctgacagtcaaggtcaacgaaaaattcaagtttctgctgaatgaactgagtggaaattttactcgtttcgagttggacgaattcacggcattatcttcgagttattcaaaagcattgtacagactgcttaagcagtatcgcatgtcaggctggtgcagaatatctgtggaagaactgcgggattttctttccgtgccgaaatcatacagtactgcaataatgaaccgtgatatcataaataaagcaattacagaactcaacgaaaaaggatttttcaaaggtctgtctgtggaaaaaatcaagtccggaaaacaaatcactgcgtatgatttcaaatttcagcaagaatccatagaaaaagaatcaaagaaaaacgaaaatacacttatttgtccaaagtgtggcaagcctcttcatcacaaagaggtgaacggaaatttcgcttgggttcacttagacggatggaaagccgatgcagaatgtgatgcaattttcaataccgttgcagaaataaagggatttgcagaaacaccaacccgagaaacgcaaaatcagaaagaaaaaagagaatctggaacttcttctcttgctgatattctcggtggcctcttccgaaaaaaatag
>gene_30961|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagagaaaaagtcaagtttgaagaaacgtaattgggcgttcttcgtgtatccaacaaaagaacagttacaagctttgggttcagagtatgacggttcagacggttatggaactgctccagatgattggatagaacagcttaagctctcaggcttacaatttgcaataagtccgttgcacgataaggatatgcacgaggatgcatcaggacgaacgaaaaagccccattttcacgttatagtggtctatggtagtccaaccacctacaacaatgttaaacgccttacagatagctttaatgctcctataccgcaagcacttgaacagatacgtggttattatcgctatttaacgcataaggacaaccccgataaagcacagtatgacgaaaaagatattattaccggtggcggttttaatattgttgattttgtcgaaataagcaagagtgaagttacagaaataaaattcaagctgcagcagctcatcagagagcagcagataactgaatactttgtatttatgaactatgtgcaagataattttgacagagtgtattacgatgtagcaagctcgcacacgatattttttaatacatacatcaagtcaataaggcatatgaaaagtaggcacggttataacgtagaccctgaaacaggcgaggtgatagagtaa
>gene_50703|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagagaaaaagtcaagtttgaagaaacgtaattgggcgttcttcgtgtatccaacaaaagaacagttacaagctttgggttcagagtatgacggttcagacggttatggaactgctccagatgattggatagaacagcttaagctctcaggcttacaatttgcaataagtccgttgcacgataaggatatgcacgaggatgcatcaggacgaacgaaaaagccccattttcacgttatagtggtctatggtagtccaaccacctacaacaatgttaaacgccttacagatagctttaatgctcctataccgcaagcacttgaacagatacgtggttattatcgctatttaacgcataaggacaaccccgataaagcacagtatgacgaaaaagatattattaccggtggcggttttaatattgctgattttgtcgaaataagcaagagtgaagttacagaaataaaattcaagctgcagcagctcatcagagagcagcagataactgaatactttgtatttatgaactatgtgcaagataattttgacagagtgtattacgatgtagcaagctcgcacacgatattttttaatacatacatcaagtcaataaggcatatgaaaagtaggcacggttataacgtagaccctgaaacaggcgaggtgatagagtaa
>gene_18170|Mobilization protein
atgtgttatgctggtctcaaaaatagtccactttccgaagatggattcgaggtgaaaaccatgagtaaatttgcaatcattcacatgcagaaatttaaaatttctgatgtgcaagggattcaaaaacataatcagagacaaggacaaagtaagtccaatttggatattgattattcgaaaactgaacaaaactatgatttgttaaatcagcaaaaaattaaatatgagagtgcaattaaacaagagatcagcgagcgagtgaaacgaaaaacgagagcgaattctgttgtactttctgaatttgttgttacagcttcgccagattatatgaattcattaagtccaggggaacagaaacgctattttgagagttcactagatttcatacaaaagcgttatggcaaacaaaatacattatatgccatggttcatatggatgaagccacaccacatatgcatataggcgtggtgccgattacggaagataatcgtttatccgctaaagatattttcaacaaaaaagagctgacattgttgcaacaggattttcctatggaaatgcgtgaaaatgactttgatgtagagcgtggggaaggctcagagcgtaaacatttatctccacaagcttttaaagaaaaacaagatttacaacaagaagtggaccaattgtggggtgtaaaaaagcacctagaaacaaaagtagtggaaacgcatagtcagttacaacaaaataccaatcaagttgaaaaacaaagtgatatgttaaaggaaattcatcaacgatatttgtttttagataaaaaattaaaagagaagaaaaaagagtttgatacttttattgagcaagttcccaatgaaccagtttctatgttttatttgagagaagaaacaaaaacagaagtgacaacgaagttgtttggaaaaccagaaattgttgagaaaaaaacagggaatgtagtcataactcgagaccaatttagagaacttacagaacaggtgaatgcagcggttacggttaagaaggattatgaacgtttaaagaaaacggatcttgtcagagaaaacgagagtttacgagtagataataaatatttagaagaaacaatagagggtaataatcttgctttaaatcattctcataaacaaaatcgtgaattgagagaagaaaataaagaattacatactcaaataggctccttaaaagctcatataagagatttacagacaaacataaaggttttatatcaacaaacgaaaaaagtctttaaagagcaattcaaggcgtttagagggcttattaagaatgaactggatagccaaaagttagagaatcattttgaacgtgaacatacgagagaaatgaagagtagacagaaaggatatgacatggaacgataa
>gene_29070|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
gtgagtgtccctgtagaggatcagttggtcttttacggtactcatgaggcgattgtgtctgatgaaacatggcaggcagcacaacgtatctttcatccggagatgtcttctgcacctgggaaaccaagtgttttcaacagtttgatggtttgcggcgagtgcggtgtgccaatgctgtttcaccgcgtgaaagaccatgaagatggcggagactttgtctgtcggacacacaaaaagtctgctgcttatgaggaacggctctgtacacataattctatccgtgtcaaagtcatccgggaaattgtgcgagacaccctccgcaccgtcaaccgctatgccattgcagacgaggacggtttccgtcgcaggcttgctcgggaagcagctacctaccagcccgatgatcggaagcagctggcgaagcacatccgcgagaaggaaaagcacattgcccgtctggaacatctactgaagaagctgtacgaggactacgccctggggcatatcccggaggaacgctttgacaggttgtctgcacaatacgaacaggaagaagctgcactcaaagccgagctcgcagatgatcaggctcggctgaacgaagtgcagactgcctctgcacagaccgacaagtaccttgcccttggggcatattcgccagcagctcgtcgatgttga
>gene_28796|Pre/Mob
atgaaaaattttgcaattatgagagtgcaaaagttgcgacaaggttcacgcggtggaggtacacttggcggcactctcggacatctacacaaccacgagaggactgcagaaataagtcgcccagagttcacacacatgaacggactgagcggcatgacatacaaggaggcgagtgagttgattcgcaaaaatatcaaggagcacaacaagcaccacgagcgagcatttcgcaaggatgccgctgtcgcttgcgagtttgtattttcatacagtccgacagtcggacaagatagagagttcgctcgtgagtttcagaagtgtgtcgctgactttataaaaagttattatcctacagctcaagtcttaacatttgcccggcactgtgatgagagttcgtttcattggcatgctgtgctgacattttacgacaaggacacacacacactcagcatacgaaacaacatcggcggaccgggagaccttagagccgctcaagatgtttttgccgataaggtcaagcacttaggacttgaacgcggtatcagcaaggaaataacaaaaagcaagcacaaaacaaaaaggcagcacaatcatgacatattaactcaaaaagaaaaagaacggcaggactacattgagaagtgcagaactgtcgtcgatgagatacttcgttga
>gene_56428|Pre/Mob
atgaaaaattttgcaattatgagagtgcaaaagttgcgacaaggttcacgcggtggaggtacacttggcagcactctcggacatctacacaaccacgagaggactgcagaaataagtcgcccagagttcacacacatgaacggactgagcggcatgacatacaaggaagcgagtgagttgattcgcaaaaatatcaaggagcacaacaagcaccacgagcgagcatttcgcaaggatgccgctgtcgcttgcgagtttgtattttcatacagtccgacagtcggacaagatagagagttcgctcgtgagtttcagaagtgtgtcgctgattttataaaaaattattatcctacagctcaagtcttaacatttgcccggcactgtgatgagagttcgtttcattggcatgctgtgctgacattttacgacaaggacacacacacactcagcatacgaaacaacatcggcggaccgggagaccttagagccgctcaagatgtttttgccgataaggtcaagcacttaggacttgaacgcggtatcagcaaggaaataacaaaaagcaagcacaaaacaaaaaggcagcacaaccatgacgtattaactcaaaaagaaaaagaacggcaggactacattgagaagtgcagaactgtcgccgatgagatacttcgctga
>gene_26551|Site-specific recombinase
ggttattgcagaatatcaacaaagaagcaaagcattgaaagacagataagaaatattaaagcagaatatgagaatgctcatattatcgatgaggaatacactggaacaacaacagatagaccaaaatggaacaatctatataaacgtgtgaaagctggcgatactattgtatttgattcagtatcaagaatgagccgtaacgctgatgagggagtgagaacctattttgaactatttgaaaagggtgtaaatctcatattcttaaaagagcattatattgacactgatatttatgcagaaaatatgaaagataagatagaactacaaggaacagacgaagatgagatattcaaaggattaaataactactttagaaagttagcagaaaaacaaataagaatagcgtttgaacaatcggcaaaagaggttgaagatttacaccaaagaaccaaagaaggtattgaaacagctagattgaacggtaagcagataggacaaaagcaaggtgcaaagcttactactaagaagtcaatctcagctaaagagcaaatcaagaagcatagcaaggattttaatggaacactatctgatgtagattgtatcaaactatgtgggattgcacgtaattcttattacaagtataaaaaagagttaatggaagagtgtcagcgatag
>gene_55159|Protein rep
atgcgtaaagtcttagaggttgcaaagtctgatggatatgagttcatcatgttaactctcactatgcggaattgtgaaggctctgaattgtctgaggctcttgaccgtattttgttggctttcaatagacttagcaagtataaagagtttaaacaggctgtaaaaggttggtaccgaggatgtgaagttacacacaatactgacccaaaaagtccatcatatgacacttatcatcctcatttgcatgttattcttgcagttaagccatattattttaaaagcagatattacataaagcgtgacagatggcgcgaactctggcagagagctttgcaggttgattatgaagttacagcggtagatgttagaaaatgttatggtggtgtgcaagccgtctctgaagctgttaaatatactgtcaaatctaaagatattatcggggaaaattttgaaatgactgcagacacccttgcagttttagacatggctttaaataatcggcgtttcatgggtttaggcggagttttcaaggagatacacaaaaaacttaacctatccgacttggatgatgattcagacttgatacacacagatgaagaagccgacacggatgaaaagacccctgacgaacttgtgttctggtggaatggatacagccagagatatgaacgataa
>gene_7530|Chromosome partition protein Smc
gagcagggggaagcagtacgaaaagcgagtgaagcaaaagctcagcagcaaatggcagaaagtgagacggctgccttagatcaggagatccgggcaaagaaggaacaactctcattgttagacacacaatgccggatcgcagcgagcgaattgcagaaaacaatggaattgcaggcaaaagcagcaaagaagcataaggtgggcggtatttttggtggcgatacggtcacttgcgataaaagtgcatacgaagatctcgtttcaacttgtagcaccgtcaaagaaacgatgacaaccgccagaaagctgatgatcgccgtagaagaacgagcgaggcagctggacgaaaaggcagcggagattgagccgttgcatacacagaggcagagcactttaagatccgctcaggctgaaaaagaaagatatgaacggttgcagcaagaggaatcacagctgatcgagcagcgtgcagccgaactggctgatacaagaatcggagcgttattcaagacggtaccagacagccgacgggagcgattagagggcttttgtcgtggattgcgcttaaatgatggcagaactgcgctcgaagcctttgaggatctggagcagcagttacagaagcaactgcaacaacaataccggcagcagggacgtggtggacgcacactttga
>gene_49757|replication protein RepB
atgggaacacaaacaaaatacgacccaaaacttaaaaaaagatactggaaatgtgtattttatcccgaatcactacctgccgattggttagaagttttaaagaacacagacctacctttttgtgttagtcctttgcacgataaggacatcaacgaagaccaagacggcacacttaaaaaagcacatcatcacatcatcataacatacaacaacacaaccacatggaagaatgtcaaagagtcgatttgtgatattttaggacaacctcgaccaatgccaagcgataacataaaacttgcatatcgttatctttggcacgccgacaaccctgaaaaatatctctacaacgaagataacattcaatgttataacggctttaacattcacaactacatagcactcacaagcgaagaaataaaaacctgtatgaatgaatgtacccaaatgataagggatttaaacatcaatgaatacagtgatttaatattctttttgatggataatgaaatgtttgagcatttaagtgttgcacaatcacacacaatctattttaatgctcttattcgttctgtaaggcacaaatacacaccgagaaatataaaacccttggaagataacaaaacacccttaaaagagcaattaaaggcacttaatgaagatacaacggaagaataa
>gene_55377|Replication protein RepB
gaccaagacggcacacttaaaaaagcacattatcacatcatcatatcatacaacaacacaaccacttggaagaatgtcaaggagtcaatttgtgatgttttaggacaaccaagaccaatgccaagcgataacataaaacttgcttaccgctatttatggcacgcggacaaccccgaaaaatatctctataacgaagatgacattcaatgctataacggttttgacattcacaactacatagcactaacaagcgaagaaataaaaacctgtatgaatgaatgcacccaaatgataagggacttaaacatcaatgaatacagcgatttaatattctttttaatggacaatgaaatgtttgagcatttaagtgttgcacaatcgcacacaatctattttaatgctcttattcgttccgtaaggcacaaatacacaccaagagatataaaacccttggaagaccaaaaaacacccttaaaagagcaattaaaggcacttaatgaagatataacggaagaataa
>gene_371|Replication protein
gtgagaaaggctattacaatgggtgttagaaggcttaaaaaggtcgaaaagaccgattataatttcaatatcgaagatttatctaatgatgaattagagtatctaaatgagttgtttatgcgtgatgtaaggcatagagaacttgtctttgttggttcttcggaatattcagatttcaagaaatatcaactttccatattcaaaaataaagatttcagtattcttggttataactcaaaatatgaccttgtttttacacctaatacctttaagaacgcacaaagagtaaatgtaaccgataacgaagggaatgtactgcaaagttataacggacactatattggcacttatgaccaaagcagacacaaacacaacttatttgatatatcggcagttgctcttgatgtggactttagaaagtattggttaaatgataaagcaagtccattagactttttctctgaaatcatattgcctatattcacaaggggtttattgcctacacctagttatatcgaatatggtcataatttgcgtattatatgggttttaagagaacgggtagaactcacaaagatagcagataaaacaaagcgaaataaggtcataaaagccatagaaaccaccttaaaaaagttttgtgagattatgaacaatgaagaagatgtaggggcagatttccaacctatcaattcatttttcagagttccttgttctataaacacaaaggataatagcacagtacatatcataccctttactaaatattttggttttatggataaagaaagatacacttggcaagagttaatggagtatcttccaacactaaaacctaaaagaaaaaatcaaacaactgtaatttctaaacgaaaacatcaagtggcatttttcaataataggttcactttactaaataacagagtggaacttttagaagaaaatgttaaaagcattaaagaacattcccgttataatgcgtgttatgtttatgcagtttgtttgatacagatggaaaaatattcacttgaaaagattttagaatttaatcaaaaactaactcaaccactaaaagaaaaagagttggaaagcaaattaagaacgatagaaaataacaaatttgtaaagtatgttcattggactaatgaagaacttgaaaaaatgttaggaacggaaggagtatttactatgacaaaaagacaaagggaaatggaagaaaagaaaaagaatggaactacaagaaggcagatagcagatgctaattattcaaaagttaaagatttttatttgggtggaaaaaagagaaatgagatagcagaacttgtaaatctttctccaattactgttagaaatatgattacaaaaatcagaaaagaaatgaaaaatggtaattag
>gene_57369|Replicase A
atgatttcaaaaatagttgcagatgatacggattttaattttatagaactggactataacgatttttgtaggttatgcaatataaaggacacaaaccttacttatgtaaaaagagttattaagagcctggcagataaatcctggtggtggtttgacggagagaaagacattttaattcgttggataggagaagcggaactgaccccggaagatgtgcgtttaagatttcatcccaaaatggagaactttcttttaaatctaaaggagagcggaaactacacacagaccgaactacttacatatcttaatttcaaaaataagtatagccctatactgtatgactattgcagaagttttgtaaaccttacctttaagaataaggaaaagactattgaaagggttttgactttatcagagttaaggggtaaactgggacttaatgaaaaggaaaaccaaaacaagtacccattttttaaagatttgagggtttatgttttagagccttgcattgaggaagtaaacaaatatactgatatacatatagagtatgagccaataaagaaaagccgtagggtggaaagtataaaattgactattcagataagggacataatggagcggatgcagatgtatgaggaaaggagaaagagccgaaatgagccaggagagtaa
>gene_29926|Replicase A
atgatttcaaaaatagttgcagatgatacggattttaattttatagaactggactataacgatttttgtaggttatgcaatataaaggacacaaaccttacttatgtaaaaagagttattaagagcctggcagataaatcctggtggtggtttgacggagagaaagacattttaattcgttggataggagaagcggaactgaccccggaagatgtgcgtttaagatttcatcccaaaatggagaactttcttttaaatctaaaggagagcggaaactacacacagaccgaactacttacatatcttaatttcaaaaataagtatagccctatactgtatgactattgcagaagttttgtaaaccttacctttaagaataaggaaaagactattgaaagggttttgactttatcagagttaaggggtaaactgggacttaatgaaaaggaaaaccaaaacaagtacccattttttaaagatttgagggtttatgttttagagccttgcattgaggaagtaaacaaatatactgatatacatatagagtatgagccaataaagaaaagccgtagggtggaaagtataaaattgactattcagataagggacataatggagcggatgcagatgtatgaggaaaggagaaagagccgaaatgagccaggagagtaa
>gene_33714|Replication initiation protein
atgtctgatgaaaaatcaacgtcttctgctcgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacctccgcagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgtccgttatatgtgtcacatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatattcaccttccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcatt
>gene_48106|RepB
atgtctgatgaaaaatcaacgtcttctgctcgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacctccgcagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgtccgttatatgtgtcacatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatattcaccttccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcattgctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcatcatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaagttctcttggaagacgatagattaagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_44251|Replication protein
cagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgttcgttatatgtgccatatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatattcaccctccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcattgctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcatcatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaggttctcttggaagacgataggctgagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_928|RepB
atgtctgatgaaaaatcaacgtcttctgctcgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacctccgcagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgttcgttatatgtgccatatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatattcaccctccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcattgctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcatcatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaggttctcttggaagacgataggctgagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_44253|Replication initiation protein
atgtctgatgaaaaatcaacgtcttctgctcgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacct
>gene_35221|RepB
atgtctgatgaaaaatcaacgtcttctgcccgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacctccgcagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgttcgttatatgtgccatatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatactcaccctccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcattgctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcatcatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaagttctcttggaagacgatagattaagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_36755|RepB
cgtactcgtgtatgggttgccgttgtctatcctgagtctttaccaaagaattggatagacattcttgatgagacgtctattccttggtgctgttctcctttgcacgataaggatatagacggcgataacaagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacattcttttacatttcagcggtaaaaagtccattgaacaagtaaagaccattttagcgcctttaaactgtccacctccgcagatttgtcacgacattaacggaaatgttcgttatatgtgccatatggactcaccgcacaagtatcaatactcaccctccgatattgttggtcataatggttttgactgtgctcaataccttaaagccactacttcggcaagatatgattatatcggtgaaatgattgatttcattgctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcattatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaagttctcttggaagacgatagattaagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_33712|replication protein
gctgagaaacacgtttccgagttcttagactttcttgtgtattgtcgttcttgccgtcgtgatacttggtatccgttgctttgtgataattccgctatcatcatcaaggaatgtattaaaagcaaccgtcaccgtggtgccggtgcttttatcaattttgatacgggtgaagttctcttggaagacgatagattaagttctgataatgttggaggtgctaacaatgaacaatag
>gene_39855|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcattagtaaaacctaataactcattaaaaaataattcggctgaaaagtcaagtgaaattaccaaaaaaagaaattgggcttgcgtggtatatcctgaaagcttgccatgcgattggattgaaatacttgaaaaaacggggctagaaatagctataagcccacttcatgacaaagatttaaatccagacggaagtttaaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttataatgatttataacggcccgacttcgtttaatgtcgtaaaaaaaataactgacactctaaacgcaccgccaccaatctctttagaggctgtgagggggtattataactaccttacacacaaggacaacccagaaaaagcacaatatgacgaaaaagaaatccagcttttgaacggattttcaatcatcagctttctaaattcatctgaactttcaaagctgaaaagacaaataagagacattatcagagagcaaaacattattgaatattcggatttattggatttttttgatttatcaaataatttggagctcgcacaagttgccgaaaacaatacgattatgtttaactcgtatgtatctagccgcagacataaacagttgaacactgttaaattttcatctgaagaagatatttcaaaccttgtaaaattgacagatgatgaatag
>gene_34278|replication protein
gccttagaccgctatgacgggtcgcactggcatgaggttgacgaagcgtggaaagcgggcgaattcagccctgtaggcggcggcaaggctcccaaggccaagcccatcgactcacggcgtcctgaggacggcaggacgtattacgtgggcagcagggagggggcgaagttctaccgggggtacgagaagggcatgcagctgctcggccctcaaatcgcacttgcccaggccagggacccggaaggcttcgacctggtcaaacaccttttcaaacacgaactccgcatagaccgcactgacggcgatgcgcgagtggtggcctacaacctgcgggactggtggcgcgatgaagtcgagttcaagccggtgaatcaaccgctgccgttggacatcatcgagaagcgggatcagtaccttgccggggcgtatccgtaccttgggaaagtcctcccgaccgtcgaggccgaggcgctgattcagcgacgcgagaagatgccgcagctggagttggcgaaggcgctggagcacatccgcaagcagttcggcagcacgctgtacacggccttgcacgcctatcagggcgacatcggggaggtgtggggcaaggtggtgggcgaggcgcataaccgagctttggtagatgctggcgtgctgctggttgagcatgactga
>gene_20291|Replication protein
atgccgtataaagaccctgataaaaggcgcgaagcgcgtcgtaaatccgataaaaagcggtcgaagttcgtaggtgaaatctggtgcattatcgtgtatccggattcagcgccagagaattggaaagacatcctggacgagcttcatttgccggttgtcatatcgcctattcatgacagggatataaacgcagatggagagccgaagaaaccgcatcatcatgtggcgattcattacgagtcgaaaaaatcattggagcaagtttccgagttgtcggaaaaactgaattcacccattccgatgaagcaagattcatggcgtggtatttgccgttattgctgtcatctcgacaatcccgaaaaggcgcagtatgaaccctctgacgtggtgtgtcttggcggcgctgattatctggttatcgtgggctctgcatcagataaatacgaggtaattcgtgaggttatgcagtggattaccgagccagagaacatcaagattcatcgttgggcgttcgccaatgtcctggcatatgcagaaaagaacaacgaaaagtggttccgtggtctttgcgataactgcggatggactatcgagaagtttttgaagtcatccaaatgggcaacggaacaagaagtgcgaaaggcaagtgaaaagaaaaatgtggacgcttaa
>gene_29622|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggaggcaatcacggaatattgcaaaatgggtcatatatcccgttttgctttcattaaacacgatagagacgtctacgacaaaattatcgtagataatgatggcaatattatccataatgctggggatttgaaagagcctcatatccatcttcttgtggtgtataaaaacgctcgcactcgttctgctgttatggctgacttctgcaatcgtgagcaaaatacacttgtggagcagtgtatagagctcgatagtgcgtatgattaccttacacatcggcgtaatcccgaaaaggtgcaatatgacgaacaattcatagtgtgtgatgatatatcatattggcaagcacttgcaagaggtgatgaggataatacggctacacaacttatagcggatatccttgcagggaaaaaccctgtttacctgcttagacgctatggtcgtgactatgtactcaatcatcaaaaatattaccagtttgccgaaaacgtaggcactcttgacgagcaagagtatgacaactggcaagctaaacgtcttgcggaagaggaaaagaaagccctcgcttttcgtgagtttgtagacgggcaacaagattgcccatacactgaggattattacctcgccattgacgaaaaagggcattttcaagagcccataatcatgaattaa
>gene_27488|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaggctaaatactgggttggggtatgctatcccgaaaatatgattgataattggcgggataaaatggacgatatgggtgtgccgtatgcgttttgtatccacgataaagaccatttatcagagtacaacaagaaaaagggtaaagatgtcgaagaagaagaacgtaaaacacacgtacatatcattttagcattcaataatacaacaacgtataatcacgctttaaatacacttatggagttatctaaacccggtaagagatgtctaaacacaatggagattgtacgtaatatcagaaacaaatatgaatatctgatacacaatactgaaaaggctaaaaaagataagaaatatcaatatcctattgcagaacgtataacaggaaacaatttcgatataggtgcatacgagcagataacttctaccgataaaaacagaatggctaaagagttatgtaagctgattcgtgataatggtatatgtaactttgctgacttcttcgatatggtaagtgaaatggatatggaatacttcgatattatgaaaacatattcggggttgttcgataggttatgtaaaggcaattatcataaagcacaaaatggaacaaatgacaacatttttattaaaaataataatgaaaatgctgacgattcctaa
>gene_16755|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaggctaaatactgggttggggtatgctatcccgaaaatatgattgataattggcgggataaaatggacgatatgggtgtgccgtatgcgttttgtatccacgataaagaccatttatcagagtacaacaagaaaaagggtaaagatgtcgaagaagaagaacgtaaaacacacgtacatatcattttagcattcaataatacaacaacgtataatcacgctttaaatacacttatggagttatctaaacccggtaagagatgtctaaacacaatggagattgtacgtaatatcagaaacaaatatgaatatctgatacacaatactgaaaaggctaaaaaagataagaaatatcaatatcctattgcagaacgtataacaggaaacaatttcgatataggtgcatacgagcagataacttctaccgataaaaacagaatggctaaagagttatgtaagctgattcgtgataatggtatatgtaactttgctgacttcttcgatatggtaagtgaaatggatatggaatacttcgatattatgaaaacatattcggggttgttcgataggttatgtaaaggcaattatcataaagcacaaaatggaacaaatgacaacatttttattaaaaataataatgaaaatgctgacgattcctaa
>gene_49501|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaggctaaatactgggttggggtatgctatcccgaaaatatgattgataattggcgggataaaatggacgatatgggtgtgccgtatgcgttttgtatccacgataaagaccatttatcagagtacaacaagaaaaagggtaaagatgtcgaagaagaagaacgtaaaacacacgtacatatcattttagcattcaataatacaacaacgtataatcacgctttaaatacacttatggagttatctaaacccggtaagagatgtctaaacacaatggagattgtacgtaatatcagaaacaaatatgaatatctgatacacaatactgaaaaggctaaaaaagataagaaatatcaatatcctattgcagaacgtataacaggaaacaatttcgatataggtgcatacgagcagataacttctaccgataaaaacagaatggctaaagagttatgtaagctgattcgtgataatggtatatgtaactttgctgacttcttcgatatggtaagtgaaatggatatggaatacttcgatattatgaaaacatattcggggttgttcgatagg
>gene_56430|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaggctaaatactgggttggggtatgctatcccgaaaatatgattgataattggcgggataaaatggacgatatgggtgtgccgtatgcgttttgtatccacgataaagaccatttatcagagtacaacaagaaaaagggtaaagatgtcgaagaagaagaacgtaaaacacacgtacatatcattttagcattcaataatacaacaacgtataatcacgctttaaatacacttatggagttatctaaacccggtaagagatgtctaaacacaatggagattgtacgtaatatcagaaacaaatatgaatatctgatacacaatactgaaaaggctaaaaaagataagaaatatcaatatcctattgcagaacgtataacaggaaacaatttcgatataggtgcatacgagcagataacttctaccgataaaaacagaatggctaaagagttatgtaagctgattcgtgataatggtatatgtaactttgctgacttcttcgatatggtaagtgaaatggatatggaatacttcgatattatgaaaacatattcggggttgttcgataggttatgtaaaggcaattatcataaagcacaaaatggaacaaatgacaacatttttattaaaaataataatgaaaatgctgacgattcctaa
>gene_2623|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
gaagaattcaaactctatgagttttcgatcattgacttctgtaagatctgcggcatcgatcacacctccggaggcaactatgccgatttgaagagggccgtgaaagagataagtgataaaagtatctggatccagatcgatgaggatcaagaaacgctcctccggtggatcgaaaagccgtatctgaataagagatccggaacgatcaagatccggctggatgaggatatgaagccttacctcctccagctaaagaaaaactttacgagctacgagctgatatttaccctgcggttccggagtaaatacaccactcgcctcttcgagttgatcagcagcatacattatcgaaccctggaggcatactcacggcaatatacgatcaacgaactccggcggctaatgggcgcagagaattataaaacctggcagagcttcaaggagcgcgctctgatccctgcggtcaatgagatcaatcgttatagcgataagaacctggagtatagtgttatcaaacaaggccgttctgtgataggcctggagctgacagtttcatcaaaggacaccattgaggcgatccggctccgggacgagattgagaaagaatttggctatgatcagatgaccttctgggacgagctgaaaggatatgggtatgtaaatgactga
>gene_27392|Replication protein repB
atggctggaaaatcaagtagtacaagccgtttccgcaattttgcaacggtagtctatcccgaatctgcacccgaaaattggattgaaacactttcagaacaatgtgttcccgttttcgtgtctccgcttcatgacctcgatgtaaacccagatggagaagtaaaaaaagctcattatcatgttttattctgctttgagggtgtaaagactgctgaacaagtcagggttgtttctgacctcatcggcggtgttggtcttgaagtagtt
>gene_58070|Plasmid replication protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttctt
>gene_48488|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_35527|Plasmid replication protein
aaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_34431|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_38476|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_35387|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_56348|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaagaaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaaaaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggagaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_2890|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaaaaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_42930|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttgaataaaacaagtgaattttggatgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_36623|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_33301|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgttgctttttggacgtcagttcgaaaggcgagtttttttagcaaggaatttgatagaaaaggagataaaaatggagaaacgaataagaaattttgcatttttaatttatgaagactcagcactcgagaattggaaggaaaaacttgaaagcttatttgttcctagtttatttatctatcatgatcaagatactgactcggaaggaaaagttaaaaagcctcattatcatgttcttgtgatgcttgatactccgcatgggttaaggcgtatcaagaaaatggttagttttgttggtggagcaaatgattctttttgtgaagtagcaaatttaaagggctatgctcgttatctatgtcatttagataatttggaaaagcatagatatcagatttctgaagttgtttctttaagtggtgctgattatgaaaaatttatctttacagagtcagataggataatgcttgttagagaaataatagaattttgcagaagtaatcgtatctacagttacgctcgtttagttgattattgcctggataataattcatcttggtttaaaatactttgcagtttttatggtcgttcagtaagagattacatacgttctttctattgggaaaaggaaatcaatagaaatccataa
>gene_27081|Plasmid recombination enzyme type 1
atgagtgaatttgcaatatttagagtgcagaagttgaagcctggctcccgtggctctggaaccttggggcaaactttgaagcacttaaaacatcatcttaacagtgcagaaattagcaacccacagaatagtaaatataattttttaactggttgcactgattataaaaaaacattaaaagccgttaattattacaaagatgaacataaaaaacataatcttagagcagttaaaaaagattcttgtattgcttgtgaatgtgtgttttcttatacaaaaacaaagcaaaaccaaaacttagaatatgctcaaatgtttgagcaatccataaaaacattttgtgagcaaaagtttccagatgtccatttggtggcttttgcaaggcatgcagatgaggagtcttatcattggcatttggttttcataccatttgacaaacaaaaaaagcgattttctgccaaggaccttttaggaggtccaaaagaaatgagcaaactacaagatgatttttttaattgttgtaagtcgttaggacttacaagaggtattagcaaaaaaataacaaaaagcaaccacaaaacaaaacaagaacacaacaggcagaaactgctacaacaagagcaacaactccaagaaatagcacaaattaaagatgaggttttaagatga
>gene_32118|Mobilization protein
gtgggacaaatatcaagtattcacttaaagcctagcaaggattttaatgtgtggcataatgccgacatacgccctagttacgctattgattcaagtggcagggggctttggtttaatagaaatgggttagaagctcaacaactaaaagaacaaatcattaaacaagcaaaagaacaatatgaaaagcattgcaaggcacgaaataaagcatttcaagcaaaatcttacgagtggagcgcagttgttaatttaaaaccagattctacacaagatgatttagaaaaactagcaaaacattttagcgataaatatggctttcaatgctaccaaatagcgatacacagggacgaggggcatataaacgagcagggcgaaaaaatcataaatcatcacgcacatttagaatttatcacgctagacaaggaaacgggcaaaaatcgttttagaggtagtttgcgaacgccaaaggcattaagtcaaatgcaaagcgaagtcgcagagattctacaaatggagcgcggaattgagaagcaacgaagcggagctaaacgaatcgaaccacgagtttttgcagcaatcaaagagcagcaaaaaagagaggcaaaagccctaaaaaacgaatttttaagccaaaaagaagtagatgagcgaataagagcagaaaaa
>gene_21711|Replication initiation protein
gtgccaagcagtagcaaagagaaacaaagagagtatgacaagaaacgagcaggacgaacaaggaattatacggctattctttatcccgattctttgcccaaaaatttcaagcaactgattataggtactcgtgttcgtgtatttttctccccagtgcataagcccgaagcggatgaaaagaaagagcatatacacgttcttcctgtattcggcaatccacagacacctcaacaggcgtttgatttctttgcagatctgttcggtaaatccgaaacaggttcgattaacggagttgctcgccccgaaaaagttactgatatgtgttcgatgttacgttatttcgcacatatggataatcccgaaaaaatccaatacagtgtcgatgaaatcgagtgttacaacggtgcagatttgaataagtatctcgaatacacggagtcggaacgtctgaaaatgatgatggaagttcatgctcttattcgttcaaaggacatcagagagtattcacagttggttgatttcttagaacgtgacccccgtttattggcgttagtatgcactcggaataccgtgcattttcgcgcctatatcacatcataccggaataacaagaaagagtgtgagttgatgcaagaagccctcgaagaaggacgcgcatacatggac
>gene_38894|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaccttttatacaaaacggaaatttgatacaatactcttgacgaaagtcaggaggttttttattttgagcagtaacagaacacgtgactcatctgcagagcgtaatcgtaattgggtctttatcgcttacccggaatccctcccaaataactgggtcgatcaactgatcgaaatgggcgtaaaaggctgttttagccctctccacgataaagacaccaatgaggacggatccgcaaagaaaccgcattaccatgttcttatcacattctccggcaacaaaagcctcaaacagattagcgagatcactcatgcaatcggacagacacaacctttcgttgcaaagtccgttgagggaacaatccggtatatgtctcataaggactgcccagcaaaagtccagtatgatgagacacagattcgcgacttcggaggtttcaatcacaaggaacattccggtacaaccgagcaaaaggcgtccggcctgaaatcgtttatcaagttcatgcaagattgtgagtgtgcacatttctatgatctggtcatcatggcaactgcatccggagatgatgatcttctcgtgttcatcactcaaaattcgtacttatgtaacatattgttccgcagtcgtcgggacaaggaacaggaggatattcaatatgatcgttaa
>gene_5499|Putative plasmid replication protein
ttgttgtcttgtactatacaattagcacaagataaaaataaaagaaaggtggttgcaatggaaatgaatcagcaaactactacaaaaaaagttaaagttatcggcacacaacaatatattaacgcttccacaggcgagctggaggaaatgcaggtaacagagttacaagaccgtgactttaactttacaaaaatttggctgaaaaatcttatcactaaacttgagttggtcgggaaccaaaagaccaaattagcttactggattatcgaccatctaaacaaagaaaatcagctcgtcatgacctacagacaaatgtctaaagaaagtaaaatttctttagagacggtccgcatgactatgaaaattttgatggacgcagattttatccgtcgtttaaacatcggggcatatgttgtaaatcctgatgtggtttttaagggctcgcgaggtgcacgcttaaatatattaagcgtatataatacagcggaacatgttaccatgaccgacacagaaaaaattaaatgctatcgtaaaagcattaaattgttagaagaaaaaattcagaagcttgaagttaaatccgcaacgcttgcaagcgatggaaaatattatgttgaagctaacatacttgaagaagcacaagcagttaccacctcgacttccgtgtaa
>gene_55941|Plasmid recombination protein
atggcacaatattgcattttccgtgcggctaagctgcagaggggacatgggcgccattcagtaggaaaagcaatcaggcatcttgaaaagcatttgacttgcgccgacatttctcgacctgaacggactcacttgaatcgaagtcaggtgttttatgaaaatttatcctcagaaattaagggcgcaattgacttgcataattttaacagttcccgagcgctcaggtcagatgcagccgttgcttttgagatgatatttacttattcccccgaaatggaagagaaaatcaattctcaggacttctatgaaaaaataaaacaattttgccatcaagaattcaaaggggctaagcctctcagggttgactttcatgctgatgaaacagttagtcattttcatgttgttatgctcgcaacaactccggaactgaaaatttctgcccgggagcatttaggtaataaagctcatctgagtcagcttcaagaccgttttgcagacctctgcaagccgttaggcctgcagagaggtaaaaagtatcacggacaaaagaaaaagccctcacacgtggctttgagggattataagcagaaacagattgaagacattaagtttctcgagcagatgaaaaaaaaagctactgctgaactgcagcaggagctttgtaggtaa
>gene_53567|Replication protein
atgaaccacggcaaagctggtctgcgcggaaatgtcggcggatggaccgctgcaagctccaggcgaaacctgcgcttcctctggtctgtgcagaccgatgagctgaccggccagggctggtccttcaccctcacgatccgcgattgtccggccacgccgaaagactgggcggactggtgcaaagtctactggaaacgcctggaggccgctggtgctatccggctgcactgggtcatcgaatggcagcgacgtggttgccctcacctgcatgggtccgtctatttccctggcgccatgaccagggcggaggtcgagaacgtccttctggctggctggtgctaccgcaacccgtatggccctctcatgcgctctcagcgatgcctcccgatctacgatgccattggatggggccaatacgtcgcaaagcacgccgctcgcggtgtgcgtcactaccaacgcgctcccgagaatatcccgtctgagtggaaaggccgcactggccggatgtggggctatcgtggctcctggccgctctcagagcctctcaggatcgaattggaggacaagaccggagatggtggctggtatgcgtttcgtcgcctggtgaggtcctacggggtcgctcaggcacgttccaagggtgatcgagctgcccaggtctacgcc
>gene_35424|Replication-associated protein G2P
gtgatcgactggctgacgatccgcgttctctcagcctatgaagtccgggccggatacgtcgagagcatcaccgccgagggtcgaactgagtggcgagcaccaaaacggttgccggttgaggggtcgcattcctcaacgatcacccttcgccagacggcgatgttcccgaaccttgaaatctcgggcaacccatccaagtttctgcaagggcacaaccttttcggttctgatgatctgccggggatcgtgtcggcgttcgttcgggccgtttacgcgaggatcggctatgaagcgtccgagctcgagctcttggcgatcgacaagggcaacgtggtcatcacccggatcgacgtaaaccgcaattccgacttcggcacttcggccagggcgttggctgccgttcgcgcgttgtctgagtgctcgcacttggcacaccgcggccgtggttcgttgacgcacgaaggcacctgcatctggggcaaagggtcgcggcgctggaatctcaaggtgtatgcaaagcggcaggagctacgcaaacacgcgatcccgtttacggtgccgatggttactcagctgatggactttgcagagggaattgtcaggcaagaagtaaccattcgaagtatggagttgaagcggcgtcagcttgatttcgttcgaaactgg
>gene_22315|Replication protein
atgagtaaagaaaaggaaagccccacggctttgggaggcacggcggggctgtctaaccgtgaagattctaccacggaaagtggtgcaaaacgacacaaaggtgctgtcaaacgtactcgcaactatacaaccgttttttatccagattcagctcccgaaaactggcgggaaatcctatcggagctatgcgtgccatgtgtggtgtctcctctgcacgaaaatgataaaaacccagatggcacggcaaaaaaaccacactggcacgttatgtttatgtattcagcgcctaaaacgatttcccaagcaatggagcttgtctcgatgattaacggcgtagggtgccagcccgtgaaagacacacgcgcaatggcgcgctacttctgccatctcgacaatccgagcaaggcgcagtacagccccgacgctgttctatgctttggtggcgctgactatctcgaacttatcgccagtacgtccgacaagtacagggcgattgccgaaatggaagagtggtgcgacgagcagggcgtggatagctatcgtgacttatgccgatatgcccgcaaggagcgtccagactggcacaggctgttgtgcacgtgctgttctgtgcacatgaccgcctacctcaagagtgccacttggacggactcgcgcaacggttag
>gene_30330|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggcaagaaaacaaagcgaaatgcaaaaaacggcacagaaaaaggcagatgaaaaaaggcaagggaaaagatcaagatcatgggcgtgtattatctatccggagtcggcaccaaatgaatggagaaaggagctagaggcgctaaaactagaagcgcttgtttctcccctgcatgataaggatatggacgaagatgggccaaaaaagccacattatcacgtaattctagtatggagcgcgccagtaagtgatgcggtggcacagagggcaatggaaactataggatatacaggatcgccggagagggtgttgagtttaaaagggtatgcaagatatcttattcacatggacaacccagaaaaa
>gene_7164|Replication protein
atgcagatttggagcgacctcccgatacgggaggtttttttgatggctactaacagcaagagcgtacagcgcaagtcggacgcaaaaagggctggcaagcgtgcgagggcatggacggctatcgtctaccccgagagcgcggtcgatggatggctggacatcctgcgcgaccagctggtggagtgtctggtatcgccgctacacgacaaagacgtgctaccgactggtgaggcgaaaaagccgcaccatcacgtggttctgtcgttcaagaatccgaccacatacagcaaggcgtgcgaggtgttcgaggccatcggcgctgtcgtgcctccggaggatacctgcagggtcaaagactttcgtcagatggctaggtatctgtgccacctagaccagccggacaaataccgctaccagatgcaggacgtgaccagcatcgggagcattgactaccagtctttgtgcatgagcgccgccgacgaggatgacatgctcgaccagatttttgaggctatggacgaatacgcactggacagctaccccaaggtggttcggttcgccaaagagcaacaccccgaatggaaaagcatcgtgtaccgcaagtacacgcggcagatagccgagtatgccaagggcttgcactacgagtacaagacggcgctatag
>gene_43035|Replication protein RepB
atgactaagacaacaaaagataaacctatcagagccaaagactggacttttatcggataccccgaaagcttacccgaaaactggatccaaatattacaagaagaatttgaagtttcaaaagctatcatcagcccgttacacgataaagacaaaaataacgacccagaacaatccgataaaaagccccattatcacgttattttaagatacgggagcatgaaatcattcactcaaatccaagaaataacaacaaggctaaactccccaatccctcagaaagtcaacaatatcgaaggagcagttaggtatctgcttcatatcgataatcccgaaaaagcccaatacagtcaatcagacataaaaacaatcggaaacgttgacatagaacgatacttcaaacgcacaaatgccgaagaagacagcgtacaagctgaaataatcgaatacataaaagccaatgatattacagaatttgccgaccttatggattttgttctagaagaaaattacgattggtttcgtttcctttgtcgtcattcctacatggtcgataaatacataacttctcgcagacatattgcagaaaaacaagcaaagaaaaacaaacccaacgacattgctgaacttaccaaaattattggccttttaataaataacaagacataa
>gene_183|Replication protein RepB
atgactaagacaacaaaagataaacctatcagagccaaagactggacttttatcggataccccgaaagcttacccgaaaactggatccaaatattacaagaagaatttgaagtttcaaaagctatcatcagcccgttacacgataaagacaaaaataacgacccagaacaatccgataaaaagccccattatcacgttattttaagatacgggagcatgaaatcattcactcaaatccaagaaataacaacaaggctaaactccccaatccctcagaaagtcaacaatatcgaaggagcagttaggtatctgcttcatatcgataatcccgaaaaagcccaatacagtcaatcagacataaaaacaatcggaaacgttgacatagaacgatacttcaaacgcacaaatgccgaagaagacagcgtacaagctgaaataatcgaatacataaaagccaatgatattacagaatttgccgaccttatggattttgttctagaagaaaattacgattggtttcgtttcctttgtcgtcattcctacatggtcgataaatacataacttctcgcagacatattgcagaaaaacaagcaaagaaaaaccaacccaacgacattgctgaacttaccaaaattattggccttttaataaataacaagacataa
>gene_9051|RepA
atgatcgagacgaaggcgtgggagcagtgctggcttcccctctggccgctggcatcggatgacctgcgcgcaggcatctaccgagaggcccgcaagacggctatgcgccgccgctacgtcgagacgaaccctgcggccctgtcgaacctgctggtcgtggacatcgaccacgaggacgcgctcatgcgcgccatttgggagaaggcagctgatcacgggcggcagggctggcttcccaacgccgtcgtggagaacccggacaacggacacgctcatgcggtctgggctctccgggaacccattaccaggacggaatacgcccgcaggaaacctctagcgttcgccgcggccgtcacagagggcctgcgccgagctacggatgcggacaagggctacagcggcctgatcaccaagaacccgctccacgactcatgggacgcctcctggtggactgacgagctgtacagcctcgactatctggccgagcgtctggcagacatcgaatgcatgcctccagcctcctggaagcgcaccaaacgccggaacgtcaccggactgggccggaactgctccatcttcgaatcagcccgcacatgggcctacagagccgtccgcaaccacttcggagacgcccagggattctgtgacgccgtgtacgcacac
>gene_13094|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaaatgactatacaacaagcttttgataacttcatactatctcgtaggctagctgatttgtctgaaaagaccataggaaactatacggactttataactccttttataacgtctattggcgcagataagcagataaacgcacttttggaaacggatataaacgaatacattggggcgctgattaaaagaccattaagcaaggctagtcggtcaacatatattcggcatctgaaaatatttctacgttgggcagagagtacatacaagctacaaatcaatgcaaagcatatacgagttcctaggtcaccaaagcgacttgtaaagatatatgcagatgaggaaataacacagatattcaatgcgatacaaacaaacatagagtggatttccatgcgaaacaagtgcattgtggcattgatgtatgacagtgggttaagacaagcagaagtttgtaccttaaagcgcaagaacgtgtcatttgccgataataggcttgttgtacgaggtaaaggcaataaggagcgcacagttccactaggtcagcttacacaacactttatgaggatatacttcgatatgtgtccattttcgacagaagatgtatttgtaaatcgcagaggagaaccgctgacttgtaatgcggttaagctgatgattact
>gene_34853|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_20675|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_8984|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_34017|replication protein
gtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_57946|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_42089|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_48921|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_37663|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_45088|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_35057|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_34390|replication protein
atgacagaaaatacaaattccaataattccgatacaactcatgtatctaatgaaactgtcaatgcaatgggtaaaaccattcaagaacagcaatcaaagatcgctgaacaggaagagttactcaaaaagaaagataaacgaaaatcaccttataaacgatgggtacaactagattgtgattttggcacagacgcattattcaatctaatgtcagattcaccaacggcagcaaagatcttcattgtatttataaaatttatgggaaattcaaattcaatcattgtatcgaacgatcttttacaacagctgacgaacctaaaaaagacagctgtttatgatgctttgaaatacttattagatcattgctatatacagcgcattcccattggaagatctgcatacgcatattccatttcgccagaaatcgtatggaaatcgtacggtgatcgtgtcaaaacagctgaatttacagcaaaagttatcgttgatgcgaaaattgatggtgacaaaataactgaatatttgaaaaaacagaaacgaattctcgttcctgttatatctaattcagaagccgaaaaaagctcactggatcatccaatcgaggaaccagaaataggatcacctgtagatcttaaaaagccaaccgacacagacacacctttttaa
>gene_55522|Rep50
ttgcatctggagtggattgagagtcctctccatgagttcgacgtaaatgccgatggggaagtcaaaaaggcacactggcatgtgctgattctcttcggtggcgtcaagtcctacgaacaggtttccgaggttgtgaagccgctgaatggctctatccctcagcgttgccacaatgccaaagcacaggtgcggtatttcgcccatctggataacccagagaagtaccagtacagcgtttctgacatccgtccgcatggaggtgttgacctgtccgaaatgctccgtccgtcctcctctgagcggtatacgctcatcggtgaaatgatggagtgggtcaagctcaatggggtcaccgagttcgccgacctcatcgacttcgccctggttgagcatccagacgactggattccgctcctgtgtgacagctgtgctatcatcatgagcacttacataacctcttgccgctatcgagcggaggcgcggcggcaacaaaaaacagccgccccgccgacgcagcaggccaacaattag
>gene_761|Replication protein RepB
atgagcgaaaaaaacgcaaatagacgtgctaggaattggtgtgcggtggtctatcctgactctgcccctagtgactggcaacaaatacttgataacttgaatatccgttgggcatgtagtccattacatgataaggatacagacgacgatacacagctgaaaaaggcacattggcatattgttttatgttacagtggcaataagtcatttgagcaagtaaaagaggatttggcagagattaactgtcctatccctcaaatatgccgtgatgtgcgttcatcggtgcgatacttcgtacacttagaccaccctcacaaataccaatatgacaaggcagaaattcaaggttttggtggttttgatgtagctgacattttcgcattgtctacaagtgaaaaacatcaacttatagacgagatttttgattttatcattgaatgggatattaaagagtattttgatttattgttggcacttcgtcagctcgacaagacaaaatttgattttgccacagataatcatgcactctttgaaagaattatcaaaagtaatcgacacagggcaagacgtaccgtcatacataccgataatgatggcaagatagtacgtaccgaggttgatgaagatggctgcatagtcgataattcagaagaaaatcaatcataa
>gene_38655|Replication protein RepB
atgagcgaaaaaaacgcaaatagacgtgctaggaattggtgtgcagttgtttatccagactctgcccctagtgattggcagcagatacttgataacttgaatatccgttgggcatgtagtccattacatgacaaggatactgatgacgatacacagttaaaaaaagcacattggcatattgtcctttgttacagtggcaataagtcatttgagcaagtaaaagaggatttagccgagattaactgtcctatccctcaaatatgccgtgatgtgcgttcatctgtgcgatacttcgtacacttagaccaccctcacaaataccaatatgacaaggcagaaattcaaggtttcggtggttttgatgtagctgacattttcgcattgtctacaagtgaaaaacatcaacttatagacgagatttttgattttatcattgaatgggatattaaagagtattttgatttattgttggcacttcgtcagcttgacaagacaaaatttgactttgccacagacaatcacgcactctttgaaagaattatcaaaagtaatcgacacagggcaagacgtaccgtcatacataccgataatgat
>gene_51458|replication protein
atgacggcatacgcatacatttgttctcatccagagctttccttgggctctgggtggttgctcttgaccttgaccgtaaggaacgtggagccggacaggctgtatgatgaggtgcggcgaatgctgggcgcttcgtctgatttgcaacggcataaggaggtcaagcgggcatggcttggggccgctagggggctggaagtgacctataatcgggatgcagggacattccatccgcatattcattacctgatttatgcggcccccggctattttggcagggggtacataaagcgggaaagatatgcggagatatggaaagacgtcatgggcctagattatatccctgtgtgtgacgtgcgcaaggtacataatccggacggcgcagtagccgaggtgtcgaaatacgttgttaaaatggccgacgtgctatctttgccggaggccgaggcgattcccgttatagatacactggccgatgcaattcacggtcggcgtatgattagttataccggggcatttaaggccgctaggagggattgtaagctagggaacgtagatgccatagacggaaccgaggacggcgaaagtatttcccaggaagccaaggaagtgctttatcgctggcactatggcatgaatgagtataagcgagattccagctactag
>gene_6756|MULTISPECIES: replication protein
atgtcttctaaaatctcaacaagtgatgttaacggtaaaggtcgcacccgtaactacacaactatcgtctatcctgaaagtgcgcccgaaaattggaaatccattcttgaagaaaagatggttcctgctttcgtttcccctttgcacgacaaagatgtaaaccccgatggggaagttaagaaagcacatttccatgtcattctctgctttgatggtcccaaaacctacgaacaggcgaaagaaataacagacgctattggtggcgttggttgtcagcctgtaaacagtattcgtgggaatgctcgctatctttgccatttagacaaccccgataaagcacaatattctctcgatgatgttatttgcttatgcggtgctgactatgcttcgactatcaacctgcctaccgacaagtacaaggctatcaaagaaatgatggactattgcagaacagaacagatttacctctattctgacctgctggactactgtgccgtttataggtctgattggttcagagtgctttgtgataatgggactatggtcattatgacttatcttaaatcacttcaatttaaggctaaagaagcagccgaacaggaacacaaacttcgtcttaacaaagaagctgcagccattattgcgaaagaagctgctaattcatag
>gene_20644|replication protein RepB
atggcaacaaatagtaaatcaaaacagaaacagtatgaaaaaaatcgtgcggaaaaacatggtgaccgcagacaagcatggctttgtattttgtatcgggattctgctccgtccaattatgttgatatcataaatgcaaaaggatgggactgggttgaagcatggcatgataaagacccggaccctaaaaagcctggggaattaaaaaaagaacatggacatatactgttttattccaaagcaaagatatatgaagatgaagtggttgcacttgttaaaaaattaaatggtgcttcaaaggttgttccgtgtaaagatattacaggtagtctgatgtactttacgcacaacactgaagatgcaaaacgtgatggtaaatatgtgtatgattcggacattattattccgcatggtaattttgatttagaaaaatatttgcaaggtagtcgtaaacatacgaagaaaattatcgaagcaatgttggattggtgtagagaaaataattgcgaaaattattgtgattttgtggattattgtagaacggaagaaccaatatggttagacatgcttgcatataatcctgcatcattgatggaaaaatatatccaaagtaggtggcgtaaaaatcaaaatgaatgtaaaaaacacggtggttgtaaatattaa
>gene_20479|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgaccgagaattatagagaatgttttgaatatttgtccgcacagtatccgcaggtcggaggatgtgagttttacagagatctgttcccggataatgagaatgccggggagcagcatacggattattctcatccgaatgcaatttatctgtaccgggatgaaggagatctggatcagaagaagctgcgcagacgtgttatgcttaatgatacatgggagcaggactatatggactatgtagagcaaaatcctatgacgctgtgcagcggccttgtttatcggagaagagaaaataggctggagaatgcccagcgcatgaacgctctgatcttcgatcttgacggtgtggggctgcgtgaaattagaaaccttttccttcgcttcggcggagattcggcactcctgcggcggctgccaatgccgacttatcttgtgctgtccgggacagggcttcatgtgtactatgttttccgggagccgatagatctatacccgaatataaagatacagctgaaaagcctgaaatacgatcttacgttccgtatgtgggagtataaggcgacttctcaggtcaaggcgatacagtatcagtcaatcaaccagggctttcgtatggtcggttctgtcaatgcaaaacacggtacggagctggtagctttccgt
>gene_43638|Putative recombination protein
atggctaacttttcaaagtttaaaaaacaaggacttaaaaacattattaaagaggcttacagagaaaccgaccattataaaaatgatgttgataaatctaaaagcaaatataactattacttcaagagttatgaacaaacaatcaaaaaattagatgaaacacttaaacgcttgccaccaaaacgcaaagacgcggtactttgtataggagaagttataactacacctcttgaactcaagtcaaaagatataaatatttatcttcaaaccttaatgagttataataacaatctttttggaaaagaaaacttattatattttaacattcataatgatgaaacaagacaacatattcaaattggttatttacctctaaaagataacaaatggcaatgtaaaaacattttgaatagagaattattgaaaaactatcacaaagacctacaacacttaatggacaaaaatcttggttatcatattcaaattgaaaatgatgtcaaacgagaacgattacattttgaggactttaaaaaaacaaacggcgatttttggaaacaaaaatatatagacaaatgcgatgagcttcaagacatcaaagaacaatataacaaggagattgataaacttttagttgaaaacgaacaaatacatctaagatattaa
>gene_55641|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtttatgtctaaaaatctaacacaaaaaacaaaaaaaagaaactgggcttgtgttgtctatccagaatctttgccacaaaattggcattcaattttgattgaatcgggattgcaaattgcaatatctccattgcacgataaggatttggaagctgatggaacgacaccaaaaaagccacattatcacataattttaatttattcgggtccaacttctttttctgtcgttcaaactttaacgaaaaaattaaatgcacctgctcccattcctttggaagctgttcggggctattacagatatttaacgcacaaagataaccccgaaaaataccaatatgacgaaaaagaaattcaatgtttgaatggattttcaattcttgattttgtcgagcttacaaaaacagaagttctcaaaataaaaaaaatcttgattgaagaaattaaaaaaaatgacttttgcgaatattcaacttttgttgattatgttatgaattgcctttctgataatgaattagatgttgctgtaaatcacactttcttttttgacaaatatctttcatcacgcagacacaaaagagaatctgtttcaaattccaaaatgacaaaagcagaaattgacgaattatctcgccaagctctcaacagtcaaaagagtgaatag
>gene_36345|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgaggtcagaagcccagaagaaggcagagaaaaggtacgaggagagtcataaggaacagcgctccaagcgtaaggacttctggctcttcgagttctatcccgactctgcacccgagaattggcgtgagattatcaacggctggctggttgactgccttgtctcgccactgcacgactcggatatcaacgaggacgggactaagaagaagccacactggcatggcatccttttcttcgacagtcagaagagctttgagcaggtaaacgagctcatccgtccgttgaacgggccaatcccaatctatccgaaggggtcgaaacgcaacagtgcccgttacctttgccacctcaacaaccccgagaagcaccgctatgacgagtctggagtcatcgagttccagaacgccagctaccaagatctaaaagtccgagataacgacaagtacgggtacatcggcgagatgatggatttcgtggacgagcagggaatctactcctacgcgagactcctcagatattcaagggagaacaaggaggagtggttccgatgcctatgtgacaacggaacatacgtcatgaaggaatactgcaagactgccgagcacgatgcgaaggtggcggctcgcgaggagtgggcacacagccacccgggtcggtag
>gene_5637|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaatagaaaacaaggcttgacgctcacggcataccctgagagcctgccgcctgattgggctactcagttagagcaattgccctttggcttctgctatgccttgcacgattgcgatacagacgaaaacggagaactaaaaaaggctcatatacacatctattttctcgctaacccaaacaagaaacaacgtgagtatataagccttgtgaccggcatacagttcttaattgatgttcattctgccggtgatatgtacgaatacttgactcatgagaataaccctgagaagtatcactatgataggaatattatacaacattcgtcaaagtggagtcaagaggattttgaaaatatatcctcggttaatgcaagcaataaggtcgatacaaagctatttgaaataatatccttaattaacgattttcaccttatagatatggctgcgcttacagactttattgtgaaaaatcctgaatatagcaatttacttagtgaaacaagaaaaggcagttattacctcaaagaatacatgtatcagaagttccgctctgaatatgcacagaaaaacgcctacaatgcacgagaacagggctctaatacttgcaaggtaaaaacaccctctgacatgttagacgaccttaacgggctttctcgt
>gene_8933|Initiator RepB protein
ggcgatgaaatcttatttgcttgggtggatacgctaataatgcgtaaaaataaatcggttgaggttgtcttatcagaagcattaaaaccactattattaaatctttctaaatcatttacggcctatgaacttataaatgcgctttgccttcgcggtcgatatagccttcgcttgtatgaactcgctaaaagttatctatggttaggaaaatgggcgataagtgttgaggactttcgtgaaacaatgtatcttcaacaaaaatatcctctattcaaggaacttaaaagaaatgttatagattgtagtattgctgaaatcaataagttttgtgatatcaatatatcatatgaaacaataaagaaaggtcgtagtatagatacaatagttttctatatagaagaaaagagtggtattcaaatgacattagatttaatgttaaatcaagaagaaagattagcgattagaggaaaaacaaaatga
>gene_21317|Initiator RepB protein
cgcatacttgtgtatctaatttcaaaggttggaaagaacgaccaagattttaaaagggtaaggtttaatatatcagagtattgcgatgtatgtaatttacagaagaacggaacagagtttgaaagaattaaagaatcattaaaaggattaagagataagagttattggattaaaaacgagtttggcgatgaaatcttatttgcttgggtggatacgctaataatgcgtaaaaataaatcggttgaggttgtcttatcagaagcattaaaaccactattattaaatctttctaaatcatttacggcctatgaacttataaatgcgctttgccttcgcggtcgatatagccttcgcttgtatgaactcgctaaaagttatctatggttaggaaaatgggcgataagtgttgaggactttcgtgaaacaatgtatcttcaacaaaaatatcctctattcaaggaacttaaaagaaatgttatagattgtagtattgctgaaatcaataagttttgtgatatcaatatatcatatgaaacaataaagaaaggtcgtagtatagatacaatagttttctatatagaagaaaagagtggtattcaaatgacattagatttaatgttaaatcaagaagaaagattagcgattagaggaaaaacaaaatga
>gene_14005|Putative replication protein
atgaatttaccacaaaagggcattattggcggtatacagtttgaccctcgcaagagtggcaaagcatgggagtttattgtataccctgaaagtgcacccgccgaatggattgataatcttattgcttttggtgtgccgtttgctattagtccattacatgataaggatatatctgcaaacggtgaacctaaaaaggcacattatcacgttatttgtgtgtggccaagcggtacgaaatggcaaacggcaacaacagtttgcgatattacaaacggaccttgttgcataccgtgtgccaatattcgtacaaaatacgactacttaacacacaaaaacgacccaaacaaggcacaatatgaccccgcagatattcaaacatataacggttttgcaatatcaaaatatgagagtttgacatctgcagaagttggtcaaatggtcattgagtgcacgaagttatgtcgtgaaatgtgctttactgaatatgcggatttattgttccatttgttagattgcgaaatgttcgacgagtttgatgtcgtaagcaatcgaacaatatactttaccgcattgattaaaggaatatggcgaaaaggtgcacagtataaagtagacccaagcaccggcgaagtgctggaaaacccgcaacaattagacgactaa
>gene_43429|RepB
atggcacgaaagcaaaaaaaaaaggcgtcggctttcgtggagccattacgccaaaaactattgtctatggaggtattttatcacatgtcagaaaaaaaatcaagcagaactcggaattggtcttttattctttaccccgagtctgcccctgtcgattggcaatctatgattgatgaattgcatattgaatatgctataagtccattacacgataaagatataaatcccgatggtgagccaaaaaaggcacattttcacgttgttttatgttttgcgagtgtaaagacctatgaacaagtaaagcagattaccgacctatttaacgccactattccgcaagtatgcaacagtttacgcggttctattgagtacttttggcataagaacaaccccgaaaaatatcaatacagtaaagccgatgtgaaatgtggtggtggtttagatctagaatctgtattgaagccgacttgtactgaacgacacgcaataattcaagagatgatgttgtatgtatcacaaaatgatattgtcgagctgttcgatttagttaattatgctatgactaacgaaccggactggttttcgtgtttatgcgattcatctaccgtaattatgaatgcttatattaaatctaatcggcacagacaaagacgggaataa
>gene_39087|Putative replication protein
atggctgttaattctacaagtggaaaaggtcgcaccagaaactatgcaacaatagtttatcctgagagtgcgcctgataattggttagatattctttcgcaacagtttgttcctgcttttgttagtccattacatagtgatgatcttaaccctacaggagagaagaaaaagtctcattatcatgtccttattatgtttgaaggagttaagacaagagaacaggctattgctatctttgataaaatcggtggtgttggttgtgatgttatacaatcattgcgtggttacgctcgctatctttgtcatttagataatcccgaaaaagcacaatattgtcctgaagatgttatctctttttgtggtgccgattatcattcggttattggtttaccaactgataagtacaagtgcatccgtgagatgatgacttattgtcaggagaacaatgttattagttatgccgaattattagagtattgttcagttaatcattatgattggtttcgagtcctttgtgataatggtacattggtcataaaggaatatttaaagtctcgacattggactaattcatataagggtattgttgaagttaataatggtaagttaactgatacagttacaggagaaattatagaattagatataacaaaggagtga
>gene_52016|Replication protein
atgggtgaaaccgcccccgtaagatgggcttgtccttacgggggcaaaaaaggtaaagaaggtgaaatgcagttggacgacagacaaaacaccccggttttgactccggtggaagaacacgcagacgcccccgacacggggaaaaagtatcctacaatcaagacgtgcgagatcatgcagtattgggaatacatggacaccaaaagcattgacgaggtgatctcccgcattaagaccttgaaagcgatcaagacatggtgtatcatcacgcatgataaggataccacatcagacggatctcccaagaagccccacttccacgccgtccttacgttctccaatacagtcacgatcaagacagttgcagacacgatcaagattgaaccgcagtacgtcaacaagatcagatctacgactctcgccgctcagatgtacttgatccaccggaacgatcccggcaagtaccagtattctgcaaaggatgtaaaagcaagcttcgattatgtgaccaaggtggatgataccccgatcaagattaagcgggaagacatcgccggaaagattgcttctggtgaaatcaagcgatacaacctcgtttcccacgtctcaccggacgaatacgcacggaacaagcgatactatgacaactgcttcgag
>gene_14430|replication protein
catgacaaggcgaagtattcaccgtctgacgttgtggagctgggtggcgtgtcgtggagcaagacggcgttagacgaggctgaagaggtaaactccatcctagatgagattgaaactttcatcgaggaaagcggttgtctgagctatgcagcactctgcaggtatgcaagagctgagcgggtggagtggacaagggtgattcgcaaaaataccatccatctgacgcagttgcttaaatcgatgcagtgggaatttgaccagatgaacaggccaagagcttaa
>gene_56191|Replication protein
cccaacgattgggaggttttagttttgattcaggattcagagaagaaaaaggcagcgcagcagcgagccaacgagaagagggctggaaagcgtgcgaggggatgggcttgtatcgtttacccggagtctgccccggacgattgggtggagaagctgcgggagggccatgtgcagacgcttattagcccgctgcatgattccgacaagcgggggaatggtgaagccaagaaaccgcactggcacgttctggcgatgtatgaggggcctgtgtctgataccgtggttgcgggttacttcgggcggatcggcgtgacggccccgccggaacgggtagagtcgatcaagggatatgcccgttatctggttcatctggacgaccatgacaaggcgaagtattcaccgtctgacgttgtggagctgggtggcgtgtcgtggagcaagacggcgttagacgaggctgaagaggtaaactccatcctagatgagattgaaactttcatcgaggaaagcggttgtctgagctatgcagcactctgcaggtatgcaagagctgagcgggtggagtggacaagggtgattcgcaaaaataccatccatctgacgcagttgcttaaatcgatgcagtgggaatttgaccagatgaacaggccaagagcttaa
>gene_26607|replication protein RepB, partial
atgtctggtgaaaagtcaaaatactgggttggtgtcttgtatcctgaaaatatgattgaggattgggaagacgtgattgctgaaaaggttcagctcccgtttgcttactgtgtacataaccgtgatgtagacagtgagaaggagaaacggaaagaacacgtacatttgatgattgttttcaggaatacaaccacgtacaaccatgctatgagcgtttatcaaacgttatcagcagaaggaaagtcttgtacaaacaagattgaacgcgtgtttagtgtccgaggcaagtacaattacctcatacacgacactgacgaatgtcgtaaaaagaataaagtcttgtataacaagagtgagcgtatcgagggtaatggctttgatataggcttgtatgagcaagtgtccgtagacgagcaagaagaaatgattgatattatgagtgatgacctcatggaatttggtatcacgaatttctatgaagcgtttgcatatgtaaagagtaattacgataaagagtatgtaagacttttcagaaagcattcgggtttctttgaaaggcttacgagaggattatatcatcattacgaaatgcttgcacggaagtcttacgaggacgctcaagagggggattaa
>gene_13662|replication protein RepB, partial
atgtcaccattggaggttttttttatgtctggtgaaaagtcaaaatactgggttggtgtcttgtatcctgaaaatatgattgaggattgggaagacgtgattgctgaaaaggttcagctcccgtttgcttactgtgtacataaccgtgatgtagacagtgagaaggagaaacgtaaggaacacgtacacttgatgattgttttcaggaatacaaccacgtacaatcatgctatgagcgtttatcaaacgttatcagcagaaggaaagtcttgtacaaacaagattgaacgcgtgtttagtgtccgaggcaagtacaattacctcatacacgacactgacgaatgtcgtaaaaagaataaagtcttgtataacaagagtgagcgtatcgagggtaatggttttgatataggcttgtatgagcaagtgtccgtagacgagcaagaagaaatgattgataatatgagtgatgacatcatggaatttggcatcacgaatttctatgaagcgtttgcatacgtgaggagtaattacgataaagagcatgtaagacttttcagaaagcattcaggtttctttgaaaggcttacgaggggattatatcatcactacgaaacgcttgcacggaagtcttacgaggacgctcaagagggggattaa
>gene_43462|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagtcagagtgtatcacaaaaaattaaaaaacgtaattggggatttgtaatttatcccgaatcattgcccgaaaattggatggatattttaatgcaatcgggattgcctttggcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgtgaatccagatggaacaccaaaaaagccacacttccacgttatagcgatttacggaagtccaacaacttttaacaatgtcaaaactttgacagatagactaaatgctccaatccctatttttttggaccaagttcggggcatgtatcgttatcatatacatcaggacaatcccgaaaaatttcagtatgacgataaagacagaatccttttgaatggattcagtattttagatttttgcgaactgactaaaaatgaagttctgcagattaagaaaaaaatggttgctgtcatcaaagaaaatcaactttgtgaatattcgacttttgttgattttgtgatggagcattacaccgatacagagtttgacgttgtaagtaataatactttctttttcgacaagtatctgacaagttgcagacactcatcaccacaaaagcaaactgattcttcagatgtccaggatttagtcaaagaatgtatggaatcacaagaaggggggacggggggaaactag
>gene_44776|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagtcagagtgtatcacaaaaaattaaaaaacgtaattggggatttgtaatttatcccgaatcattgcccgaaaattggatggatattttaatgcaatcgggattgcctttggcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgtgaatccagatggaacaccaaaaaagccacacttccacgttatagcgatttacggaagtccaacaacttttaacaatgtcaaaactttgacagatagactaaatgctccaatccctatttttttggaccaagttcggggcatgtatcgttatcatatacatcaggacaatcccgaaaaatttcagtatgacgataaagacagaatccttttgaatggattcagtattttagatttttgcgaactgactaaaaatgaagttctgcagattaagaaaaaaatggttgctgtcatcaaagaaaatcaactttgtgaatattcgacttttgttgattttgtgatggagcattacaccgatacagagtttgacgttgtaagtaataatactttctttttcgacaagtatctgacaagttgcagacactcatcaccacaaaagcaaactgattcttcagatgtccaggatttagtcaaagaatgtatggaatcacaagaaggggggacggggggaaactag
>gene_279|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagtcagagtgtatcacaaaaaattaaaaaacgtaattggggatttgtaatttatcccgaatcattgcccgaaaattggatggatattttaatgcaatcgggattgcctttggcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgtgaatccagatggaacaccaaaaaagccacacttccacgttatagcgatttacggaagtccaacaacttttaacaatgtcaaaactttgacagatagactaaatgctccaatccctatttttttggaccaagttcgggggatgtatcgttatcatatacatcaggacaatcccgaaaaatttcagtatgacgataaagacagaatccttttgaatggattcagtattttagatttttgcgaactgactaaaaatgaagttctgcagattaagaaaaaaatggttgctatcatcaaagaaaatcaactttgtgaatattcgacttttgttgattttgtgatggagcattacaccgatacagagtttgacgttgtaagtaataatactttctttttcgacaagtatctgacaagttgcagacactcatcaccacaaaagcaaactgattcttcagatgtccaggatttagtcaaagaatgtatggaatcacaagaaggggggacggggggaaactag
>gene_45103|Replication protein RepB
ttgcagcgaatcgaaatcgcaaaaacaagaaaggagttttttatgaccacaaacagtaaagagacgcaacggcgtgctgatgcgaagcgtaaaggtaaacgtgcaagggcatggactacggttgtttatcctgaaagcgtagccgatgactggcaggaaattttgcgtgacgaactcatcgagtgtcttatttcccccttacatgataaggataagaaccctaatgacgatacgattaagaagccacattggcatgttgtactatctttcaaaaatcctgtgacacaagaccatgcagaagaagtgttcgataagattaatggtgtcggtattcagaaggttaaagattttcagcagatggcacgctacctttgccatctcgaccacccaaacaagtaccagtacgacatagcggacgttatcagcatcggtgccatcgattatcgtgctttgattatgtcgggtgctgatgaagatgaaatgctcgatgaaatattcgaaacaatggatacatactatctcgatagttattcgaaagtcgtgcgttttgttcggataaataaaccagaatggcgtgtacttgtctatcgaaaatatacgcgtcagattgcagagtatgcgaggggtttgcattacgaaggcaagcagtctgattaa
>gene_34585|Plasmid replication protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaa
>gene_37713|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_35845|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_20988|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_48345|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_39851|Plasmid replication initiation protein
tcttttgcaatacaaaaaaattacaaaggagcttattttatgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_44602|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_34012|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_35385|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_33013|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccaaaaatgtcaaaaaaaggtactggtgtgctgttgtttaccccgaaagtctgcctgatgactggcaacaaattttgaccgaaactggtctttcttgtgcaatttcacctttgcatgacaaggatgtcgacccgacaggtgaacccaagaaacctcattatcatgtgattctttgttattctgggcctactacttttaatgttgttaagtctttaacagagcgtttaaatgcacctcatcctcagcctctcgattccgtcaaaggctattatcggtatcttacccacaaggacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatgaatctaaaatcaaggttttgggtggctttgatattggcgattttgttgaactgacttcaatggaaatcagtcgaattttaattgatttaacttgtttttgcattgatcaggatattgaggaatatgccgaccttatgaccatcttgacttataaagctctcgacgaaaatgcgactgttgatgatttgaatagggtaaaagttgctcaatctcatacagtttatctgaatacatttgtcagctctcgaagaaacaaagctcaaaagaaagctgcaaaagaaagtaaaaaagtttag
>gene_42869|replication protein
atgagtaataatagcacaaaaacaaaaacagaagaagagaaaagaagtagagaatgggttttcattctttacccagaaagcgccccgaaagattgggaaaatcagttgaaagatttacatataactttcgttgtttctccaattcacgataaagacacaaacccagacgggacacttaaaaaagaacatcatcacattttattgagtttcaactctgtaaaaagttattctcaaattaaagcaataacagacaaactcaatcaacctataccacaaatctgtcataacaaaagcgcccagattagatacttcattcatctggacgacccagaaaaatatcagtattccagaagtgatataaaaacttatggtcaaattgatttagatacttacttcaagttttcagtagatgatgaacttagaatagtagatgaaatcttagattattgtgaagtttccagaattgatgagttttttgagttagtagattactgtagaaaaaataatcgtgattggtttagatatataaataaaaactcttggttgattaaagagtatttgaagtcaaaacactttcacaagaaagaagaaagaatgagagtaatgacatctggaactgatacagaaaaattacttcaagagttagaagatatgtaa
>gene_32617|Protein rep
atgaaccagctggaagctggcggctatgtgttcctgttcctgacgctgactgtgcggaactgttccgctgatgagttacctgggacagtgcaggccctttttgacgggtggcggaaaatgtaccacaaagcgcctgtttttcggaagcgggtcgctgggtcgttccgttccctggaggtcacgcggaatcagaaaacgggggagtttcacccgcacctgcatgttgtgcttgctgtcttaccgtcgtattttgatgggcataattatatgccgcaggcggcatgggcgaagctgtggcgggactgctgcgggctggattataacccggtcgttgacatccggcgtatcaagccggggacgaaggggctggccggggccgtggccgaggtcacgaagtatgcggtcaaaagcgctgactttttatgcggcaccatggccgacagggtggcttatgtcactgcctttctgcgggcgctggctggtcggcggttgtgttcgttcaccggcgtatttgcgaaggtacggaaacagctggccttggacgatgccgaaaccggggatttgttgaacgtggatggtggcgatctacgggatgacgtggcctatatggtcgtgcggtatagctggaagtctggcgtctatgtccgggaaatatga
>gene_18145|Protein rep
atgaaccagctggaagctggcggctatgtgttcctgttcctgacgctgactgtgcggaactgttccgctgatgagttacctgggacagtgcaggccctttttgacgggtggcggaaaatgtaccacaaagcgcctgtttttcggaagcgggtcgctgggtcgttccgttccctggaggtcacgcggaatcagaaaacgggggagtttcacccgcacctgcatgttgtgcttgctgtcttaccgtcgtattttgatgggcataattatatgccgcaggcggcatgggcgaagctgtggcgggactgctgcgggctggattataacccggtcgttgacatccggcgtatcaagccggggacgaaggggctggccggggccgtggccgaggtcacgaagtatgcggtcaaaagcgctgactttttatgcggcaccatggccgacagggtggcttatgtcactgcctttctgcgggcgctggctggtcggcggttgtgttcgttcaccggcgtatttgcgaaggtacggaaacagctggccttggacgatgccgaaaccggggatttgttgaacgtggatggtggcgatctacgggatgacgtggcctatatggtcgtgcggtatagctggaagtctggcgtctatgtccgggaaatatga
>gene_57410|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgattattatgccgagtgcaaccgttacaggcggcattggttcagaacgacacaaccacgaattaggctaccgggccaccctggagcacgtcgtcgtcaatcctgacgacctggttgagttggtcgaataccgcccctacaaagaacagattaacgaactgatgaagccttacattgacgactttaacgcccatgcagaagaacggtaccaggatgcctgggagcggtaccgcgccggcgagaggaaatcgaaacccaagcgcagagaatttccgaagatggggtacgactattacgaggaccacaaagacgatttgattttcattccgaacatcaatcggaaggtggtcagacccatctttcggagccttatcatcggcattggcgaccagtcagaccgtcagcagggccgcattacccgggagcaggccgaggagattttccggaaattccttgacgaattccgggaaaaattcccggagctgcacgtcctgggtgcgaccatccatttcgacgaggcaggattttaccatatgcacctggactacaaacccgtcatggccatggacgtggaaaagggtctgcagtgtaccacgtccctggaaactgtcctggaacagatggggtatgaaccggagcagtccatcatcaatggccgggacaaagtccccatccggttcaatgctttccggaacgaaatgtatcacatcctggaacggcagatgaacgatgtcggtctgcgcctggaatacggcgtgtccaaggtcaaagaaccgggaaaggacagcagccgcaaccagtcgctgaaggactggcaggacacccaggatgccgccattgatatgcagcataccaaaaacaacatcctggacatcctggaacaggacgatatcctcccggaggaaatcaagaaggctgcttccctctgggaacaccttctggagacggtcagagcggccctgacgacctccaagcagcgacttttgaagaaagacgaggtagttatatcctacagcatttttgaccagctccagagctttgctaagcccttttacgaggcgattgcggccttctatacccggctgaagaattctgtcccccgggagcagtacgaggccgcagcagcctttgacaccccggagaaccgggaactggtggccttctgtaagtacaacgatgccaagaactctactgcctggattgatttccagaatgaccgggagtattacctgaagacggagggcgtggacattgtagacctttccagcggccgtaaagcggcccaggagaccacgatagacggtcagcttgaaaatacccgtcagagggcgcaggatagccctggaagccgccaggaacgcccttgggagcttgataggtattga
>gene_27506|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgattattatgccgagtgcaaccgttacaggcggcattggttcagaacgacacaaccacgaattaggctaccgggccaccctggagcacgtcgtcgtcaatcctgacgacctggttgagttggtcgaataccgcccctacaaagaacagattaacgaactgatgaagccttacattgacgactttaacgcccatgcagaagaacggtaccaggatgcctgggagcggtaccgcgccggcgagaggaaatcgaaacccaagcgcagagaatttccgaagatggggtacgactattacgaggaccacaaagacgatttgattttcattccgaacatcaatcggaaggtggtcagacccatctttcggagccttatcatcggcattggcgaccagtcagaccgtcagcagggccgcattacccgggagcaggccgaggagattttccggaaattccttgacgaattccgggaaaaattcccggagctgcacgtcctgggtgcgaccatccatttcgacgaggcaggattttaccatatgcacctggactacaaacccgtcatggccatggacgtggaaaagggtctgcagtgtaccacgtccctggaaactgtcctggaacagatggggtatgaaccggagcagtccatcatcaatggccgggacaaagtccccatccggttcaatgctttccggaacgaaatgtatcacatcctggaacggcagatgaacgatgtcggtctgcgcctggaatacggcgtgtccaaggtcaaagaaccgggaaaggacagcagccgcaaccagtcgctgaaggactggcaggacacccaggatgccgccattgatatgcagcataccaaaaacaacatcctggacatcctggaacaggacgatatcctcccggaggaaatcaagaaggctgcttccctctgggaacaccttctggagacggtcagagcggccctgacgacctccaagcagcgacttttgaagaaagacgaggtagttatatcctacagcatttttgaccagctccagagctttgctaagcccttttacgaggcgattgcggccttctatacccggctgaagaattctgtcccccgggagcagtacgaggccgcagcagcctttgacaccccggagaaccgggaactggtggccttctgtaagtacaacgatgccaagaactctactgcctggattgatttccagaatgaccgggagtattacctgaagacggagggcgtggacattgtagacctttccagcggccgtaaagcggcccaggagaccacgatagacggtcagcttgaaaatacccgtcagagggcgcaggatagccctggaagccgccaggaacgcccttgggagcttgataggtattga
>gene_51151|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
agacccatctttcggagccttatcatcggcattggcgaccagtcagaccgtcagcagggccgcattacccgggagcaggccgaggagattttccggaaattccttgacgaattccgggaaaaattcccggagctgcacgtcctgggtgcgaccatccatttcgacgaggcaggattttaccatatgcacctggactacaaacccgtcatggccatggacgtggaaaagggtctgcagtgtaccacgtccctggaaactgtcctggaacagatggggtatgaaccggagcagtccatcatcaatggccgggacaaagtccccatccggttcaatgctttccggaacgaaatgtatcacatcctggaacggcagatgaacgatgtcggtctgcgcctggaatacggcgtgtccaaggtcaaagaaccgggaaaggacagcagccgcaaccagtcgctgaaggactggcaggacacccaggatgccgccattgatatgcagcataccaaaaacaacatcctggacatcctggaacaggacgatatcctcccggaggaaatcaagaaggctgcttccctctgggaacaccttctggagacggtcagagcggccctgacgacctccaagcagcgacttttgaagaaagacgaggtagttatatcctacagcatttttgaccagctccagagctttgctaagcccttttacgaggcgattgcggccttctatacccggctgaagaattctgtcccccgggagcagtacgaggccgcagcagcctttgacaccccggagaaccgggaactggtggccttctgtaagtacaacgatgccaagaactctactgcctggattgatttccagaatgaccgggagtattacctgaagacggagggcgtggacattgtagacctttccagcggccgtaaagcggcccaggagaccacgatagacggtcagcttgaaaatacccgtcagagggcgcaggatagccctggaagccgccaggaacgcccttgggagcttgataggtattga
>gene_15007|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgattattatgccgagtgcaaccgttacaggcggcattggttcagaacgacacaaccacgaattaggctaccgggccaccctggagcacgtcgtcgtcaatcctgacgacctggttgagttggtcgaataccgcccctacaaagaacagattaacgaactgatgaagccttacattgacgactttaacgcccatgcagaagaacggtaccaggatgcctgggagcggtaccgcgccggcgagaggaaatcgaaacccaagcgcagagaatttccgaagatggggtacgactattacgaggaccacaaagacgatttgattttcattccgaacatcaatcggaaggtggtcagacccatctttcggagccttatcatcggcattggcgaccagtcagaccgtcagcagggccgcattacccgggagcaggccgaggagattttccggaaattccttgacgaattccgggaaaaattcccggagctgcacgtcctgggtgcgaccatccatttcgacgaggcaggattttaccatatgcacctggactacaaacccgtcatggccatggacgtggaaaagggtctgcagtgtaccacgtccctggaaactgtcctggaacagatggggtatgaaccggagcagtccatcatcaatggccgggacaaagtccccatccggttcaatgctttccggaacgaaatgtatcacatcctggaacggcagatgaacgatgtcggtctgcgcctggaatacggcgtgtccaaggtcaaagaaccgggaaaggacagcagccgcaaccagtcgctgaaggactggcaggacacccaggatgccgccattgatatgcagcataccaaaaacaacatcctggacatcctggaacaggacgatatcctcccggaggaaatcaagaaggctgcttccctctgggaacaccttctggagacggtcagagcggccctgacgacctccaagcagcgacttttgaagaaagacgaggtagttatatcctacagcatttttgaccagctccagagctttgctaagcccttttacgaggcgattgcggccttctatacccggctgaagaattctgtcccccgggagcagtacgaggccgcagcagcctttgacaccccggagaaccgggaactggtggccttctgtaagtacaacgatgccaagaactctactgcctggattgatttccagaatgaccgggagtattacctgaagacggagggcgtggacattgtagacctttccagcggccgtaaagcggcccaggagaccacgatagacggtcagcttgaaaatacccgtcagagggcgcaggatagccctggaagccgccaggaacgcccttgggagcttgataggtattga
>gene_40619|Replication protein
atgaatgaattagcaaaagaatatacatttctgtttcttactcttacagttccaaatgtatctgcagaagctctttcatctaaacttgatgagatgcaggaggcgtggcacgatagatttataaaaattcctgcctttaagaatgttgtaaaaggattttggcgtggtgttgaagttactcgcaacagaaaaacaaatacatatcacccacactatcattgtgttcttgtagtcaacaaatcgtattttgatagcaaatcatatataactcgtgatacctggcttaagatgtggcaaaatgctatgaatgattcaagcatcacacaagtagatatacgaaaggcaaatgctcaagctgttccggaagtctgcaagtatgcagttaaggatgcccattatctatttgatgatgtagcagagactatggaagttgtaaatgttcttttccattccctgtatggtcgtagacttgtatcactcgggggtgagttcaagcgagttcatgcgctcttaaatctcgatgatatggaagatggtgacctggtgcatttagatccagttgacaatcctgatctgatcactgccctatatcgttataactgggttggcactggctatgttctgaaagatatactaggagtagtcaaaactgcgtga
>gene_55105|Putative replication protein
atgtctgaaaaaagcaaagaaaaagatacaagaactcgtaactggactattgtcctttatccagaaagtgcactagaaaactggcgcgatattattgacacatggcatattgaatgggttgaaagtcctttgcatgacaaggatattaacgcagacggcgaaccaaagaaaccacattggcatattttactcatgttcggtggtgtaaaatcatacgagcaagttatggaacttattgaacctttaaactgtccaatagcgaaaaggtgccataatgcgaagtcgttagttcgctacatggcacacttagacaatcctgataaagcacaatacaatatcaaggatgtcatttcgcatggtggtgtagatgttgccgacttattaaagccgtcttcatcagaacgttatacatacatcaaagaaatgaaaatatggtgctctgaaaatgatatcacagaatttgaagacttgttttcttatgctgcagatgaacgttttgacgactggtttccgttgctttgtgataactgttgttatgtcatgacacaattt
>gene_6723|Protein rep (Fragment)
atgaaagacaaagaaaaaaagccttctgagttcgcacctcagtcggcttcagtaaatggtgttgttgctgacacctcgcagacacaatatagcatctcgattcaggatatgcaaactctgtatcacgaggtcaatggagagaagaacaacaagaagtcaatcaataagtcttttgctaagcgtaagagaatgtcggagctcttgcaatcatcatattttcgtctgactagggaacagaaaaggcttctcgatcgcggatactctcagactgagattacagagcagttcggcattttgcccaatttgggacaaagaggtcttaacgtcggcacttgcggtgatgttcttgagttcagagttccgcagacgggtggtaaatggaagcttcacaaagcatatttctgtcacgataggctatgtcctctctgtatggctcgcaggtctctgaaggtctacagtcagctgaatcagattatgaatcatcttgattctgacaggtatgagttcctgttccttactgtgactgttccaaactgtcaaggcgaggagctccctaaggtgtgcgacaggattctgaaagcttttactaagatgatgcggactaagaagctgaagtcgcttgtaaagggctattttcggtctttagaggtcact
>gene_33854|plasmid mobilization protein
atggcacttgcccacatttcacttaacagtgcaagacgaaatggaaatacagtaagagcacaagaccatgcttcttacataaatcgtgaaggtcaataccaaaagatcgatgagaaagaagcaattaaggcacaacaatttttaggcgatactattacaggcgtagaccataatgtacgttctctttccgatgcgttcttgtaccaaaatgttttaggtagtattcgtcaaacccctgatgacaaaataagtgtatccgaaggcgcaagcagcgatacgatttcgcttgcactttctttagctataaaaaaatatggcactactttaaatgtacaaggtagtaataagttcaaagcagaattagtcgtagctgctgcaaacttagaatatgatgtgaagttttctgacccagttattgataaaagttttaaagaattaaaaggtgaacatgatgataagcttaaacgatttgcaaaaccaaatacagaaagtaaagtcgcaagaagtacaaacataccaaagccaaacattgaacgccttggtgaagattggcagagaaacattaattccaacggagaacttagcgtgcaagaattgtccatgggcgatgtggatgatagcagcaaagagcttggcttgttattgtcgaattaccaatcaaatcgtatggacaacgaagaagaaaggttcaatttacatttgcgacggaatagacatagaaagcaaataatagatttagctgccgatgaaattttgcaaaatggaaaagcaaaaacttctggttcatcacacagcgattatattaatcgtttatctgcttttgcaattaaaggtggctgcatctacaaggataatttcttaccaaaatgggctaaaggttctgccaaaactttttttgcagcggcagattgctttgaacgcaaaaatggcgtgccctattttgaatatcaacttgctttgcaaaatgagttgactttagaacagaatttggaaattgttaatacttttattaaaaaatctgaactcctccaagataaatattatgcgtttgctatccacgataaacaagctgctttggataaatctcaaagacaaattcattgccatttaatgttctcgagcagatgtatcgatgatattgaaagaaaaaatgaacgtgaacccgaagtcttttttgctagagccaatactaaagacccagcaaaaggcggttgcaaaaaagatagacgctttaattttgataaccccaaggaacgtattgctgtacttatgcgtacaagaaaattatgggaagatatagtaaatgctacatttagaaaatatggcattgatgaacagattagtacaaaatctttagaagcacagcgagaagaagccattaagtag
>gene_15002|plasmid replication protein
atgaatgagaaaaagtcaagaaatataaaaaaacgcaattgggcgtttgtactttatccggagagcgctccggagaattggagagatatgttgcagcagtctgggttacagtgtgctgtgtcacctcttcatgataaggatacagacccgaacggagaacctaaaaagccgcattggcatattattattatttacagtggtcccacaagctacaatgttgtgaaatcgttgtgtgatagtcttaatgcaccaattcctcaagccctggagcaggtgcgtggatattatcgttatctgacacataaggacaatcccgaaaaggctcaatatgatgagaacgatataactactataaacggtttcaatattgccgactatacagagttaactcgtagtgaagtaaatgctatgatgttcaacttgcaacggctcatcagagagcaagagctatatgagtatagcgattttatggactacttacaagataatgatatgagagcagaatatgatgtcgcaagctgccacacaatgttttttgaccgctacatacagagtagacgttataagcgtatgacaagagataagaaccgctttattgttgaccctgtgacaggtgaactgctacagcctttcgaggaggtgcagaacaatgattaa
>gene_54067|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
gaaaacaccgaacagtatgtgacagaacttctgaaactggagctacaggaacgggaagccaaccgtattaaccgcatggtgaaaacggcaggattccgtgtgttgaaaactttagatgagtttgtctggaactctgccattgagcttcccagcggcttaacgcaggaatacatgaccgagctgaatttcctcgcccctatggagaacctgatttttatggggacggttggcacgggcaaaacacatcttgccacagccattgctctgaaagcctgccaagaagggcgaaaggtccggttctttaccgcagccagtcttgccaatcttctcttggaaaagaacaacaaaggaacgctgaacaactttctcggttccctgaaaaaagtggagctgattgtgattgatgaaattggcttcgtcccgctgcacaaggatgcagccgagttactgttccaagtaatctctgactgctacgagcgcaagagcctgattattacttccaacttggagttctctcagtggaacaccgtctttggagacaacagactcacagcagctctggttgaccggttaattcaccacagccatatcgtgattttctctggtgagagttaccggcttacgcagtccatgaaccggcagcggagctctttttga
>gene_42691|MobA/MobL family protein
atggatatcatcgcccataccaagagccaggatttaaggtctgagctatggaacagcgtagaggagcgggaaaaccgcaagaactcccagttctgccggagctttgatatagctctgccgaaggagttaagccttgatgacaacataaagctggttaagagatgggcgaactcctgctgggtcagccgaggacttatagcggacataactatacatgcaggacataaggagaatggaaacatacacgcccacgtgcttgtgcccacccgaaccatcagccggaacggatggggaaagaaggatcgggaaggcaacagcagggtatatctgaaacatgtccggaaagaatgggcgacacttacgaacctgatgttagaggagcggaaaataaaccagcggatagacgaaaggacacttgaggcgcagggaatagaccgcattccacagaagcatcagggggttatagctaccgcgatggaaagaaaaggaattgtccccgaccggaaaaggcaagaggaagaaccccctgttatggtcaccaaggaagaggtcaacgctatcttacagaaccatctggacgatattttacagatggaaagagaaaaatttggtaatcctacccataaaaaagacaaaagcaggggttggggaaggtag
>gene_28858|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaggcttattgtcaagataccgacctcccactgggaggatttttttatggctaaaaacgtcaaaaagcgcaactgggcaatggttgtgtaccctgagtcagcccctgcagactggcgagagcgtctgcaggagacaggtctgcaagcggcggtgtcgccgctgcacgaccgtgacgtcaaccccacaggtgaagtcaagaagtcgcactatcacgtgattctgtgctactccggaccgacctcgtttgccgtggtcaaggcactggcagacgatttagggcagccgatcccgcagccgttggagcaggtcaaggggtactaccgctacctgacccacaaggacaatcctgaaaaagctcagtacgacgagcgggatattacgaccatcaacggcttcaacattgccgactttgcggagctgacgagggctgagctgacgtcaatcaagcgggcacttcagaagctcattcgggagcgggacatctgcgagtatgcgacgttgatggacatgctcatggatgaggacatgaacacggagtacgaggttgcgagcaacaacacgtactttttcgacaagtacattgcgagccgcagacatacgcccatcaaggttgacgtcacaaccggcgaggtcatcgaaggcggtgagcagtga
>gene_5248|Replication initiation protein
atgcaagcttcaaaatcaattgataaacgttcaaggtcctgggtatgtgttgtatatccagaatctgcaccggaaaattggctttcaattttaagagatcttaaattagccggctttgtttctcctttgcatgataaagatattaatgctgacggtactcctaaaaaggctcattaccatgttatgacaaaagataaaaataaaaagtcttatgagcaaatgatggaaatcgttaaacaatttggaggtgttcttgatccggagcctgtccataactgggaagcttatgctcgttatttaattcataaggataacccagaaaaggcacaatataaacaagatgatgttatatccctgggcggtcttgattacctttcagaaatcactaaagtatctgataagtatggaatagttgcagatatgatcagctggataaatgacaacatggaagttcatcattgtaattattctgtatttgtaacatggtgcaaagataataacgacgtatggtttcgggctcttgtagaccattgctcatatttgattgataagtacttaaaatctatgtcacatatgagtaaagataaatcgttatacatgtattcggataaggttattattgatcctaaaacaggcgaagtggtagaaagctaa
>gene_37002|Putative replication protein
atggcgaataaaagcacaagaactagaaattggactattgtagtctatcctgattctgctccggagaattggagagaaattattgatgattggcatatagaatgggttgaaagtcctttgcataacaaagatataaatgctaatggtgaggctaaaaagccacattatcatgttttattaatgtttggcagtgtaaaggcttatgaacaggttttggagcttattgaaccgcttaattgtcctattccgattaaagtacataatgctaaatctttagttcgttatatggctcatttggacaatcctgaaaaggttcaatacaatgtttctgatattgtttctcatggtggagttgatgtccatgatttattaaaaccgagttctggagagagatacacatatattcgtgagatgcaggagtggtgcaatgagcattctatcgttgagttctgcgatttgatgaactatgcagcagtagagagatttgacgattggtatccacttctttgtgatagttgttcctttgttatgaaccagttcttgaaatcaaagcgacatagttctttgaatattaatataaacgatgatgctattgttaataaggtgacaggagaaattttaaaggaatcagggcaagggcaatatgataattaa
>gene_57436|Replicative protein
atgcaggatcagggccagcttgacggggcgcgtctggctctgctgacgctgactcagcgcaatgtttcggcagtcgatctcggtaacgagttggacgctcttctcgctgcgctcaaatcaatcaggcacacggcctggtcgcgcgattatctgatcggctcggcccggaatatcgaagtcacatacaacgcagccgcccggacgtttcaccctcatgtccacatgatcgttattctttcgggcgatgcgccggcagagatgtcggacgctcgttattggcgtgatctctggcgcagactcatgcacttggattatgacccaatttgcgatattcggcccattgaagatcatgaaggagccgtttgtgaggtatcgaaatattgtatcaagccatcgtcgatcttcggtcttaccctggatccggctcacctagatcaggtggtttccactctgaattctgttcttgctggccgtcgcctggtcagctacacgggcatatggagaaaggcccgtcagatcctcaaacagcgggattccgatgaagatcttgaacatgatgacacacaatctgtgtgcggatgcggtgcagcgctcatggatgctgtactcaggtgggacggtttggagtacagagtcgagccgtcgcccctgtga
>gene_14766|Replication protein
atgatgaagattctcgaagcggcaaagccaaagaaactagtctatctgatggtaacactcaccatgaggaacacagacggcgacggtttgagcggcgccctggacaagctgatatcagggtttcataacatggtacggcgaaagcggttcggcgtttgggtcgggtggtaccgtggcgttgaggtcacgcacaatatggcggataacacctttcacccacacatacacgccctggtagcggtcaagcctggctacttcaaaggcaaagggtacatcaagcaagaggaactatgcgaggagtggaaaacggcgctcggcgtcaaatatacgcccgtgtgcgacgtgcgccgctgttatggcataaccgtcaaggcggttagcgaggttgcgaaatacaccacaaagagcgctgatatcatctgcttcgacgattgggacatgacgacagagacagttcgagtcctggatgaagcattcgacgggcgccgcttcattgcatacggcggattattcaaggaactacacaaagagttgaacctcggcgatgaggaggagggagatctgattcgggtcggcgatggtgacgacgcagaaacagtaccagatgaactactattttggtggcacacaggctacgggaggtatgtaaaatga
>gene_2448|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
tgccgggtttgcggtatccaggccggcggcaacaactacccttatttgaaagaagttataaccaaattgaaaggccgggtgatgtggttagttgccgaggacagcgaaacaactgtttcctggattgacaaggccacaatttacaagaaaagcggcaagataaaaatacgcctggatgaagatttgaagccctatttgcttatgctttccaggaactacacaatgtttccgcttcacaatgtaatcaaaatgaaaaccaaatacggaataatgctctatgaactgataaaatcgtatgcgtttatgggcgaagtcctggaattttctattgatgaattgaaagaacacctggattgttccaattatgaaaactttaccaatttcaaaacaaaggtattgttgccggcattgaaagacatcaatacttattctgaattgaaagttgaagttgaatacagaaaaaccgggcgttcctatacgcacatactttttactgtttccgatttgaagaaaggcaaaaccaccgaggatatggaagaagccgcacgccggttttacaatacagaaaaagaaatctatcagtatcaaatgtctttgtttgatactttggataagataagaaatccaggaggaacagaagatggaaacgaataa
>gene_17144|Replication protein A
acaattcagccggagatctgggaagctattttagatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagatagaaaaggctctagaccttaggtcggcttattctatgcgcatatatcagctaataagcgggcaagaacgcccgttgtcgtataatcttgttgcactcaagaaaatgttaggagttgagaagaaatacgaccgcccaacggatttcataaaaagagttatccaacctgcaaaagaagaactagataaagtttcgccctatacattcgattttaagcccattttagagaagaacgggggaagaggtaggggaactattaccgggattacatttatcccttatttccagcctaaaaatagagatcaggagctagaacaaaagcaagattttggaaagctcaagagaaaatatccaggcgtggtaagtttgcctaaatccttggagaactacttaacccatactgccggatttactatgaccggaataaagaataactctgagcttctgttgcaagctataaatcatattaccgattttgaagaggttgttttgcgtaagatcgtaggaagatccagggaagccaaaaaccctcaaggatatattatcaaggctataaaatcagagctaaagcaacaagggataaaggcataa
>gene_15205|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaaaaaactatctcaggagccagggcaaaacgcggacaaaactccaacggttgcaatcccaagcataataaccgtgactaccttccttcgaacgcagacccaactcgtcagcatctgaacgtcttttatgcagaaagcacgaagtctgtcagtttggagcaaatttacgaaaaattgttccaagtatcttacgaggaatggctgcagaaagaacacgcaaaaggtcgtcagaaggaggctccggaaaaatatatagacaaagttcgtctttccggcgataagaagcgcgaccagtatgaaatcatctggcagttcggtgatatgaaaaacaccggatggaaaactaaccgagaagactttatgaatgccagggagcttctggatgactttgctgaacatcttttgagtctgccttatattgctgtcgttacgccacaaaaattggcagacccgaattggaagccgccatttgaggacggtttgattatcacaaatttatcgctgcacggtgacgaaaacacaccgcagcttcacatggactttattccttattcgagttccaagaagcgcggacaacgtattcaaaacgcttacgccgcagcttttaaaggtatggggtatgaggttatcgaaacacatttgacagacccggaaacgggcgaactgcagtataaaaaagataagaacggcgattttgtctacgacaaagacggcaatcgtattcctatcaaggtcaaaacatcattcggttctatcgattggattgaagagcaaaagggctggctgcagcaggaaatggaaattcgatacggctgggagcgcgaatacaagggtaaaaacaaattcggcgatgtttcaatcagcgagtttgttgttgaggataacctacgtcaaatcgaagagctggagattcagcagaaaaaaataaaagaggacaacgaagccctttacacaagaggcaaaaagctttacgaccacattgaaggtctgaccgagctgaagacgttggcagaatatcagatgcaggtcgttgataacgataaggcgattcagacgttggaaatcggcattcagaacgctatttcggaaggtgtccggcataagttgcccttcgatgctgttcttaattttttacactctgtcatcaaagggtttgaggatttcatagaaaagttaaaaatcgatatcagccgagttacgttattcgaaaaggtgttcccggcgcagttccgaagcggtgagcttgagcgcaacggtgaacgtcagacaaaccagttgaacgatgcgttgagctttgaagaacggcttttgaatgcctacgaccgttccgaaaaaacggatatcggaacatcttcgaaaactgaaatcataaaagattga
>gene_36684|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
atggcacatttagcaagttttaaatcagccggagcagttggagtgctgcgtcacgatgaacgcaaggaaaccgacaaggtgcagagtagaaaaaacgagtgtattgacaattcaagaacacatctgaattacaatcttgctccaccacgaaaaggaactctgatgtcacacatcaagagagtatgtgaaaataatagtgttaaattgaataatcgcaaggatttgaatgttatgtgttcgtgggttgttacggctcccaaatccataacttctgcagatcaacttttaaaattttttagatgctgctacgactttatgacgaacagatacggagagaaatatactttatctgctactgttcaccttgatgaaactacaccacacctgcattactcatttatccctgttggttatgacaaaaagaacgacagatatactgtttcaagtaagcttgtagcaacgagaaccgaacttaaaaaattccagcaagaattgagtaaatctttggaaaatgaatttggttatgatgtcggcattttaaaccaggctacaaaagacggtaataaagaaattcaagaattgaaacttcagacagctcaaaagcgaataacagatgctgaacagcttgcaaaacgggcagaaagccgttta
>gene_39038|replication initiation protein, partial
atgcagaaaactgattcgcgttggattcgtaagtttgattttgcttgcgatattcagataccgatgtccgatttattggtctgctctaatagacagttaagtactgttaaaaactgtgaaacactgtactatggcgataagcataacgataaggctttaaaaatatacgataagactaaagagcgtgaagataacgctgatgaaaagatagacggcgatttgacgcgtatagagttgtcttgtaagacttcaggtcttgattcatggataaacgaaaagttttatattgtgcctaatattggcgatttagactccgattctgccctaaacgatacagataaggctattttgcgtatgttctttcgtttaaggtcttatgaacctaatctgtctattgatagcctttgtttaggtcgtaaaaaagaaaaaaagataaaagagttccttttatcttcttctccgtctgattcttcttctgcttctgttggttttgataaaacgctatgcattgaattattggacttggttagtgtccgatacgattgtagcataaaggcaactaacaaacaattacttacttctgcacctccaactttgaagagtgctaatggctttgaagcgtgtgaagatttgccattgccttttcgtaaatag
>gene_3094|RecQ family ATP-dependent DNA helicase
ggagcgattacccaagaagcgcgcggatacaagttttacaaagcgcgcccgcttttccccatcaataccattttggatggtcgcagcaagcaggaaaaagcctgcctcagctggctccatgagcaccgcgagggcgaggtggaggacgctgcgttggcgtgggatatgagttttgctgatgcgatgcaacagctctatgaagcggcagattccggcgaatggaaactgaacttccgtcagcaagcgctctatttgcggacctgcaaagaaacggatgcgcgtgctgccgcggcggcgctttcccgcgcatacgccactcgccgcgaggccgatttggcgcgtatgcaaaaactattggacatgctgaccggccgtgcatgcatcaacgctgcgctgcatgcttattttacagatgagcacgagagccccgcttgcgggcactgctgttcctgccgcgcggaagtaccgcccgtgccggcggaaacaggcgttctaccggatttgccgccggaagaggagctgccgctttttgaccgcccggcgcagcgtcggcgctttttgctggggctctcgtctccggctctgatggcgcggcgcatgtgggcgcatccgctctatggctgctgtgctgacacaagctggcacgatttataa
>gene_21340|Replication and maintenance protein
atggctaaagacaatgagaagaaacttccatcgacaacagcaaaaaaggtaaaatatcttggtacagaaacttttataaacgctgaaacaggcgtaatacaagagtttcacgttaccgatattgttgaaaaagattttaatttcaagaagatttggatgaagaattttatcaacacgttggagattatcggcaacacaaaaatgaagttagccttttggattattgataatttggatatcaacaataggttactttatacatatcgtatgattgccgaaaaaacaggtacgtcttatcagacagtagcgagaactatgcaagcccttatggatagtgattttcttaggaaagacggtccaatttatcaggtcaatcctgatgtagtttttaagggttctatgcaagcaagattgaatatgctcaatgtctatagtgcccttgatgagccagcacctacaccagaacagaaacttgcaaacatcgacaggagtatggcaatcttgcaagagcagaaagagaggctcttggctgaacagaagactgttgatttgcagattgagggtcagttagagatgaatgagaaaggcgagattatcgaaagagcctcaatgccaaagcctaaaagaggcagaccaaagaagaaaaaggagtga
>gene_6603|MobA/MobL family protein
ttggcgatttttcatctatcaatcaaaatcggcggcaggagcggcgggcgctctgcctgtgccgctgccgcataccgagcgggcgacaaggtacacgaccgcgagcaaggcacgatacacgactacaccgcaaagcgcggcgtggtgcattcggaaatacttctgcccgaacacgcgccggaggcgtggcgtgatcgggcagaactttggaacgccgtgcaagattgcgaaaaagccggaaatgctcaactatatcgtgaatttgagttagcgttaccgcgcgagctcacgcgcgacgagcaaataaaactcgcgcgcgattgggcgcaagatgaactcgtagcgcgcggcatgtgcgtagatattgcgattcatgacaaaggcgacggcaacccacacgcgcatataatggcaacgacacgcgcgcttgatgagcgcggcgcgtggaaagcgaaggagcgcaagcaatacaaactcgacgaaaacggcgagcgcgtgccggtcatcgacaagcgcacaggcaagcagaaaatcgagaaaaagacggggcgccgcgtgtgggcgcgcgaagtcgtccaggctaacgactggaacgaccgcgcccgcgctgaatcttggcgcgaatcttgggcgcgcgcgtgtaacgagaagttaccgaaagaaaagagcattgaccacagaagccacgcgcggcgcgggcttgaaagtgttcccggcgttcatgtcggattcggacgcaaccgcgcggagcggagagagatgaaccgccgcgcgcgtgtacttaatgcggaagcgcgggctttgaaagaagaagaaaagatttcaaatcgcctcggagcactgacacagcgcgccgagggtatgcaaagaaaaaaggaggaaaaacaaatggacagcatgaaaagccgtctcgacgcgctttccgagcgcatcagcggaattgagaaaggacgcgctgacgagctcgaacaagcgaaagaaacatttaaaacagcagaaagcgcgccggatttcctcgcggctttcaaaaccctattcaaagccgcttgcggcggtaataaagaagccgcttctttcttaaatgataatagtcaccgcatgccggaagcgtggcggcgagattggaattatatgacagaagcagataaagatgaagtccgcctccggcgcgcttatgctgatgattacggcgacggaggcgaagcgccgcgcggctttatgcaaatgaccgaccgtcaacggattgatacaataataaaattttgggaagagcaacaagcggcagaacgcaaagccgcgcgggaagcaaagaaagccgcaaaagaacgcgagaaagcggcgcgcggtaggagccaagcgcggacgaaaggaggcggcggcagatga
>gene_22432|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcccatcacgacagaacagaacaacaataccgtgactacgaaggcgcgctactgggtcggtgtaggctacccggagaacatgcgcccggactggaaagacgtcatcggagaggttacgcagctcccgtactgttactgtgtccacgacaaggacgttgacggagaagaggacgaccgcaaggtacacgtccacatattgctcgccttccccaacacgacaacttac
>gene_6617|Replication protein RepB (Fragment)
atgcccatcacgacagaacagaacaacaataccgtgactacgaaggcgcgctactgggtcggtgtaggctacccggagaacatgcgcccggactggaaagacgtcatcggagaggttacgcagctcccgtactgttactgtgtccacgacaaggacgttgacggagaagaggacgaccgcaaggtacacgtccacatattgctcgccttccccaacacgacaacttacaagaccgcattaaatgtcttgcaggagctgtcagctccgggcaagaaagccttcaacactgtccagaaggtgaacaacgtgcgattcatgtacaactacctgatccacgacaccgaggacagccgcaagaagcataagcaccagtacgacccgaaggagcgcgtgaccgggaacaacttcgacatcggcaactatgagcaattgtcgcttgatgagaagaaggctatacggacggagcttgctcaggtcatctacgagcacgacttcaagaactacctcgatttctacttctacgtcgtgaacaactactcgccggaatacgaagaggtggtagtagggtactcgggtcacttcgaacgcttgacgaagggcaacttccagaagtggcgcttcggaacgatgcaggcggaaacggcggagtga
>gene_22430|Replication protein RepB (Fragment)
aagaccgcattaaatgtcttgcaggagctgtcagctccgggcaagaaagccttcaacactgtccagaaggtgaacaacgtgcgattcatgtacaactacctgatccacgacaccgaggacagccgcaagaagcataagcaccagtacgacccgaaggagcgcgtgaccgggaacaacttcgacatcggcaactatgagcaattgtcgcttgatgagaagaaggctatacggacggagcttgctcaggtcatctacgagcacgacttcaagaactacctcgatttctacttctacgtcgtgaacaactactcgccggaatacgaagaggtggtagtagggtactcgggtcacttcgaacgcttgacgaagggcaacttccagaagtggcgcttcggaacgatgcaggcggaaacggcggagtga
>gene_33414|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
gtggcagattaccgcgggtatgcgcggtatctctgccacctcgatagcccggacaaggcgcagtatgcgccggaggacgtgcgctgccttggcggcgcagactgggcggaaattgcgctgagcgaagcggagcgcactgacgccctgctcgatgaaatcgaagactggattgacgagacgggctgcgtctcgtacatcgggctttgccggtatgcgcgtaagcagcgtccagactggacgcgctgcgtgcgcacgcataccgtgcatctttccgcgctcatccgctctgcgttctgggagcagacgcagggcggtgacgccggtgacagggggtgctgctga
>gene_52712|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgctgactccattggagcgagtgaacaatctgcttgccgatctccgtattgcgccggtggactttgatgcgatctaccgcgggaaaaacaaactgagcccgctggaaagcgtggaactgtttctcttggaagagcagaggatccgtatccagaaacagaatgatttgcgcagaaagcgtgcagcgctgcctgcggagaagacgctggactccttcgattttggcttccagcgcagtgtctccaaagagcagatgctgcgtttgagcgacatgacttgggtggaacaggcatttaatatctgcttccttggcccgccgggcgttgggaaaacgcatctggcgctctccctggcagtgcgggggctggatcttggatatgcggtgatttttgagacactggacaacctcatgaagatcctgaagactgctgatatttccggtgccagcaaacggcgcatgaagcagctgcgaaaagccgcattgattgtggtggacgaagtggggtttatgccgctttccccggccgaagccaatctgttctttagctttgtgtcctcgatgtccgaaaga
>gene_18642|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgctgactccattggagcgagtgaacaatctgcttgccgatctccgtattgcgccggtggactttgatgcgatctaccgcgggaaaaacaaactgagcccgctggaaagcgtggaactgtttctcttggaagagcagaggatccgtatccagaaacagaatgatttgcgcagaaagcgtgcagcgctgcctgcggagaagacgctggactccttcgattttggcttccagcgcagtgtctccaaagagcagatgctgcgtttgagcgacatgacttgggtggaacaggcatttaatatctgcttccttggcccgccgggcgttgggaaaacgcatctggcgctctccctggcagtgcgggggctggatcttggatatgcggtgatttttgagacactggacaacctcatgaagatcctgaagactgctgatatttccggtgccagcaaacggcgcatgaagcagctgcgaaaagccgcattgattgtggtggacgaagtggggtttatgccgctttccccggccgaagccaatctgttctttagctttgtgtcctcgatgtccgaaagaacctcgctcattattacgtccaacaagggc
>gene_13167|Replication protein
atgaatgaccaaaaacgcgataaaaaatcattaaaagaatataatcgaaatttttttatattattatatcccgataatgatgagcatgtaaaggcattggaaaatataaagacattatatgagaattatgcttatatactccatgataaggatacatacgaggattgcgatgatattaaaaaatcgcattggcatgtagttataaaatttaaaaatcaaagatatcgttctgctgtttcttccgagcttggacttgaggaaagatttgttgaggggtgtgcattagagaaatctctgttgtatcttattcattttaatgatgaagataagttccaatatgatattaacgaagtacagggttcactactgccctctctcaaaaaaattataaaatccgatggtaaggacgagggggaaagagttattgacttaatggattatattgacagtactactactgctattcgtgtaaaggattttgcacgttattgtgctttaaatggttattgggatatttacagacgttccgcattgatttttaaggactatattcgggaacataataatgatttctatattcaagcttcgagattaggttgggaaaacctaagtaataatgaaattttagaatgtattgcaaaatgtaaataa
>gene_56270|Replication protein RepB (Fragment)
atgagtaacaacaatttcataacagcgcagaacgcaagcaacgcaaggtattggacagccgtcctttatcctgaaaacatggttgatgattgggaaacactaatcggggatttagtacaacttccgtatgcttattgtatccatgacaaagaccatttaggcgaatggaaaccagggaagacaacaccagcacacgaaaaagaagaacaccgaaaagtacatgtacatattatcctggcgtttccgaacacaactacaaagaaacacgcatttgaaacatttatgctgttagcggcggaaggtaaacagcctatatcttacggcggtagagtagaagcggttgttaatatccgtaacaaatatgagtatctgatacataacacagagacagccaggaagaaacagaaaaaatatcagtatgacccgtcagaacgtatcacaggaaacaatttcgatatcggtgcttatgaacagataagcctggcggacaaggataaaatggctaaagagttgtgtaatattattagggataagggtttcagtaacttcatggacttttacgactatgtcgataccaacctgggatttgaatattttgaaatcgtgaaatcttattcgggattatttgaacgattaaccaaaggcaac
>gene_14589|Replication initiatior protein
atgagtaacaacaatttcataacagcgcagaacgcaagcaacgcaaggtattggacagccgtcctttatcctgaaaacatggttgatgattgggaaacactaatcggggatttagtacaacttccgtatgcttattgtatccatgacaaagaccatttaggcgaatggaaaccagggaagacaacaccagcacacgaaaaagaagaacaccgaaaagtacatgtacatattatcctggcgtttccgaacacaactacaaagaaacacgcatttgaaacatttatgctgttagcggcggaaggtaaacagcctatatcttacggcggtagagtagaagcggttgttaatatccgtaacaaatatgagtatctgatacataacacagagacagccaggaagaaacagaaaaaatatcagtatgacccgtcagaacgtatcacaggaaacaatttcgatatcggtgcttatgaacagataagcctggcggacaaggataaaatggctaaagagttgtgtaatattattagggataag
>gene_8117|Replication protein
atgaatgtacaaattcaagaaaatgtgactgcaaaacgttctcaagatgtggttcttatgcgttctgatcttgatgaactgactgaacgcttcggacctaagaagtcagatgcgcttattcttgctgacgtttattcacaacttggctttagatttgcaaaacgtgcttcaagagtttctacttgtggtacgttccttgaatttgcgcatgaaattgatcctatcacctacgaaatatcagaacatggaagactgtacaacgctaatttctgtagagaccctttgtgtcctatgtgtcaatggagaaagtcgcttaagcagatttctcagatttcgcgagtgctaaatcaccctatgatcaaagatcgctataagcctcttttcgttacgctgacgatcccaaatgttccttatgatgatctgagcaaaggtcttgataagtgtcttcattcattcaagaaactgatgaagagaagaaagtatcaaaaactgatcaaaggcttttatcgcacatttgaggtcacagtaaatcaaaggactgaaacgtttcaccctcatcttcatgttcttgtgcttgttcctttgtcttatggcaaatcgaaagatatgtacatctcacatgatgaattgcttgaagattggagaaaa
>gene_44551|Plasmid replication protein
aatacgggcaaatcacgaacgggtaagactagaaattgggcttgtgtcgtttatccggaaagtgctcctgaaaattggttcgatatcttggattcttttcgaatccctgcctttatcagcccgttgcatgattcggatctaaatcctacgggagaagaaaaaaagccacactatcatgttatggtgatgtatgaaggacctcgtgaagagtcgctagttcgtggcttgtttgagcagttcggcggtgttggtacagagtatgttaattcggttcgtggttatgctcgttacctttgccacttggacaaccctgaaaaacatcaatacgaccaagcattggttcgttcgatgaatggagctgactatgatagcgttattggattacctagtgacaagtataaagttattggcgaaatcatggatttcattgatgagaatcagctcttttcttatgccgacctttgtacttgggctcgtcgtaaccgatatgattggttcaaggttttgtgcgatagtggtacatacacgattaaagaatacttgaagagtcgtttttggtctgttcagcaagacatggcaaacggctgtcctgataagaaaattgaagatgagtttgacgacgattttgacgacgaaatcccgttcaaatag
>gene_39655|Replication protein RepB
atggcagaaagaaagacaagcggttcagatggaagagctagggattggacgtttgtaggttatcctgaaagtttgcctgagaattgggtggaagtgctgcttgaagagttccaagtaaaaggaattatcagtcctcttcatgacaaggacaggaatgaagatcctgaaagaactcccaaaaaa
>gene_42953|replication protein
atggcagaaagaaagacaagcggttcagatggaagagctagggattggacgtttgtaggttatcctgaaagtttgcctgagaattgggtggaagtgctgcttgaagagttccaagtaaaaggaattatcagtcctcttcatgacaaggacaggaatgaagatcctgaaagaactcccaaaaaaccgcattatcacgtcatcttgagatacggtggtaaaaagtcttatagtcaaatcaaagagattactgaccgtttagggcagccaagcccagaacctgttcggaatattgagggagcggttcgatatttgatacatgcggataatccagaaaaggcacagtataaacgtgaggatatccgcactcttggagcgattgatttggatgtctatttcaagttatcaaagtcagaccaaaataatcttactagagaaattttggattacattcgtgagaatgatgttgttgaattttgcgacttgatggattatgctattgagaacaattcg
>gene_45926|replication protein
atggcagaaagaaagacaagcggttcagatggaagagctagggattggacgtttgtaggttatcctgaaagtttgcctgagaattgggtggaagtgctgcttgaagagttccaagtaaaaggaattatcagtcctcttcatgacaaggacaggaatgaagatcctgaaagaactcccaaaaaaccgcattatcacgtcatcttgagatacggtggtaaaaagtcttatagtcaaatcaaagagattactgaccgtttagggcagccaagcccagaacctgttcggaatattgagggggcggttcgatatttgatacatgcggataatccagaaaaggcacagtataaacgtgaggatatccgcactcttggagcggttgatttggatgtctatttcaagttatcaaagtcagaccaaaataatcttactagagaaattttggattacattcgtgagaatgatgttgttgaattttgcgacttgatggattatgctattgagaacaattcggactggtttgattatttaaatcatagtgcttggacagtcgagaagtatatc
>gene_35215|DNA replication protein
cccgacatccgcccctacctgtcccaactgcaaaacaacttcgcgggctacaagctgaaaaacatcgtccaactcacaagcagctatgccatccgcctttatgaaaagctggtcggctgggcggtgcgcgatatgtactatcaggaaatggaagtcgccgcctttcgtgagatgctggcacttggcgacaagtacagccaaatcggccaattgaaagcgcgggtcatcgaacccgccgtccagcaaatcaacgccaacaccgatttcagccttgatgtgtcgttcaagaagtgcaagcgtgaagtgcgctggatacagctccgctttaaccaaaaagccgaagccgctgcggcagcggcagaagccaagaagcagcgcgacgcgcgcgccttgcagaatcaggcagccaagcaaaaccgtatgatttcggaaaaccagcagaaaacaggggcggaaatcgcagcagcgtccgataggtgggcgcaggtagccgaaggtacggaatacctgaatacagcaaccaatacggttttccgtaaggaagtagatacgctctactgtgaagcaaccaagacaagcattccatctgcttttgttgctcgagcgttggcttcggggacgtttatttgccttgggctgcccgaaaaataa
>gene_7229|plasmid replication protein
gtggtatttatgaaaaaacagtttattttagatagtgaagcattaaaagttataggggaagatgcaagccctgaaaaaattagaattataaaaaattctttaactaataattgggctttcattgtctatcctgaaagttgtcccgaaaattttatgcagattttagaagaaaattatatcccgtttgctgtttctcctttacacgataaagactttaacgctaatggagagcctaaaaaaccgcattaccatattttattatgttcggatagtaaaaagagttttacgcaattatataacattgctaaaagcgtcaacggtactaatttaattaacgttcaaagtgctaagggttactatcgttattttggacatttagataaccccgaaaaagcaccttacgatataaatttttcacgttgtttttgtggttttgaccccgaaaactatcttaaagcgtcatcttcggaacgtaggcagcaaatccgtgctatgtgtttatttattaaagaatataaaattactgaattttgcgaccttgccgaaattgctatgaattaccattttgaagattggttttcactattggttgataattcgactgtatttattaaagcgtttattgatagtttccgtaataaattaaaataa
>gene_33159|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcacagaaagttgtcaaaaagcgcaactggacgtttgtgctttatccggagtctgctccggctgattggattgatagactgcagcaaactggcctgcaggcggagattagtccgctgcatgataaggacacaaaccaggatggcaccacaaaaaaagcgcattatcacgttattgtttgttattctggcccgacaagttacacagttgttaaggctctgacggatagtttgcaccagcctatcccgcaagcgttggagcaggtcaaggggatgcaccggtattttacccatcaagataacccggaaaagtaccagtatgatccgaaagagattcgtgctcttaacggttttaatattctcgattacagtgacccgactcgttcagaagtcctagagtacaaaaaagagatttttgctcttgttcgcaatcataaaatcgtagaatattctgctttgattgattttctgatggataatgaaatgactgatttgctggattgtgctgccagtaatacggttttgttttcgaattacattcgcagcaaaagatgcagtatgttgagcatggaaaactcagagctaagggaagagcttgagaacactaagctgcttttggatgcagctttgcgcgctaataagcgctga
>gene_57324|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgccagtaaccaacgaacagaacaacaacaccatcaccacgaaggcgcgctattgggtcggcgtaggatacccggagaacatgcgcccggactggaaggacgtaatcggcgaggtaacgcagttgccgtatgcctattgcgtccatgacaaagacgttgacggggacgaagacgaccgcaaggagcacgtgcatatcttgctggcgttcccgaacacgacaacgtacaagtccgcgctgtctgtcctgcaagaactgtccgctccgggcaagaaagcgtttaacactgtccagaaggtcaacaacgtgcggttcatgtataactacctcattcacgacaccgaggacagccgcaagaagcacaagcaccagtatgacaagaccgagcgcatcacaggaaacaacttcgacattggcaactacgagcagctgtccgtagacgagaagaacagcattcttgttgagcttgaaaagcttatcttctcaaacagctattgcaattatgcagacttctacgctgatgtgctgatgaactacccggacgaataccggcaggttgtccggggcaattcaggacattttgcaagattgacgcagggcatctatcagcacatgaccgggaacgcgaaacacgaaaatctcggttga
>gene_44927|initiator RepB protein
tattacaaaatttacgttaacccggaaaaatttacgtatatttctgtctttcagtatattgcgtatgacagcggaatcatatccggacgtttcaacgaaatgatgaagccgtatatgttagagctccggaacaactgggcgcttcgcagttgtacggagtttaaccggctgtccaaagaacacgcacagcaactgtacagagcgattaactcacaggcatacaaaaaaagttttaagttttctctgccagagctccataatttgacgtatgcgacaaaggcacagagggcaaattttggaatttttaatcaaaaagtgcttgcgcctgcagttgagcagataagggaacggacgagctttgaagacattgtgtatcagccgataaagcagggcagaaaggttgtagaggtggagtttgacataaccggcaagctcgaaacacaggcgcagacacaggcggaacaggaagcggagaagctccgccggaaagccaacgcctgctacgaaaagcactacaaacaggctgataagccgtgccgacctcgcaagtgcgaaaagtgccggatttgttatgagcacggctaccgcacaatggattatccgccgttcgccggttgggacaatctcgcaacgcacgcagagggttaa
>gene_17632|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
gcagaacgtataagcggtaataattttgatataggggcatacgaacagctttcttctacggataaaaacaaaatggctatggaaatctgtcagctcatcaaggataatggaattcataatttcattgacttgtttgaaatggtaagcggaatgggtttagaatatttcgatattcttaaatcctatagcggtctttttgatagaatgtgcaacggcaactatcagaaaaagaagtacggcgaactggatcagaaacattaa
>gene_50412|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaagcaaaatactgggtcggggtctgttatcccgaaaatatgttagatgattggcaggacaaaatctccgaaaaggtagaagtcccatattgctattgtgttcacgataaagaccatttatctgaatacaataaaaagcatatggatgagcatattcttcttgaggaagaagaacgcaaaaagcacgtgcatatcattcttgcattcaataacaccactacatacaaccacgctctgaatacccttatgacgttatctaaagacggttgcaagtgcgtaaataaagtggaaatggtacgcaatattcgtagtaaatacgaatatcttatccataatacagaggacagcaagaagaaaaagaaatatgcatacccgcctgcagaacgtataagcggtaataattttgatataggggcatacgaacagctttcttctacggataaaaacaaaatggctatggaaatctgtcagctcatcaaggataatggaattcataatttcattgacttgtttgaaatggtaagcggaatgggtttagaatatttcgatattcttaaatcctatagcggtctttttgatagaatgtgcaacggcaactatcagaaaaagaagtacggcgaactggatcagaaacattaa
>gene_51866|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcagaaaaagcaaaatactgggtcggggtctgttatcccgaaaatatgttagatgattggcaggacaaaatctccgaaaaggtagaagtcccatattgctattgtgttcacgataaagaccatttatctgaatacaataaaaagcatatggatgagcatattcttcttgaggaagaagaacgcaaaaagcacgtgcatatcattcttgcattcaataacaccactacatacaaccacgctctgaatacccttatgacgttatctaaagacggttgcaagtgcgtaaataaagtggaaatggtacgcaatattcgtagtaaatacgaatatcttatccataatacagaggacagcaagaagaaaaagaaatatgcatacccgcctgcagaacgtataagcggtaataattttgatataggggcatacgaacagctttcttctacggataaaaacaaaatggctatggaaatctgtcagctcatcaaggataatggaattcataatttcattgacttgtttgaaatggtaagcggaatgggtttagaatatttcgatattcttaaatcctatagcggtctttttgatagaatgtgcaacggcaactatcagaaaaagaagtacggcgaactggatcagaaacattaa
>gene_28155|Recombinase
atggagcttataacggcggatacgccgacacataagagggggtacataatgagtaaggtaggagcaaatacgcagatgcatcagagtggcagcgcaaagattgggagacagttccggcacgacttccggaaaaataatacataccgaaattgccatgtagacaaaacactttcgtaccggaatgttgtttttaaagagccggaagtaacgtatacggaagattatgagaagatgaaaaccgatggtagagtaaaagaagttggcctgaaagagggtgggtgcaacatcctgtccacggtaatagatgtggagtcaaaatattttgataatgactatgagaaggcaaaggaattttttgccttggagtataatgctttcaaagaaaagtttggagaagagaatattttgggcgctgtcatgcatgccgatgagaggtatattgatgctggtaccggcaaggagtatgtacactaccatcttcacatcgtttatgtgccggtggcaataaaggaaaagagatttagcagagctacggctaaaaaagacccggaattgtatgagcgtgatccggaaggcaacgtgataatggttacggaaactaagaaaggcaaggaacagttggttccactcacaaaggtaaaagaacgtgtgaatcaagtgagtcatacgaattgcatggcacaacgttttggtactgaggataccagagttgcttaccagcgccttcaggatatggtttgggaaactgttagggaacgctttccggatatcgagagaggagaaaagaaaacgaacagggctgagttggaaacacttgaatacagtgcaaagaaggaaagggaagcaaaaaaaatacttcagaaccagcttgatgggtatgaagagaaaatgtcatttggacttgattggaattttgaagagataattgaggaagttcatgttccgggactccgggagcaagtgtccgatgcagagcaacggttaaaaagcgtaaaaggccaaataaaggaattaaagacggaatatgaggaaatggctgtcaaatacgataaaaagggcttagagggcgaaatagaggctttgaagagtgaaaaaacagcgctgcagaatgatgttaagagtctgaaggagaagctgaacgattaccttggagttattaaaaaggcaataagagggctatgggtggcttgccggactggattgctccaggcggagaatgacgagaggaccgctctttttacggttaaaaaaggacaggaagaggcgcatgtcaccgtcaaaccattggatgaagtggtgcgtgagagtgttggagagagcattgacgagcttgctgaagaaacgaacgagcagatccgttcgtttcggagaaaaagccgatag
>gene_18469|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcgcagaaaatcgtcaagaaacgtaactgggcatttgttctatacccggagtctgccccggccgactggctcgaccgtttgcaaaagactggccttcaatgtgaggttagccccctgcatgataaggacgtgaacccggacggaacgcccaagaaagcgcactaccacatcattgtgtgctatgctggcccgaccagctacaacgtggttaagaccctgacggacagtctgaaccagcctattcccattccgctggagcaggtcaaggggtatgaccgttacttaactcatcaggacaacccggaaaaatatcagtatgaccgcaaggaagtgcgttcgctgaacggcttcaacattctggactatgccgaccctacacgctcggaaattcttgagtacaaaaaagagctgttcgcgctgatccgaaaccacaacatgacagaatactcacagctgattgatttcctgatggataacgacatg
>gene_36581|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcgcagaaaatcgtcaagaaacgtaactgggcatttgtactgtacccggaatccgccccggccgactggctcgaccgcttgcagaaaactggcctacaatgcgaggtcagccccctgcacgacaaggacgtgaacgcggacggaacgcccaagaaagcgcactaccacatcattgtgtgctactcaggacctacaagctacaatgtggttaaagccctcacagacagcctaaaccagcctattccgcaagcgctggagcaggtcaagggatatgaccgatacttaacccatcaggacaacccggaaaaataccagtatgaccgcaaggacgtgcggtcgctgaatggcttcaacattctggactatgcagaccctacccggtcggagattctggaatacaaaaaggagctgttcgcgctgatccggaatcataagatgacggagtactcccagctgattgattttctgatggataacgatatgcccgacctgctggactgtgcgtccagtaacaccctactgttttctaactacatccgctccaagcgttgcatggtgctggatgccgagaacaagcaactccggcaggaacttgaggacaccaagaacctgctggacgctgtgcggaaactgccccgcaagtag
>gene_3918|Replication initiator
agactgcgtaaatactataaagaaaaatttaatcatgacaatataaggttctttgcatgcggtgaatacggagaaaacacaaacagacctcactatcatttaatactctttaatttaccaatgtatgacttagaacctttctttgtcaacattcaacaccaacagatctaccgaagcgaaacaattgaaaaaatttggagaaaaggtcatgtctcagttggtgaacttacctttgaaagtgctgcatatgtggcaagatatattttaaaaaaacaaacaaaagcagaagccgaagcaaacggcatagaacaagaattcataaatatgtcacgcaagccaggcatagctgctaattacttaaaaaataaccatgaaaagatttatgaaaatgatgaaatcataatcagaaaatcaattgataaagttgtaagaagtaaaccaattaaatacttcgataaactgtatgatcaaatcgaaccagataaactatatgaaaaaaaactggaacgaagagaaaaagcaatcgaaagtagaaaaattaaacttcaaaacacaactctaacagccagtgaagttgaacaactggaagaaagaaacacattcagaagaataacaagcctaaaaagaaatttaacagagagggattaa
>gene_54898|Plasmid replication protein
gattacatggatttgattgggttgtcgaaagacaaatatgttgctgtgtccgaaatgatggacttctgcgagaattatgacgttatatcgttttacgcgcttagtaagtacgcaaacagacacagacccgactggagcagagttcttatcgagtcatcggctatttacatgcgtgaatacttgaaaagccgtcagtggagcaaagaagctggttatggtgacattgtagaccccgagactggcgaggtgatctcctga
>gene_15711|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gtggaggctttttttatggcaaaaaatatcaaaaaacgaaattgggcgtttgttctgtaccctgagtcagctccaactgattggaaagaacgtctgcaccttagcggtctgatgggtgcaattagtcctttacacgataaggacttagacccgacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcactaccacgttattttggtgtatgggtcaccgactacatacaacaacgtaaagtcgtttacagacgaattgaatcagcctataccgcaggctttagaacaagttcgtggttattatcgctacttcacccataaggacaaccccgaaaagtatcaatactctgatactgagattgagacgtttaacggctttgatataggcgattttgtagaaatcactaagtcagaggtcaacaagattaaatctgaactgcttgacttaattcgtagagaacagcttgttgagtatgctgactttataaactacgtattggacaatctatcttcagactatttcgacgtcgcaagtagccacacgattttcttcaattcttacttaacctctgcaagaaatagcagaagttgtccgaatgtggttgttagtgaccaaggaacgtgggtaaaagtcgacgagaacggcgaagttatcaagtaa
>gene_30890|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgaaagccgagtcagttcgaaatattttggaacatatagaacgaggaattgagcgtaaagatactcacgaacattcgaatgaaagtattgataagagtcggactcatctcaactatgatttagtccagaggaatgagtcagtttataagacctataaagacattctaaccggcttaaatcaagagaagatagctcgctccggtaagaagattcgaaaagatgccgtcacgctctgttcgtgggtagttactcttccggaaggaattgataaaaaaaaagaaagagagttctttgagataagttataaatatttctgtgacagatacggtaaggaaaagataatagctgcaaccgttcataatgacgagataacaccgcatatgcacctcgaactaatcccaatcattaacgagaaagacgggcatagacggctatgtgctaaagatttagagacacgcttatctcttaaacaagtccacccagaactccagcagatattagcgaacaaattgaactgcgaggttaaacttttaaatggagcgacagacgggggtaatttgacggttaaagaactaaaagctaaaacactcgaagaaagagcagataccgccttaaagaagctcgtagcggttcaaaaaacagcg
>gene_14129|plasmid replication protein
atggcacagaaagttgtcaaaaagcgcaactggacgttcgtgctgtatcctgaatctgcccccgctgattggcttgaaaagttgcagcagacaggtcttcaagctgaaatcagccccctgcacgataaggataaaaacccggacggcacagtaaagaaagcgcactaccacatcattgtctgctactctggaccgacaagctacacagtcgttaagggtctgacggatagtctgcgacagcctatcccgcaggcgctggaacaggtcaagggtatgcacaggtacttcacacacatggacaacccggagaagtaccagtatgaccccaaagagattaggacgctgaacggctttaatattctggattacagtgaccctacaaggtcggagattctggagtacaagaaagaactgttcgcgctgatccgcagccagaagatgacggagtattccgcgctgatcgatttcttgatggataacgagatgtctgacctgctggactgtgctgcatctaacaccgtcctgtttaccaactatatccgcagccggcgttatgctgctgtggacgcagaaaacgcagaactgcgccgagagttggaagacacaaaaaatatgctggatacgctccggaaagctccgaaacgctga
>gene_13323|Plasmid replication protein
acaagcggaaagggtagaacgcgaaactgggtatttatagtttatccagagagcgcaccgaataattggagagatattcttgatgagttccacatcgagtgggtagaaagtccgctccatgatagcgataaaaatgatgctggagagcttaaaaagccccattggcatgttttattgatgtttgaaggtgtgaagaccgttgaacaggtgaaagagatttctgaggccgttttcgggactattcctatcaagtgtaatagccctaaaggaactgtgcgttatatggcacacatggacaaccccgaaaagcatcagtatgacaagtccaaaatagttggacatggtggagccgatgttggggaactcttgaaaccgacctcttcagctcgatatatgctgatcagagagatgtcggaattcatccgcgataatgatctccgtgaatatgaggatttgtatttctatgccatggaatacagatttgatgattggttccctattctgtgcgacagtggtacgtatgtaatcgattccttgttgcggtctcgtagaaacagaattcgtgaagaggctgaaaaagagcgtgaacgaatcgaaagacagaaacggcttgaccgttatgatatgcagtaa
>gene_53382|RepB protein
ttcatagtttatccggagagtgctccgaagaactggagagatatcctcgacgaattccacattgagtgggtagaaagtccactccatgatagtgataaaaatgatgctggagagcttaaaaagccccattggcacgttttacttatgtttgaaggggtcaagaccgttgaacaggtgaaagagatctctgaggccgttttagggactattcccattaagtgtaacagccctaaaggaactgtgcgttatatggctcacatggacaatcccgaaaaacaccagtatgacaaatccaagatagttggacatggtggcgctgatgttggggaactcctgaaacctacttcttcggctcgatacatgctgatcagagaaatgtcggaatttatccgcgataatgatgttcgcgaatatgaagatctgtatttttatgctatggaatacagatttgatgattggttcccaattctgtgtgatagtgggacgtatgtgcttgactctctgttacggtctcgcagaaacaggattcgtgaagaggccgaaaaagagcgtgaacgtattgaaagacagaaacggcttgaccgttatgatatgccatag
>gene_49718|Replication protein
atgtcaaaagaaaatgcaagcggaaagggtagaacgcgaaattgggtattcatagtttatccggagagtgctccgaagaactggagagatatcctcgatgaattccacattgagtgggtagaaagtccactccatgatagtgataaaaatgatgctggagagcttaaaaagccccattggcacgttttacttatgtttgaaggggtcaagaccgttgaacaggtgaaagagatctctgaggccgttttagggactattcccattaagtgtaacagccctaaaggaactgtgcgttatatggctcacatggacaatcccgaaaaacaccagtatgacaaatccaagatagttggacatggtggcgctgatgttggggaactcctgaaacctacttcttcggctcgatacatgctgatcagagaaatgtcggaatttatccgcgataatgatgttcgcgaatatgaagatctgtatttttatgctatggaatacagatttgatgattggttcccaattctgtgtgatagtgggacgtatgtgcttgactctctgttacggtctcgcagaaacaggattcgtgaagaggccgaaaaagagcgtgaacgtattgaaagacagaaacggcttgaccgttatgatatgccatag
>gene_57119|replication protein
atgtcaaaagaaaatgcaagcggaaagggtagaacgcgaaattgggtattcatagtttatccggagagtgctccgaagaactggagagatatcctcgacgaattccacattgagtgggtagaaagtccactccatgatagtgataaaaatgatgctggagagcttaaaaagccccattggcacgttttacttatgtttgaaggggtcaagaccgttgaacaggtgaaagagatctctgaggccgttttagggactattcccattaagtgtaacagccctaaaggaactgtgcgttatatggctcacatggacaatcccgaaaaacaccagtatgacaaatccaagatagttggacatggtggcgctgatgttggggaactcctgaaacctacttcttcggctcgatacatgctgatcagagaaatgtcggaatttatccgcgataatgatgttcgcgaatatgaagatctgtatttttatgctatggaatacagatttgatgattggttcccaattctgtgtgatagtgggacgtatgtgcttgactctctgttacggtctcgcagaaacaggattcgtgaa
>gene_55032|Plasmid replication protein
gtgagccctcacggcttggcggcacgagtgagagctcttgaaactatggaggtattataccatatgagcaccaaaaaaacaaggacggcggacggtagagttcgcaattttgctactgttgtatatccagaaagtgcacctgaaaattggcttgaaattctttctggcttgtttgttcctgcttttgttagtcctcttcatgataaagatgttaatcccgatggtgagccgaaaaaacctcattatcatgttttgtttatgtatgacggtaaaaaatctattgaacaagctactgatgccttttcgtctttttctggcgtaggttgtgaagttgttcagagcatgagaggctatgctcgttatctttgccatttagataatcctgaaaaatatcaatattctccagatgatgttaaggctttttgtggtgctgattattcagctattatcggccttgttactgataaatataaggccattcgtgaaatgatagcgttttgcgaagctaatcaaatgtactcttatgcggatctgcttctttattgcagtgaagaaagatccgactggtttcgtgttctttgcgataatggaacgattgttgtaaaagagtatcttaaaagtcgtacctggactaatcggaatatgtga
>gene_21192|Plasmid replication protein
atgattgataaggcttcaagaacaaggaattttgtttcaatcggatatcctgagagtttaaaagagggatggctccagattctcgaggaaactcatattccttgcattgtcagtcctttgcacgataaggatgtaaatccagatggtgaagcaaaaaagcctcattatcacatcatgattatgtatgagggtcctcatacaatggaacaggcacaaaaagtctttgatagtatcggcgccgttaagtgcaaaacggtgaattccgtcagaggtcaggctcgttatttcttgcatatggataatcccgaaaagatgcagtacagcattgaagatgtcaaatgcatttcgggttccgattttcaggaattgattcagcttccttctgataagtatggaatcatcaaagaaatggttgaatttatcgagcgtaatgatgtcctttctttcagtactctcgttagatggagttctcagcataaagaggactggttccgttctctctgtgataactcggcttacatcatcaaagaatatttgtcttcaagagaatacaccatctcaaataaaggtgttgctaaggatctaaatgattcagagcattggagccttccttctgaacaaagaaaagagggtgcaaatgagaagtaa
>gene_31275|RepB protein
atggcaaaaaatcttaaatcaaagtattggcggttagaactctacccgaccaaagaacagcttgagcgtgagggtcttgcaaaagattacgacggctctgcaggttatggctcactgcctgataattggctcgaaatcttggagcagacctgcctgccgatagcaataagccccttgcacgacaaggacacaaagcccgacggctcggtaaaaaaaccgcattatcacatagtgataaattacccgagctcgaacaccactctgaaggcggtcaaggagcgtattgcggacgagctcaacgctcctgcgccgttcatagcggacaacccaaaaggcgcatacgaatacctatggcacaaaaacagccccgaaaaatatcagtatgacgaagcaggggtaattcatttaggcggttatcgtgtgcccctcacttctgatgaggtgcgactgctcaagggcgaactgcaggactttatcattgagaacggcatatttgaatacaacaattttctcgatgccgtcaagtcgcagttcggcgcagagtcagacctttacgactgcgccaccgttcactatggaatgtttaatgcctacatatcgagcagacgaaacgagcttcgagaagccctgcagaacagtcggacatag
>gene_36630|Replication initiator protein
atgttgttatgcaagcctctgagtgctgttagggtatctggaggtattattatgaaggttaaagtaagccttgatagggttactgttactggagaagcacattatagcgttggcttgatggatctcgcgcgtcatgagggctgggttattaaaacagggccgaatggtgtatatgcgtcactagatcggttgtttgataatgatgatactgaggttatggctgtgttagttagtaatccgtatcgagaggattcttggcgtgttgatacttcgaatcatttaaatgatgatgaattaagacgagtacgtgctgtatctagtcggcttattgagtctcatataacgagggttgatgttgcattcgattttattaatggtttttatgagcccatgaagcatgtaattgtgagacctagggctactcagactgagatttatgagacagagtatcgtgatgcgtcacggcgtttacagacgttgtacagtggtcgtaggtcgtcaaataagatgtatcggttgtatgataaattggtcgagcaaaagaagcatggagttgctgttcctaataatgttgagaggtgggagcgttgggagatgcaattgcgtggtaaaggtactcatggttgggttaggtctgcgcat
>gene_6785|Replication protein
aagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgcagagaaagaaccgactggcacaatgctctgatgcagaaatcgtacacgattgaacggttcattaagtcgcatcgacatagtggcagaggtccagtaaacccaattactggagaagcgtacgaggttgaatag
>gene_32497|Rep50
atggcaacaaacagtaaagaagtacaaaaacgagctgacgaaaagcgtcgtggaacacgagctttgtcctggtgtgcagtagtatatcccgactctgctccagcagactggagagatatacttgactcaaatcatatccaatggattgagtcacccttgcacgataaggatttaaaccccacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcattggcacattctactacagttcgaaggggtaaagacccaagaacaagtaaaagccgttctagagcctttaaaatgccctataccgataatgtgcaaatctgcaaagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgcagagaaagaaccgactggcacaatgctctgatgcagaaatcgtacacgattgaacggttcattaagtcgcatcgacatagtggcagaggtccagtaaacccaattactggagaagcgtacgaggttgaatag
>gene_37468|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggcaacaaacagtaaagaagtacaaaaacgagctgacgaaaagcgtcgtggaacacgagctttgtcctggtgtgcagtagtatatcccgactctgctccagcagactggagagatatacttgactcaaatcatatccaatggattgagtcacccttgcacgataaggatttaaaccccacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcattggcacattctactacagttcgaaggggtaaagacccaagaacaagtaaaagccgttctagagcctttaaaatgccctataccgataatgtgcaaatctgcaaagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgc
>gene_36803|Rep50
atggcaacaaacagtaaagaagtacaaaaacgagctgacgaaaagcgtcgtggaacacgagctttgtcctggtgtgcagtagtatatcccgactctgctccagcagactggagagatatacttgactcaaatcatatccaatggattgagtcacccttgcacgataaggatttaaaccccacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcattggcacattctactacagttcgaaggggtaaagacccaagaacaagtaaaagccgttctagagcctttaaaatgccctataccgataatgtgcaaatctgcaaagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgcagagaaagaaccgactggcacaatgctctgatgcagaaatcgtacacgattgaacggttcattaagtcgcatcgacatagtggcagaggtccagtaaacccaattactggagaagcgtacgaggttgaatag
>gene_33822|Rep50
atggcaacaaacagtaaagaagtacaaaaacgagctgacgaaaagcgtcgtggaacacgagctttgtcctggtgtgcagtagtatatcccgactctgctccagcagactggagagatatacttgactcaaatcatatccaatggattgagtcacccttgcacgataaggatttaaaccccacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcattggcacattctactacagttcgaaggggtaaagacccaagaacaagtaaaagccgttctagagcctttaaaatgccctataccgataatgtgcaaatctgcaaagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgcagagaaagaaccgactggcacaatgctctgatgcagaaatcgtacacgattgaacggttcattaagtcgcatcgacatagtggcagaggtccagtaaacccaattactggagaagcgtacgaggttgaatag
>gene_34963|Rep50
atggcaacaaacagtaaagaagtacaaaaacgagctgacgaaaagcgtcgtggaacacgagctttgtcctggtgtgcagtagtatatcccgactctgctccagcagactggagagatatacttgactcaaatcatatccaatggattgagtcacccttgcacgataaggatttaaaccccacaggagagcctaaaaaggctcattggcacattctactacagttcgaaggggtaaagacccaagaacaagtaaaagccgttctagagcctttaaaatgccctataccgataatgtgcaaatctgcaaagggtacagttcggtatatggctcatctggataatcctgagaagcaccaatatgatccgaaagacattatcggtcatggcggtgctgatgtggctgcatacttcacgccaacggctagtgaagttgaagccttgattatcgagatggaagactttgttgtaaagtacaacatctccgagtatcaagatttggtttattatgctcgcagagaaagaaccgactggcacaatgctctgatgcagaaatcgtacacgattgaacggttcattaagtcgcatcgacatagtggcagaggtccagtaaacccaattactggagaagcgtacgaggttgaatag
>gene_29966|Rep50
atggccgaaaataagcaagcaaggaaacctgatgaccgtgttcgcaactttgcgacagtggtctatcctgaaagcgctccggagaattggcaggagattctcgccggtgagtttgttcccgcttttgtgtctcccctgcatgatagggatatcaatccgggcggcgaatccaagaaaccgcacttccatgttgtcctgatgtttgagggtaaaaaaagtatggaacaggtcaaggagattaccgctaaaatcggcggtgtaggccttgagaaggtcaattctattcgcggctacgctcggtacctctgtcatttggataacccggagaaagcgcagtatatgcctgagggtgtgcgttgtctctgtggatccgattattcctacaccatcggtctcgtcacggataagtacaaggccattgacgagatcatggacttcattgatgcaaacggtatcaccagctaccgaaatctcatgcagtactgccgcaaagagcggcgtgactggttccgcgtcctgtgcgacaatggtacttacgttgtcatggaatatttg
>gene_29292|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggaaatcttcaaaaatacacaacgaaaaactttcgtaatttaacgaaacactgctttcgtgaaaaagtttcaccaaacgttaatttagaaaaaagtcccaaaaattacaatctctgcagccacggaaataatttcaaagaaatcaatgagtactttaaaaaaagactttctgaacttcatgtgatgagaagagcggacgtgaaaacaaattgtaattggacgattactgcacctgcagacctacaaaagggaatggagactgattttttcaatgcaactaaagaattcttagacagaaaatacggcgaagtcaacaatctctacgcaactgtccacttggacgaagctacgccccacatgcactactgtttcgtaccgacagtacccgacctcaaacatggcggttttaaggtatctgcgtttgaattattaaataaaactcatctaaatacatttcacacagaattcgaacaatttttaaaagaaaaaggtattccgtgtactgtacgaagcggaatcacacgtcaacagggtggaaatcgtacaatcaaagaactcaaggcggaacgtccggtagaacattctaggtgggaaaataattactcagaagagtataatttgaaattattttttgaggaatag
>gene_54908|Putative replication initiation protein
gaaaggacttatacacttaattttatggctaaacctaactatcaaattaaagcgtttattttgaacgaacgctatgacttgattagtagtgttaaaaacatttcaaaagccaaatacaactcttattatggaactgatttacataacgattttatgttatcttattggctccaagttgaagaagaactaataaacgataactcttttttatattcggaagctcttaaaattaataaagctgatttaaatcgtgctgttagacttaagaaaagaattaagaaatatttaaatctaggttcttgcttatttttaacccttacttttaacgataatacgttatctaatacttcggaagatactcgacgtcaatatgtccgtaaatggcttaaaaagatgtctagttattacgttgctaatatcgactatggtaagaagaacggacgagaacattatcacgctgttattaggttagatgacattactaaagaagatgaaaaactttggaatagatatggctttctaggtgttcgttatatcaggtcaactgaagactacaaagcactaggaaagtacattgctaaacttactaatcacgccatcaaaaatactactaaacggtcagcagttatttacggcgaatcttaa
>gene_35209|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttcgtagagcaacggtatggagggcatttattattttcggcggttcatcgggatgaattgtctaaaaatttaaagggtgaagtgcgtccgcatattcattgcgtttttatgccgatcatgaaggatcagaagactggaaaggataaaatttgcgccaaagaggttttaagcaggaaagacctatctacattccataatgacctgcagaaggccttagaggcgaagctagggcactctttggggattttaaatggtgtgactcacgaaattgatgaggaaacagggaagaaagttagtaaaaataagtccgtatcaaaattgaaacttgaaacagttatgatggaacgtgatttttataaggaaaaggcaggtaaatatggtgctgtagggctttggttgatgaaaaatcatcgtgatgtatgggatgaagtaagaagggaacgtgttcgaagtaatcaggaattagtagattgggctttggatgaatttagtcgaaaatgggatgaaacagaaatcgagagacgtcggaagcgtcatgcagagcatgagaaggaacgtagggcgaagcagaaggcagaacggcagaaagaaaagccctcgtctcggtttaagcgtcagagacaagggcaggaaatggaaagatag
>gene_35419|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctcagaaggcaaggttcttcaccggaattgtctatccggatagcgccccagatgactggaaacagcagctagaggactcgcttgggatgtggctcataagcccactgcacgatccagacgtgacgaatgagagtgtgtcacaggagagcggggatgccctagatccgaatagggtcgggaagctgcactggcacgtgatgtactgccatgggaacaccatcacgcccaaggcggcacgcgagatcttccctgattgggtgcatgtctcgaagatcccaaacaagttcatggtcacggcctcgtgcaacttagcacgctacttctgccatctcgaccagccatccaagcagcagtttcagggtgacccatacaagctcatgacggctcttaacggcttcccgctcgatctcgaaaggcagttgacgaggcaggagaagcgtcagatgcgtctctctgtgcaagccctgattgatgcaaagggcttcacggagttctgtgacctcagccggttcctcggtgtgtcacacgactgggagatgttcgattacgtgaacgacaactacggatggacgtgcaagtacctcgattccgtccgtggtaaggcaaagtgggcttctgagcaggcaaaacagtccgactaa
>gene_44973|Replication protein RepB
atgaatgagaaaaaacgaactagaaattttgtagccattggctaccctgagtctcttgttcctgattggttaaacaagttagaagagactcacattcctatcgtgattagtccgttgcacgataaggacaaaaacccaaacggagaaaccaaaaaagagcattatcacattatgttgctctatgatgctccgcatacatatgagcaagcccaagaagtgttctcaatgattggtgccactaaatgcgagattgtaaactctacaagaggtcaagcaagatatttgtgtcacttagataatcaagaaaagtatcagtaccctattgaacaagttaagtgtctcaatggagttgattatcaatccttaattgaattgccaagtgacaattggcaagcagttagagaaatgcttgttttcattaatgagaacaacatcattgcatatagtgatttgcttgaatatgcctcaatacacaatgagaattggttccgttgtttattagagaaaaacacaatggttatcgttgaatacatcaagtctcgtacttggaaaatcaatcaagaattctataggaacaccggtaataaaaaagagggtaccggtacattgattgatgagactacaggcgagatagtcgagtaa
>gene_55262|Plasmid replication initiation protein
agtgagcgacaggttcaaaagatagttgattccgttcacggtgcaaagcctattatgtgtgaaagtgtcaatggttctattagatatatgacacatatagacaatccagaaaaagcacaatataaaaaagatgatattgttgttatcggttcacatgatatagatgaagcatttacacgcagtatagataaatatgcaaatattggagctatgattgattatatagaagataacaatataacagaattttttatgtttttaaaatattgcagagcaaataatcaagtatggtttaaggctttgtgtgatagttcatttttaatccgtgaatacataacaagtaaaagaaattatgtaaaagaccaaatgttaaatggttcatatatcggagatgatgatgaatga
>gene_43521|Plasmid replication protein
atgagtgatactaaatcaagtaagtgtgcaactaaggattgtagggcaaggaacttcgcttgtgttctttatcctgagtctgcacctgataattggcaagatattatttctgaattaaaagtaccttttttaatctcgcctttgcatgataaagatataaacccaggtggagaacttaaaaagccacataggcatattattgcttgttttgaaggtaaaaagtctattgaacaagtaaaggagttctttgctacttttggtggtgttggctgtgaagttattcagtcaattagaggttatgctcgctacctttgtcatttagacaatcctgaaaaagctcaatatgatacgtcagaggtcctccaatttggtggcgctgattatgtttcgactattggcctaccaactgataagtacaaggctattcgtgaaatgattgctttctgtaaagaaaatagcattgtttcctatgctgagcttttagaatattcttctgtaaatcatttcgattggtttagggtcctttgtgatagttctactcttgttatgacagaatatctaaagagtgttgtttggacctctcgccgtcgcgaaggctacaaatcctctaatgttgaccctgaaactggcgaggtgatataa
>gene_21685|Replication protein RepB
atggcaacacccagcaaggaaaagtacaggtacttcgcgtttctcgtgttcgaggatagcgccttggacgattggcgcgaaaggctaaagcggtcgcacggtgcgtttgcgatatcgcccctgcaccagccagacgatgagtgcaagaaaccgcattggcacgtagtgtacaggcacagcaacacggtatctctcgacggtgccaagcgtgccattcctgagaatgttgcggcaaatggttacgttgagcctttgacgaatccgcgcaactaccagcgttatttgctgcacctcgatgaccctgagaaacagcagtggcagggtagcccgcaggagctgatagagtgcatgaatggctttcccctcgacctgacgcgcgatttctccaagcaggagagagaacaacagcgtatggacttgatgggagttatcagggacaacgagatttgcgagtatgccgacctgctggaaggtctgctagacagtggcatgtatgacctcttcgattacgcattcaaccacacgatagcgatgcaagcctacctaggctctcgccgtaatcgcgtgcgtgtttgcgcggatgaaccacctgcgggaagtgacgaaagcccgacgaatccccatgacgatgccgcatcgtag
>gene_27530|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcaacatacaattttagcattactgcgaaatctcgcagtaaaggaaagtcggctgcatccgagctttcctataattcgcgaacaaaattaaatgacattactactggccgtaattttgataatcgcgaaaaaaaagaccttgtttggacaaaggtctttcttccgactggggcttcaccgcagtggatggatttgcaaattcttgctaatgatttagaaaaatattcttctcactcgaatgctcgaatatgtaagacttttattgtggctctgccaaacgaactatcagaagaaagcgaaattaaattaggggaagaactgggagaacgttttaaaaaaatgggcatagtaaccgttgtaagttttcacgatgaaatcaaaaatggaaaaagaaatcgtcacttacatgtagcgattgcaacgaaaccttgcaaagatggaaaatttgttcccggcagtatagcgggatataaatgtattcacaagggtaccgaaaaaatattaacagccagagaatttaatgctcttaaagctacgtctacgccagcagaaaaaatatataaatacgttcctaaaaatgaagaaccctcaaaacaaaatacattaagattaactccttcacagtacgaaaaagaatacaaagagacatacgtccgtaaaagcaaacaaccagaaaaaattaaaatagacttaactgattgggatagtaaggagtggttgaaagaacaacggaaattttgggcggatgcttgtaataaatatcttgaattagaagattttgaagaaagagtcagcgaaaaatcttataaagaacgagggatagaaaaaattcctgaagtccatcttggaaccgtggcggctaaaatggaacgtgacaaaccaggttcttcagtaagagggcaaaaaaatattgccattaagaaaagaaacgaagctatagaaagaatcaatgtaattctcgaaaatgatgttatagataatgatgttgaccgagctgctgcaatagatataaaaaaagaactgcttgaagacgacgaggcagaacttatggaatacaaaacttggaaaattaatttatttagaaatatcgttcagaagcttgacgaagcaaaaacgttattctgttcttttatttttgaacaaactggttttatattgtttcttcgaaaccagctcacaacagttcgaaaggttttagatatgtttagagaaaaaagttctgatgcaagggaaaaagcagaaacaatagatagcattatttcaaatgccgttgaacgttctgaagaacaaccacaacaatcaacacaaaccaacgaaaaaacaccaccgagagggcacaaaaccgccccattagaggatgagataggtctttattag
>gene_14006|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
atgtcttttgcaatttttagagttcaaaagttaaagcgaggagttggcaagggcactttgtcgtgtgcatataggcacttgcaacgccatgcaaaaagtgcagaaatatccaacccagagttaagcaacttgaatatgtttcaaacttttaagggtggatatgataccgtcaaaagcaagttaaatgcttatataaaacaacacaatgaacatgcaaaagcaaacgacaaaaggtcgttaaggaatgatgcatctgttgctattgaaatgatattttcttatagcaaaacagaggacaatcaaacattacagtttgcaaaggaatacgagcaaaaacttattgcttttgtaaaagaaacaatgccaaaccttgaagtggtggcatttgcccggcatacagacgaagagtcgttccattggcatgtgataggtattccctttaataagtccaaaaaaaagttaagtagcaaagacatacttggaggcaaaaaagatatgagcgaattacaaactaagtttgccaagtgtgtcgagtgcttaggacttaaaagaggtataccaaaggcaataaccaagaagaaccacacgaccaaagaagaatacaatcgtttaatgatattagcagcagaggagcaccgc
>gene_21422|MobA/MobL family protein
atgcaccgcgcaggggtaacgaaaggaggcggagcaatggcgatataccattgctcgatcaaagtcggcagccggggcgctgggcgctctgcgtgcggcgcggctgcatatcgcgcaggcgataaagtcgaggatcgggaaaccggattgacgcacgacttccagaggaagtctggcgtcgtgcatgatgaaatcatgctgccgaaaaatgcaccagagcaattcaagaatcgggaaacgttatggaacgccgcgcaagatgcagagcggcagaaggacggacagctttttcgggaggtagaagtcgcactcccgaaagaattgacgcgggatcagcagattcagctcgtccgtgattactgtaaggaaaattttgtcgatcaaggaatgtgtgccgattgggctttgcatgataagaacgacggcaatcctcacgcccatatcatgttgaccatgcgctctctcgacgagaaagggcgcttccttccaaagcgccggacgcagtacgccctcgatgaaaacggtgagaagatccccgtcctcgatcggaatggaaatcagaaaatcggaaagaacgggcgacggatctgggagcgcttggacgttccaacaaacgactggaacgacaagagcaaagcggagatgtggcgtgagaattgggcgacctcttgcaataaatatctgacgccagatcaacgaattgaccaccgcagttttgagcggcgcgggcttgaccgaatcccaatgatccatgaaggttttgctgcgcgtcagcaagaacggcgcggcgggatcgcgccgtcttgtgaaatcaaccgagagatccgagcactaaacgaagcgcgtcgtattgtcgagaataaagagcgcgagctaattgtcgcgcaatatcgatcggagcgagatcgaagaatccagagctaccgagatcatttatttaggagtgatgaaaatgccaatagcaaagatcgggcagaaactggaacccgaaaaactgaacgggataaacagcgaggcgtggcagcgcatcatgtacgacgcgccgacaaatccaactctcgacatactcgccgaagcgaaagacgaagctatacttcttttgagtcaaaacgtagtatgtcggacttgcccgaattcggtgtggttgagaaaacgtcgagaactcgtctgttattgtccgataatgaacgccgtgatgtggtcaagcctcaagccgaccgagatcgaaataatggtttgcagcgcgagagtacaggagccgatgaacgagcaagaacccagcgacagatagacgcgattcgtcgcagaaaacgtgccgaaaaactttcggctgaaaaattatcgatcaagagccagacgacgcggatcaagaccaccggatccaaaattaacgaaatcaaaaataagcgagaagccgaggcgcaatatcagcgcggcgtcagtgatgtgatgaacgcgttgcagactggggcgcagctgccggaaaaggttataacatcgatgttgccggatgacattaaaaaagtctatgcggctgcaaaaaaggtgctgaccatgccgctggatccgaaaaatttgttaccgcataacattgtgaaaaacgcgttttcagctatagcccaatgcgcccaagctggggacaaatccgccggagcttttctgcaaaatccaggctccgtgccaaaaaaaattatggataaatgggatctgttatccgttgcagagcgagacgagatgagggcgaaaaatgcgatcatggacgaatggccagaagacaaattcaccagcccgatgcagaaacttaataagctcggcccgagcgcgagcggtccgatccagtccggaaaagaacaacaaaaacaacgtgtccgcttcttaatgaaagagagctga
>gene_27980|Replication protein
atggaacaaatgaagatggatatgccaatggataaatgggaacggctctaccatgagaaggagcagtggctggatacttacctggagagagtgacaccggaggaattctaccgggatctctggcctgaagggacctttgagcgtgaagggtgcctggaggatcagaagccgaacggtctggctctggccatccagggcaagggagaagccaggcacaccatcatcacggatggattcgagcagcttccggagctgctgcaggaggactttgtgatcacgtccccgatcgggtactttgggcaccggagatctggccggaacgcccggtatgcctacgccatggcgtttgatctggacggtgtagagatgccgcagctccgggacgtcgatcatcagatgaagcgtgagattattccgcaggctacctacatcgtcaactccggtcggggcctgcatctgtactactttttcaaggagccggtgattctgctgccgacgatccagaagaccttgaaggagctgaaatacgccctgacgaaggaggtcatctggaatcgctatacctcgaccagacgagaagcggaggttcagggtattctgcagggattccggatggtaggtagtccgtcgaagctggggcatgagtatcccgtgacggcatatcgctggggccggggggagcgtgtgtcggtagattacctggtggaggcgttgccggatactgagagccagaggaagatatacaagctgatttcagctctggagggcgtcggcctggagcaggccaagaagaagtggccggaatggtaccagcgccggatcgtagagaagcagcctcgcggccgctggacggtcaagagagatctctatgactggtggctgaaggagatccggaagaagatctcagtcggacaccgtttctatggtgtgatgaccctggccatctacgcggtgaagtgcgggatctcggaggaagagctgcgccgcgacgcctattccctgcttgatgagtttgatgcgatgagcattgaaaacgtcaaccgcttcacggtcgatgacattgaagcggccctgaatatctaccaggagagttacaccaccttcccccgggatgatattgcgaagctgacgggtatcccgctgcagcccaataagcggaatggtcagaaacaagctgatcacctagaggaagctagggctatccgtgatatccgtatgcggcgtcaaggaaagaagtgggatgagaataatggccgcccatcgaaggagcagcaggtgctgcagctgagagcagaccacccggaggcgtcgatcagtgagctgtccaggatctccggtatctccagaccgaccctctacaagtatctggggaagccttga
>gene_7732|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggaaaaactaacaaataaagacaaggacgttttagagaaaaactatcctgcaaaaagtgacattaagaatgttacaaattttgtgtatcaacaaaacacacaaacagttattggcactaaaaagcgagtactcgccgacatagaaactggtgaaaagattgtggtcgaccaaatcactaaaagagtctacggcacccgcagtttttggaaagtctatttgatggattttttgacagtcctgggcatcattgattcgaaacaactggatgtatttatccatatctgcgaaaacactaatcagtccaacaatatgtatatcggaacttataaagatattgcggctgcctgtcacgtcagtcagccgacaatcgcaaaaatcattaaaaaacttactgctaacaacttcctacgaaaaaaacaaaacggcgtctggtacgtcaatccgaacatcttgatgcgtggtaatgataccaaacgacagatactactatcgtactacaatagtgcatctgatggtaatgagcaggaagaaagcctaacggtcactcgtaccgtccaagaaccctatgacacaccaaaggttgctggtgacggtactgtatatgtaaatactaagccattactggaagaaccgtga
>gene_21448|Replication protein RepB
atggctaaagaaaaagcaagatacttcacttttttactctatcccgaatcaattcctgaagattgggaattgaaacttgaaacacttggagtgccgattgcaataagtccacttcatgataaagataagagtgatattgaaggtcagcaatataaaaaacctcactatcatgtaatttatattgctaagaatccagttactgcagatagtgtacgctggaaaattaagaaattacttggagaaaagagtttggcaatggtgcaaattgctttaaacgttgaaaatacatacttgtatttgactcatgaaagcaaagatgctattgctaagaagaagcatgtttatgataaagctgatataaagcttattaataattttgatatcgatcgttatataacgattgatgttgaagaaaaagccgaacttttcaatgtggttgtttcaattattcgtgcgtataccattcaaaatatttttgacttatatgactttatcgatgaaaatggtgaaaattatggcttaacaataaatttggttaacgaagttattgcgggaaaaactgggtttatgaagttgctatttgatggtgcttaccaacgcagtaagcgaggagaaataaaaaaagccggagaaaattag
>gene_15327|Plasmid replication protein
gaagtgaggttattatatcatatgaatgaaaaaaagtcaaatgttaaaaagcgtaattgggcttttgtcctgtacccagagagcgctccagaggattggagagagatactccagacgtctggactgcaatgtgctgtatctcctttgcacgataaggatttgaatgcagatggaacagaaaaaaaggcacattggcacgttatagcaatatatagcggtcctacttcttttaatgtagttaatgctttatgcagtaagcttaacgctcctcaccctcaacctctggagcaggtaaggggttattatcgttatttatctcataaggataacccagagaaggctcaatacgatgagcgtgatataacaacgataaatggttttaatatcgctgattttgtggagttaaccaggagcgaggtcaataacgttaagttccagcttcagaagctcatcagagagcaggagctgtatgagtatagtgattttatggattatcttcaagacaatgatatgcggtttgagtatgatgtagccagctctcatacaatgttttttgatagatatatacaaagtcgcagatttaagcagataaacgagaagcataagattgacccggaaactggagaggtgatagaatga
>gene_57859|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gagagcgctccagaggattggagagagatactccagacgtctggactgcaatgcgctgtatctcctttgcatgataaggatttgaatgcagatggaacagaaaaaaaggcacattggcacgttatagcaatatatagcggtcctacttcttttaatgtagttaatgctttatgtagtaagcttaacgctcctcaccctcaacctttggagcaggtaaggggttattatcgttatttatctcataaggataacccagagaaggctcaatacgatgagcgtgatataacaacgataaatggttttaatatcgctgattttgtggagttaaccaggagcgaggttaataacgttaagttccagcttcagaagctcatcagagagcaggagctgtatgagtatagtgactttatggattatcttcaagacaatgatatgcggtttgagtatgatgtagcaagctctcatacaatgttttttgatagatatatacaaagtcgcagatttaagcagataaacgagaagcataagattgacccggaaactggagaggtaatagaatga
>gene_28352|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaagaaaatgtgaagaaacgcaactgggctatggtgttatatccggagtccgcaccggaagattggagagagcaactccaacagacagggttacagtgtgcggttagcccgttgcacgataaggacttagaccctacgggcgaaccgaagaaagcccactggcacatcatacttgtgtattcgggtccgacttccttcaatgtggttaagaaactgtgcgacagcttaaacgcacctataccaaaagcccttgagcaaattcgtggttactaccgatacctgacacacaaggacaatcccgaaaagtatcagtatgacgaaaaggacataaccaccataaacgggttcaacatagcagaccatacggaactgacaaagagtgaactcggagaacttaagcggaagatacacggaatgattagagaactggatatagtggagtatcaagacttgctcgattacttggcagacaatgagatgttcttggaatttgatgttgcaagtagcaacacactattcttcaacacatacataaagtcaagacggcataatgctcggttggcatttgaacgggcagagcggaacacggttaaggttgatactgaaacgggagaaatcttggagtag
>gene_57419|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaagaaaatgtgaagaaacgcaactgggctatggtgttatatccggagtccgcaccggaagattggagagagcaactccaacagacagggttacagtgtgcggttagcccgttgcacgataaggacttagaccctacgggcgaaccgaagaaagcccactggcacatcatacttgtgtattcgggtccgacttccttcaatgtggttaagaaactgtgcgacagcttaaacgcacctataccaaaagcccttgagcaaattcgtggttactaccgatacctgacacacaaggacaatcccgaaaagtatcagtatgacgaaaaggacataaccaccataaacgggttcaacatagcagaccatacggaactgacaaagagtgaactcggagaacttaagcggaagatacacggaatgattagagaactggatatagtggagtatcaagacttgctcgattacttggcagacaatgagatgttcttggaatttgatgttgcaagtagcaacacactattcttcaacacatacataaagtcaagacggcataatgctcggttggcatttgaacgggcagagcggaacacggttaaggttgatactgaaacgggagaaatcttggagtag
>gene_15478|Plasmid replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaagaaaatgtgaagaaacgcaactgggctatggtgttatatccggagtccgcaccggaagattggagagagcaactccaacagacagggttacagtgtgcggttagcccgttgcacgataaggacttagaccctacgggcgaaccgaagaaagcccactggcacatcatacttgtgtattcgggtccgacttccttcaatgtggttaagaaactgtgcgacagcttaaacgcacctataccaaaagcccttgagcaaattcgtggttactaccgatacctgacacacaaggacaatcccgaaaagtatcagtatgacgaaaaggacataaccaccataaacgggttcaacatagcagaccatacggaactgacaaagagtgaactcggagaacttaagcggaagatacacggaatgattagagaactggatatagtggagtatcaagacttgctcgattacttggcagacaatgagatgttcttggaatttgatgttgcaagtagcaacacactattcttcaacacatacataaagtcaagacggcataatgctcggttggcatttgaacgggcagagcggaacacggttaaggttgatactgaaacgggagaaatcttggagtag
>gene_28582|Rep protein
ttggctagagaacgtgcgcgcgttcttcgaaaggtcataaccgataaacagatatttttcacaacgttaacgattgaaaattgttcaggtagtgtcttacgcgatacactaaataaaatgatttctgcacaacgtagaatgtttagacactttaaaaataatgattattatcgtagtgttgagataacatataacaaacgtgatgatacttatcacccccacctacatataattcatcttgaagaattaccgctttcaccatcacgtttaaataaaacttggcgtgattttgttgtgggtgatggtataaaatgctctagagaatggttaagttgtaagcaagaaattgcaaatgatttaaattctaccgcgttagaaatgagcaaatatataaccaaacctacagatattgggaaaaacactattccaacgttatatactcaatgcaaaggtttgcacctacaccaagcacgtggctattttaaaaagcagattaaggctataaccgaaagtacagaacgtatgaaagcggaagaaatgcaacgtttaagtagctttgattatgaaatttattcgtacttgtggaatggtgataattatattaaatgtgatttaaaatcatacaatggtgaggtataa
>gene_36352|Putative Replication protein (Fragment)
ctgacccgctggcaggtcctccagcaagatcgtccagatttgctcccatatctcctgacccttacggtcaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcggcaggcccacctcagtaagtcacttcgcaagctgctaacgcatcgtcgccatttcaacggcggcattccgcgtgccccgtggacagagctttgtaaggctgaaggagcggtctacacactggagttgaccaacaagggcaagggttggcacccgcattgccacatgatcgttctggcgacctctcagccatcccaaaccgccctcagcgccgagtggcacaagatcactggcgatagcatggttgtggattgcaggcccatcctgggcgatcccgttgagggcttcatggaggtattcaagtacgccgtgaagttctccgacttgaccctggccgacaattggcacgcggcgcagatcctcaagggcaagcgcttgttgaacagccttgggttgttcaggggggtcgatatccctgagtctatgctcgatgaacccctcgatggcctcccatatttggatcgcttttaccgttacctgggtgatgaatatcggctggatgagttgaggacgaggagagggctaagccatgcaatgcaggattga
>gene_26540|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
tatacgagacttaaagccacccttaaagaacttcgtgaccgcagctggtggatggaaattgatgatgaaggcacagaaagtgctgtaagttggttcagcaccgtacgaaccaacaagagctcgggcaaggtaacaattgaatttcataaagacatgatgcctttcctgctgcagctggtcaaacaagacaccttttacaccagttataacctccagtacgtcctcccgatgagctgccaatatagtcctcgcctttatgaaatccttaaatcttatgtcaaaaacaataaccgacagtggttctttgaaatcgacgaaattaaatatctcttagattgtcaaggctacaaaaattttaatgacttcaaacgttttatcttggacagagccgtagaggaaatcaataagtttactgatatcaatgttgcctatgatactgtccgtgaagggcgtggcaataaagttgtgcggataaatttctacatggcgaagaagaaaccagataagttgcttgaagccaaaatagctggaactcaggaaatggacggacaaatgacccttgatgatctggcaaagagcatgtctcaaaataaagattctgtaaaacaaaaattttgggacgagaattttcggtaa
>gene_5194|Plasmid replication protein
atggctacaaatagtaaagcagtccaaaaaaaagcagacaagaaaagagaaggtgtacgtacacgtaattggggacttgttatgtatccagattcatgtccgcctaattacattgaaattcttaatgatactcatacaccgtatcttataagtccattgcataacaaggatgttaatgctgatggcaaacataaaaaagaccattggcatttgttattgatgttttcttcggttaagactgcggaacaggtgcaggaaatagcggataaattacatacacctccgcccgaaaaaattgcaaaccttaaaggtgcggtaagatatcttgaccatagggataatcctgaaaaagcacagtataattctaaagatattgttgcgggaaacggtgcatcttatattgatttatgtgaaagtgaaatggatgtccgtgatgcgtttgttggtatggtacaacttatcaaagaaagagatatcagagattttgacgtgttgttggatttgttgattgaagaaggcagaatggattggttgtatatcgcaacagagaaaagaacgttggcgattactaaatacattgatagcagatggaaacggattaataatgcaatcgctaaagcgatgaatagggggtaa
>gene_34735|Replication associated protein
atgacgacaacggacgacgacaagcgcagtgctcgaagtagagtgagagcattagagcgtttattgaaaatgtccgttgtcccgttgtctttttttgtaggaatggacgcggagcgtactagttcgagagaaaggagaaacaaaaaaatggaaaacgaacgtagtagacgctggcaattgacggaaaataatgcggactatacaaaggagcaaggcgcggagcgtctagcgagtataggacaagcgatttacgtagtaagttgcgaggaatgtggagagagagggactaaacacattcacgcatttgtaattttccaaaatgccattagtctaaactcattaagaaaggcgtttcctcgtgctcactttgagacttgcaaaggcacaaacgtgcaaaatcgtgcttacatagtaaaggacgatagtgccttttacgagagtggcagtatgccaataacgagcgaaaaagagaggaaacgagacgaggcgagcgaggtcattaaattacttaatgacggagtgccgttaatcgcgattagtcgcgagtatccgcccctcgcggattacgtcgtccgtaattataggagtttgaaagaaatagaaaacgatttaggtttttaccgcaaacgacgttga
>gene_53782|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgagcaaattgactcaggactgggatcgactcatgcatcgtacttggtgcaagaaaaatatagtcggctgggcgcgtaagacggagattacatacaacaaccgtaccaacacactgcatccgcatctacatgtcattgtaatggctacagaatcccctataccgatgatcgactattggttgcagtataaccctaacgcaaacaaacagtgtcaagatctgcaatctatcgacactggacggcattctgaggtagacaggcagacagtagtgccgatagatctatctgaaccagatgagagtattgtaggtgctatattggaaacatttaagtatactactaaatcctcagagatattggagatgccgttaaagactttgcgctgctatctgcaagggatcgacggcaagagactcattgcatacggaggtcttataaaagacatcagggcagaactcaaactgaaagaagaagagactgacatcgatgaggaatcaacaggtatgtgtattgtgtgcagtagtgtacaactagaacgtgcagctgcagcatggtcatttgcaactgagacgtatgagcagattaaaccaactagcatgacagatcgagagatcacaagagtagtagcggaatag
>gene_53542|replication protein, partial
atggctagtaaaaaatccaataaaagtgacgttgaagggtctgtaagagctctaaactggacttttattgtgtatcctgaatcagctccggataactggagagagattcttgacgatttccatgttgaatgggtcgaaagtcctttgcatgataaggatattaatgctaatggtgaacttaaaaagccacattggcatatttggataggcttttctggagttaaaagttttgaccaggttagagatataacagaagttttaaatgctcctatccctaaacaggtacataattctcgtgccatgattagatatatggctcatttggataatccagaaaaggctcagtattctgtgtctgatattgtcggacatggtggcgtagatcttaaaagtttacttaaggttaattcttcggaacgttattctttgataaaagaaatgttatcttttatcaatactcataatattcttgagtttcaagatattatggactatgcaatgaatgaacgttctgatgattggtttcctttgctttgtgataatagtgcttatataattaatttgcacttgaaatctcgcaggcatagacgtaataacacagtagattattctactggtgaaataattgatgactaa
>gene_15870|replication protein, partial
atggctagtaaaaaatccaataaaagtgacgttgaagggtctgtaagagctctaaactggacttttattgtgtatcctgaatcagctccggataactggagagagattcttgacgatttccatgttgaatgggtcgaaagtcctttgcatgataaggatattaatgctaatggtgaacttaaaaagccacattggcatatttggataggcttttctggagttaaaagttttgaccaggttagagatataacagaagttttaaatgctcctatccctaaacaggtacataattctcgtgccatgattagatatatggctcatttggataatccagaaaaggctcagtattctgtgtctgatattgtcggacatggtggcgtagatcttaaaagtttacttaaggttaattcttcggaacgttattctttgataaaagaaatgttatcttttatcaatactcataatattcttgagtttcaagatattatggactatgcaatgaatgaacgttctgatgattggtttcctttgctttgtgataatagtgcttatataattaatttgcacttgaaatctcgcaggcatagacgtaataacacagtagattattctactggtgaaataattgatgactaa
>gene_42333|RepB
atggcaggaaaaaagtcaagtggtgcagaacgtacccgtaattggacgattgttctttatccggaatctgctccgtcaaattggcgtgatattattgatgattttcatattgaatgggttgagagtcctttgcatgataaagatattaacgctgacggagaacctaaaaaacctcactggcatattgttttaatgtttagtggtgttaaatcatatgaacaggttatagaacttattcagccgttaaactgtcctattcctcagcggtgccataatataaaatctatggttcgttatatggctcaccttgacaaccccgataaagttcaatattctgtgtcagatattgtttctcatggcggtgttgaaatttctgatttgctccgcccttcttcgtctgagcgttactctctcattggcgatatgatacgttatatcaaggaaaataaagttactgagtttaaaactcttgttgattatgcaatggagtatgaatgtgatacttggtttcctcttctttgtgatagttgcgttatgattgtgcagacttatattacatctcagcgtcatgcgtctactcccaaaattgacccgttaactggtgaaattataaaccccgataatggctctctttga
>gene_31475|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgtacaatcgctttattaaagatacgattggtgagatgaagattaaggatgtccgcaaatccgatattcgtcatttctacggagacattttgcgcaacaacaaaatggcaattaacactcttgataccatcaacaatgttctccatcaagtctttgccgttgcggttgacgatgagtacattcggggcaatcccacggacggcgtgtatgcgtctataaaggctgcataccactacgaaacaccgaaaagacacgctttgactcgtccgcaacaagcagcatttctttcgttcatcaagagtacgccgaagtatttgcactggcttccccttttcgtatttctgttgggaacaggatgccgcatttcggaagcaatcgggctgtgctgggaagatgtggattttgagaacgaaaccatcactatccggcacaatctggtttatcatcaagatcaagccggaaagtgctactttactctttcaacaccaaagacaaaagctggtgaaagggtaattcctttaattgatgaggtgcgagaagcactattgaaggaaaaggcacatcaagatgaacttgaaatgacttgccagtttcaaattgctggattgaatgatttcgtatttctaaaccgt
>gene_51224|Replication initiation protein
atggctacaaatagcaaagaagtgcagcagaaagctgatgacaagagacggggagcaagaactcgtaactggaatgtgatagtatatccagaatctgcgcctgagaactggagagatatcattgatgcggagcatattaagtgggtagagtctccactgcatgacaaagatgtaaatgctactggagaatctaaaaaagctcattaccacattacgctgatgtttgactcaaataaatcatttgaacaagtaaaagaacttacagatgcattaaatacagtggaaccgcaaaaggttaattccgtagagggtagcatacgttacatgattcatatagataacccagacaagtaccagtaccttcgtagcgatataattggacatggaggtattgatgtaaataaattttttgaattaaccgcatcgcaaagatatgcgctgatagatgagatgacacattttattattgagcatgatgtagttgagttcatggatttaaaggcatatgcaatgtatgaaaggtcggattggaatgaagtgctacatagtgcatcttatgaaataatcaattttataaagtctcgtaggcatagtggacgtagaccagttaatcctataacaggagaaatgtattaa
>gene_27668|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
cctgtgtacggggataatcaaccacgcaccgaggataacaaggcagcaaagaggggattgacaatcccctcttttttgtggtacaatagcggtacaaatgttcgagaggaggcaaagaagacgagaaacgcatatctaccggaggatagggcggaagcgatcctgcgcaagcttgccccggtcgatcagctcataactcgtctgctcatcgagacaggttaccgcctggacgatgtcatgcacctgcggacttggcagctgatgggggacatattatccctccgggaacgtaagacgggacaccagagatccgtcacgatcccgtccgggttggctgcagatttgagagcctatgcctccaaaaggcatgggctctcttttgcatttcccgcactcagacggggaggtcgccggaagatgcaccgctccacatactggcggcactttgtggctgcagtcaaggctcttgggtggtcagattgcggatatgacccgcattcactccgcaagctgtacgccgtccgcaagttggccgagaccgggtctctgtacgcagtccaacgggatctgggacatcggagtatcgctgtgacggcattgtacgccctgtcagaccgttttggagccgctgagtga
>gene_3394|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer family protein
atggtagagctggaaacgtttataaaatatagatttttacctgttgcgctggtgtttgtggcattaatttttgttgctttttatgtaatggatagatgcaaagaagcgcaggcatctataaaagtggcaagtaaaaaaaaggcaaaaggttttgtgttcggtaaagtaggaaatagactttgcttttctccacttagtgaagaaggacatattttttgcgctggtagtacagggacgggcaaaacaaaattttttttacagccgagtataaattccatgaaagattgcgtatattcggggcttgtgttggatttttcgggagatataaccgatgcggtacaagcaccaaacaaagtcgtatttgagcctgagagcaaaaacacaataccatacaatgttttttatagcatagataaaaaaaacagcgtagaagagcaaacagaagcgttaatgctactttctgaaatgatgattccaattaaagctgacatgagcgatgccagccgttactatgcgaccgaagcaaagaaaattttaaaagccgcactaatagctttttactttcaaggcatggacttttgcacaatagcagaaaaagtggttttttgtagctacaaagagctttttaaggctatagatgcaacgcaaaaccgcattgcaatcggattaatcagtggtttttggggaacaacggaaaacagcataaataatgcaaagcaagtaactgacggagttctggaagagtttgcaatgaacccgaagtataaaaatgcagtgcgtagaccgaaagagggagaaacttcatgttatgcggaatccatagcagaaagtaatctttacgcaaaggttgacgattcagtaaaggaagtttatgctccgcttttgtcgctcatggttatgcaatgtatgaattttatttctgcattgccgaattatagcggaaataaaattattatatggctggacgagtacgcgactttggcgcgccttggaaacactgatttaattgtgcaagcactggaaaagagccgaaaaaaaggtgttaggatagtgattctgacgcaaggcttccaaaatattgaccttgtccagggagaacgcgaacgaatggtaatgttaaataattttaaataccgcgttcttttgggcacaaattctgtggaagagcaagaatattatgcgcgaatggttggaaagaaaaaagcgactaaaaaaagcatttcgcgaagtatgcgacaagtaactcggaccgaatcggaagaagaggaatggataattccgccagcagaatttggacgcttgaaaaatcagcttgttttagtgcacccagaaggaagctcgtttttgaaaaaaaataaaggagctgcgaagcaataa
>gene_5543|Replication initiation protein
atgggaaagaaaaagtcaaatgatactgcggaaactcgtactcgtgcatggacttttgttctgtatgaggatagcgctccggagaactggagagaaattcttgatgaactatacatcgaatgggttgaaagtccttggcatgataaggatataaatgccaatggtgagcccaagaaaaaacataagcatatatgtcttctgtttggtggtgtcaagtcttatgaccaagtcaag
>gene_29125|initiator RepB protein
atggctggattagttgttaaggataatgcacttattgaagcgagttatacgcttgaccttgctgaacagcggttaatcctattggcaatactggaggctagggaacaacaaaccttaatccaagcaggtagcttgctacgtattcatgccagtagctatatcaatcagtttgaggtggaaaaacataccgcttacaaggttcttaaagaggcggtacagggtttgtacgaggcaggttttgcttatagcaaggttgatgaacgcacaggcaaattggggcattacaaaagccgttgggtggataaaattggctatattgatgacttgggctgtgttgagctggtcttt
>gene_36625|Plasmid replication protein
atggctaaagttgttaaaaagagaaattgggcattcgtactttatccggagtctgcaccatctgattggagagaacaacttcaatcaactggattacaatgtgcagttagtccattacatgataaggatgtcaatccggatggtgaacctaaaaaggcacattaccacattatcatatgttacagtggaccaacttcttttaatgttgtaaaaggattgacggataaacttaatcaaccaattcctatagcactagaacaaattaaaggttattatagatatttcactcataaagataatcctgagaagtatcaatacaatgagagtgaaatatcaactattaatggttttaacatttctgactttgtggaaataactaaatctgaggttaataaaattaaagctgaattattaaatcttattcgtgataagcattttgttgaatattgcacttttatcaattttgttcaggataaaatggatcaagaatattttgacattgctagtagtcatactatgttttttaatacctatctaaagtcagctcgacatagtggtacatatacagatgttactattagtagagatggacagtatgttaaaattaatactgagactggagaaataatcgaataa
>gene_5522|RepB
atgggtgagcgttcaagtaaatgggcattcattgtatatccagattcggctcctcaagattggctttcaatattaaaactttcttttgttcgttctgcggtttctccgcttcactctccggatcttgaaggatccggagaggagcggaagaaacattatcatgtattactagattatgacagtttaaaatcttatgaacaggtaaagagtttaacaatatcaattaatgctactaatccacaaattgtaaataatccctctggatattatcagtatatgatacacaaaaataatccagagaaagaacagtttaaaaatggatatgaagcaatacaaaaatttaatggttttgatagtgacaagtttgaagattttacaaaaaaacaaatagattcatttaaaaaagatatttttagaattattgaaaagattggaattactgaatatgacgtattgattagttatttctcagataattatgatttagaaaattatgatttatattttagattagtaactagcaatactatattattcaattcttatctatgtagcagaagaaacagattaaagaaatcagaagttgaaagtttaattaaaaggattgaaaaattggagaaacaacatgaatga
>gene_53904|Replication protein
atgcttacagaggctattaaaatagcctatgatgtcacagcttgcacccacggcaacgagccagcaagcggtattatacatatagggctaataacaaacaatagatttaaaacgataaaatcctgcaagatcaaagacttacaagccgttacagcagggctaactatacaccccacatcagattattatattacggcaaaccctaccacgaggggcaacagacgcacaaatgatctatacagcctaaataatattgtcatagatatagactgccacagccgcagcatagataattatgataggttacaattactggaagagttggattttgccataaaaaaagacttatcagaacagctacagcctaatatatctgtatttactggtcgaggcttgcaattatggtattgccttgaagaaacagccccagcattaagttttttataccaaaaagccgtaaaagggttgtgtgcttacatacaaggcttgtatgatgaatacccacattttaaaggcatattagacatagacaccgccacaagcggaaaattggcaggttattatcgctattttgacagttacaatacaaaaacagggcttgccgtagacactgttataaaccacagcaaccgttataatttgaatgatattataacaactttgcaggaattaaatattactgcaaagaacgaaatacaccgccccacaccaaagccccccatagttttaaatgactgctacaaagggctaaattacaaaagacttgattgtatcgagtggctcatcagcacacgcaacgcacccaaaggggcagaaaatagagatttgctatgttttgcttactataatgcaggggttcagctttttgaccgagcaatagcaaaacaacgcttacaaaatcttaatcaaaagtttaaagagcctttagacaataataaaattactgatataataaattacatagataacaaaggctatttaagatttaaagctgataactggtatagttttattaatatgactgctgacgaaaggactgaatacaataacatgaggaataataagagaaactatacaagagataaagagcgaaaagcacaaaccaagatgaagaaagacgaacggaacgctcaaatcgtgcagttaaaaagcacaggaatgacaaacaaagctatagccgagcaaatgggggtatctgctataactgtaggtacagtcctaaaaacaaaaggcatagacgaaagacaaatcaaaaaaacaagaattatacagatgaagtcagcaggggtaaaagttgaagatatttgcagagatttaaagatttctctatcaacttataaaaggttactaaaggagattaatacagaaaatgagtaa
>gene_3539|Replication domain protein
atgacacagcaggaacagcttgaaggggcttctctgtggcttataactcttactcaacgaaatgtgtcaagcgataatctcaaaacggaaatagatagtttgttgtctgctttgataagtatgcgacatacaaagagtattagacgaagattattgggttcagcacggaacattgaaataacttataaccgtaagacaagaacttttcatcctcatgtccatatgatagcaataattaaagatggcgacgacgatatgtataagcctttgtattggcgttccttatggcagagattgatgaatttggattatgaaccaatctgtgatatacgccctattacagacacgcaaggggctgtttgtgaagtttccaagtatgctatcaaaccgtcatccatctataatttgaaactttcaaaaactcatatggatgatgttgtaagaatactgaatgatgctttaactaaccggagattggtaagttatacgggtatatggcgagaagcaaggaaacttcttaaacaggtggatgttgatttgcttaccttggaacaagatgataattcttccgtttgtggctgtggggctaacctgatggaagcaatgttgaagtgggatggacttgtttat
>gene_28368|Replication protein
cacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_49668|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_18009|Replication protein
ttgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_52237|Replication protein
cacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_53632|Replication protein
attgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_56824|Replication protein
ctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_38092|Replication protein
atggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_54461|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_16236|Replication protein
atggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_32111|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_30283|Replication protein
atggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_13430|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttg
>gene_17358|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_14962|Replication protein
ttgccccacaatacagccctcgatgtgggaaataatttcatactcactttcatactaaaaccccgtcaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcttcagaggtttccttggataagacaagtctttttcgtacctttgcactaccgaaaagtggaaaagaaactgtattgataatatacgcccccagaggagtgcgtgaggaacgaaacgcacatctgttcaaatcgcctgtagttatggaagaagatcacattatcattcaacgaaacttgcctcctgatgctgactggccgaaggcctggccccccaaggtcctgaagtctgacgagcaggttacagcagagttccatgagaagacagagtacctgcttacaagtcacgaggtgaggatcctggatctcgaagagattgacttgagagagtttgttgcctggatcttcgagaggagggatggccggcacaaggaatacgttgtgccttttgaggaaatccagagcaacgagtaccagctttggctgaagcagaagaaggagaagcggccacagatggactacaggggctatggctgctggagatacaaccccgttgtgtattatacagatggtgacaagaaccgtcatagagttctcttgaatgacgatgaggacacaatgaggtttcttgaacagcgtcagtttgccctgctcagccctgtaacctacgtcggtcgtaacaacactgcggtaaacgcccgttacctctatgccctggccttcgacctcgacggagtgggcacaaggcagattaagaagctgtgctggatgataaatggcggtgacgttcctatgcccaaccttatcacgaactccggccacggactccatttgtactatcttctggaacgccctattccactgtaccgggaaaacataaagctcctgaacaagctgaaatacggccttacaaacatcatctggaactatcatacctcgacggacatagacaggcaacatcagggtgtgcttcagggcttcaggcttccgggcacgctgaccaaatttggcgaaaaaatccgtgcgttccattcgtgcgaagctcctttccataagattgaggatctgaacgagttcctgtttacctacaagctgaccaaggaagaggtcaaacagctctggaaggagcctttctatgaccccacgggtgtcaccagagaggaagcggcacgtcgatggccggaatggtatgcggctaaggttctaggccacagatatgtaaacaaaaagtggaatgtcaatcgggctgtctatgattggtggctgaagcgcctgtgggatgctaatgatgaaatcaaggtgcatcataggtactggtgcatcctgacccttgtcacctatgcagtcaaatgtaatgtccctcgtgaggaagttcttcgggatgcctacaaactcgtgcccaaaatggacacctacacagacaccgaagacaatcatttcacaacaagcgacgttgacgatgccatgaaggcatacgacgagaaatattgcacctggccgacccatactatcgaatctactacgctattccgtattgacaaaagccgacgaaacggaagagacaagcacgcccacttaaagcgtgcaagaactgtgcaactcattgattatcccgaaggtaaatggcgcaacaaagatgggcgcccgaaggctactttcgataatagcgatgaagctaagctggtgaggttatggagacttgacaatcctaattcaaggaacaaatcggcttgtgcaagggagacggggttgtcacgccccactgttaggaaatggtgggaagcacctggcacagaaaaatag
>gene_49479|replication protein
gcaagtaaaaattcaagtggtgcgaatagaacgcgcaattggtcttttattgtgtatcctgaaagtgcgccagataattggagagatattcttgatgatgaacatattgagtgggtagagagtcctttgcatgataaggatttaaatgctacgggtgaggttaagaaacctcattggcatgtgcttgtaatgtttgacggtgtaaagtcttatgagcagattttagaacttacaacacgggttaatgcgactgttccgcagaaggtttcatcagctaaggggttagtccggtatatggctcatttagataatccggaaaaattccagtatgataaatctggcatcattgcacatggcggtgtggacgttgctgaattgctcaagcctacaagttctgctcgttatgttttgatacgtgaaatgtctgaatacataaaacaagccaatgtaaaagagtatgaagatttatggtattatgcaatggaaaatcgttttgatgattggtttccgttactgtgtgatagtgctacttattgcttgaatgctcttataaagtcacgtcgtcataggtaccatgatgctgatggtagacctgtagacactgaaacgggtgagataatagggttgtag
>gene_54650|Replication initiation protein
atggcaagtaaaaattcaagtggtgcaaataggacgcgcaactggtcttttatcgtgtatcctgatagtgcacctgataactggagggatatgcttgatgatgagcatatcgaatgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgataaggatttgaacgcgactggagaagtaaaaaaggcgcattggcatgtgttggtgctatttgatggtgtaaagtcttacgaacagattttggaacttacaacgcgcataaatgcgactgttcctcagaaggtttcttctgctaagggattagttcgatatatggcgcatttagataatccggaaaagtatcaatatgacaaatccggcattatcggtcatggtggtgttgacgttgcggaattgctcaagcctaccagttcggcgcgctatgttttaattcgtgaaatgtcggagtacataaaacaagccaatgtaaaagagtatgaagatttatggtattacgctatggaaaatcgttttgatgattggtttccgttgctatgtgatagcgccacatattgtttaaatgctcttataaaatctcggcgccataggttccatgatgcggacggtcggccagtggacacggaaacaggcgaaataataggtttatag
>gene_48513|Replication initiation protein
atggcaagtaaaaattcaagtggtgcaaataggacgcgcaactggtcttttatcgtgtatcctgatagtgcacccgataactggagggatatgcttgatgatgagcatatcgaatgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgataaggatttgaacgcgactggagaagtaaaaaaggcgcattggcatgtgttggtgctatttgatggtgtaaagtcttacgaacagattttggaacttacaacgcgcataaatgcgactgttcctcagaaggtttcttctgctaagggattagttcgatatatggcgcatttagataatccggaaaagtatcaatatgacaaatccggcattatcggtcatggtggtgttgacgttgcggaattgctcaagcctaccagttcggcgcgctatgttttaattcgtgaaatgtcggagtacataaaacaagccaatgtaaaagagtatgaagatttatggtattacgctatggaaaatcgttttgatgattggtttccgttgctatgtgatagcgccacatattgtttaaatgctcttataaaatctcggcgccataggttccatgatgcggacggtcgaccagtggacacggaaacaggcgaaataataggtttatag
>gene_52195|replication protein
atggcaagtaaaaattcaagtggtgcgaatagaacgcgcaattggtcttttattgtgtatcctgaaagtgcgccagataattggagagatattcttgatgatgaacatattgagtgggtagagagtcctttgcatgataaggatttaaatgctacgggtgaggttaagaaacctcattggcatgtgcttgtaatgtttgacggtgtaaagtcttatgagcagattttagaacttacaacacgggttaatgcgactgttccgcagaaggtttcatcagctaaggggttagtccggtatatggctcatttagataatccggaaaaattccagtatgataaatctggcatcattgcacatggcggtgtggacgttgctgaattgctcaagcctacaagttctgctcgttatgttttgatacgtgaaatgtctgaatacataaaacaagccaatgtaaaagagtatgaagatttatggtattatgcaatggaaaatcgttttgatgattggtttccgttactgtgtgatagtgctacttattgcttgaatgctcttataaagtcacgtcgtcataggtaccatgatgctgatggtagacctgtagacactgaaacgggtgagataatagggttgtag
>gene_52791|RepB
tggtcttttatcgtgtatcctgatagcgcacctgataactggagagatgtgcttgacgatgagcatatcgaatgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgataaggatttaaacgcgactggagaagtaaaaaaggcgcattggcatgtattagtgctatttgacggtgtaaagtcttacgagcagattttagaacttacaacgcgtgtaaatgcgacggttccgcaaaaggtttcttctgctaagggcttagttcgttatatggcgcatttagataatccggaaaaatatcagtatgataaatccggcattgttggtcatggtggtgttgacgttgcagaattgctcaagcctaccagttcagcacgctatgttttaattcgtgagatgtctgagtacataaaacaagccaatgtaaaagagtatgaggatttatggtattatgcaatggaaaatcgttttgacgattggtttccgttgctatgtgatagtgctacatactgtttaaatgcgcttataaaatcccgtcggcataggtaccatgatgcagacggtagaccagtggacacggaaactggtgaaataatgggtttatag
>gene_15106|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaagtaaatgttcaagtggtgcaaataggacacgtaactggtcttttatcgtgtatcctgatagcgcacctgataactggagagatgtgcttgataatgagcatatcgaatgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgataaggatttaaacgcgactggagaagtaaaaaaggcgcattggcatgtattagtgctatttgacggtgtaaagtcttacgagcagattttagaacttacaacgcgtgtaaatgcgacggttccgcaaaaggtttcttctgctaagggcttagttcgttatatggcgcatttagataatccggaaaaatatcagtatgataaatccggcattgttggtcatggtggtgttgacgttgcagaattgctcaagcctaccagttcagcacgctatgttttaattcgtgagatgtctgagtacataaaacaagctaatgtaaaagagtatgaggatttatggtattatgcaatggaa
>gene_57846|Plasmid replication protein
atggaaatgaccgttaccgaagtacaagaggaagcccccgcaagtggtaaatatcccacctgcaagacctgcgaaatcatgcaggaatggaaatacatggatacccagagcatcgccgaagtgattcgacgcataaagtccttgtctcagctgaaaacatggtgtattattacccatgataaggataccttgcccgatggcagggtcaaagagccgcacttccatgcagtactgacctttagtaattccaagacattcaagaccattgctgataccatcaagtgccaaccccagtatgtgaacaagatacgcacgacgacccttgccgccgaaatgtatcttatccaccgcaacgaccccgacaagtatcaatatgaccctaaggaagttcaagccaacttcgattatgtcgctaaatgtgccgagacccctgtgcgcatcaagaaggaacatatcgcaaccaaaatcgctacgggtgaaatcaagcggtacaacctgaacaagtacattaccattgacgactatgctcgcaacaaggtttactttgaccgatgttttgaatatcgggctgaacaacagaaaggattggacagaaatatgcattgctttttcattacaggcgcaagcggc
>gene_16336|Rep protein
ttgacgaaaaaatggcagaaaggcaggtgtatcaacggtttgagtgaagttgtaaaaagattcagaaaagtcattgtgactaatcatataattgaagtttacgagtatgaaagatgtcctggtccaggcttagattcagaaaaaaatgatgattataatgcattggatttagataacattacgtttgagaaaaaagaccgaaaagaagaaagacgacaacaaactgtaagagatgctagaaacattaccaggcgtttagcattgatgaattttgagtctaatagcaaattcattaccttaacgtttaaaaagaatataagagatatagagtatgctgatggagagtttaaaaagtttatccaaaggttcaaatataaatttgatattcccaaacttaaatatttagctgttagagagtttcaaaagcgtggggcgatacattatcacttattatgtgattgggacaagctactgccctctgaagatgaaataaggcattatgagaggtatttaggaaaggaaatatggaaacatggttttgttgatattaagcctatagaccatgttgacaacgttggagcgtacattatcaagtacatgaccaaaggtgtagcgattgaatttttcaaa
>gene_33828|Plasmid replication protein
atggccagaagcgaagcacagaaagcagccgagcgccgctacgaggaaaaaaacaaggcaaagcggtcggcgcgaaaggacttttggctcttcgagttctatccagattccgcgcccgagaactggcgagaaatcatcaacagttggctggtcgattgcttggtcagtccgctccatgattcggatgtgaacgaggacggcacgccgaagaagccgcactggcacggcatcctgttcttcgatggccaaaagtcattcgagcaggtcaaggagcttatcgctccgctaaacggtccaattccgattgtgccagtgggcacgaagcgcaacgccgcccgctacctctgccacctcaacaaccccgagaagcatcggtacaacgaatctgacgtgctcgagttccagaacgccgattacgcagacctcaagacacgcgacaacgataaatacgggtacatcggagagatgatggacttcgtggacgagcaggggcagtactcctacgcgttcctgctgcgctatgcccgcgcgaaccgcccagagtggttcaggtgcctttgtgacaacggaacctatgtcatgaaggagtactgcaagacagccgcgttcgatgcgcggcaggcggcgcggtag
>gene_7391|Rep protein
atgcagaaaaagaggggggtgaaaaaagccgcaatgtattgcaaaatcatagtttccgggcatatcacggaagtcacaaaatacgaaaagctgaacgtgacaggcgggggagctcacgagaggacaggcgagaactcacagcgcaactattcacggacgcagaaacgccgccgcgactcaattcgacaactcatctgcacgaacttcgataaagcaaatagcaagtttgtaacgctcacgttcgggaacaagatggggttcgacatcaaggatgtgaaagcctgtaacgcctacttccgaaagttcgtcctccgggtcaagtacaggtttccggatttcaagtacctggctgtgatcgagttccaggacaaaaacgaccggggcgcggttcactatcacatggtgtgcaatcttccgttcgtgaagaaagcagagcttgcgcagctctggggtgcagggttcgtgaagatcaatcgaatcgacaaggtcgacaacgtgggcgcgtatgtagtcaagtacatgaacaaggacatagacgacaagaggctatgcggactgaaagcgtacaactgcagcaagggacttgacaagcccgtcgtggtctgctcatggcggcaggaagatacggaa
>gene_30758|Plasmid replication protein
atgacaaaagaaaaaagccctcatgtgttggcgcacatgaaaggctcttctactccggtttccgggtgcttctgcaacacctatgataccgaagctgaggtcatttgtcaagatgatgtgctcgaaatgcatcaaacacgctgtgagattgatagcaaatttgcacccaagaggaaaaagtccgtcctgctttccgaaagctatacccgcatcggatatgacagtaaagcttcccgtgtagcttcctgcggtacggaattatcctttgcttacgcaatcagcccggacggagtagtcagcgaagatggcaagcttcattcggctaacttctgcaaggatagactttgcccgatgtgtgcatggcgaagaagttacaaaatcttcggtcaggtgtccagcatcatggagcatatcggtgacaaatacgaatacctcttcttgacattaactgtgccctctgtgcccgctgaggagctcacagagaccatttcccgcctagtaaaggcatggagtaacttaatccggcaaaagccgttcaagaccgctgtgcggggtttcttccgggctttggaagtcacccggaacaatgacccggacagcaaaagctacaagctttatcacccgcatttc
>gene_22149|Replication protein
atgtcgagtcaaaaatcaaataatggggtaaataaacgtgttagaacacgaaactttgcaacactcgtctatccggagtctgctccggcaaattggcaagatattctccgagatgaacatataccggcttttataagtcctttgcatgataaggatttgacagatagtggagatatgaaaaaagcccattatcatgtcatggtaatgttcgataacgtcaaaacacaagaacaagccaaagagatatttaacgagataggtggtgtcggttgtgagatagtaaaatctccacgtgctatggctcggtatctgaaacatttagatgacccagacaaggcacaatactccgatgacgttatagcacttggtggggcagattactatgccgtcatcggagatgaaatagaccgatttgaagccataacggaaatggaagatttctgcgacaagtacaatgtaaacagttattatctactctcaaagtacgcaagaaatcatcgtcccgattgggcaaaggtattgctcatgtgtgggtcgatacatatggacaaataccttaagtcaagaaaatggagtgtagacaataacgaactgaacatagtcgatcctgaaacaggagaaaagattttatga
>gene_7885|Replication protein repB
atggcaacacctaagcacagatacgtggcgtttgaggtatacccagactctgcacccgccgattggtgggaagtcctgcgcaacacgcacgggatgtattgcaggagcttacaccacggcgggtttgacgagggcaaagaccactatcacgtgctgtactgccacggtgcaccgacaacagacgcgcacctcaaggcgtgcatacccgatggtatagcggctaacggtcatgtcgagatagtcacggcaccgcgcggttacatgcgttacctcatccatctggatgacacagacaaggagcaattcgaggacggcgaaggccatatcgagtgcttgaacgggttccctctggacttgtccaaggagttcacggcagacgagaagaagcgcatggtgcgcgaaatcttccagtacatacgcggttgcgacattctggagtactgcgacctgatagacggcctgaacgacgattgcatgtacgaccatgcggatatagcggcaaatcgtacgatttcgttcaaaggctacatcgacagtaggcgaaacaagcgccgcaacgggttcgacactcccgaaccacctgcgggaagtgacgatataccgacgaatccccatgacgatgccgcatcgtag
>gene_6751|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgttttgttacacgcaccaaaaattaatttttaaggagcgtgtttttcttatgccaaaaaacgtaaaaaaacgtaactgggctatggttttatatccagagtccgcgccttctgattggcgagagcgtttgcaagcaactggactccagtgcgctattagccctttacatgatagggatttaaacccgactggagagcccaaaaaagcccattatcacattataatgtgttattcgggtccgacgtcttacaatgtcgtaaaaaatttgtgtgatgaactcaatcaaccaattccgcaagcattggaacaagttcgtggttattatcgttacttaacgcacaaggacaatcccgaaaaggctcaatacagcgaggacgatataactactataaacggctttaatatttttgatttctgcgagttatctcgtgccgaagtgacagagattaagcagagattgcaaacgcttatacgcaatcttgatttgcttgagtattctgatttcatggactatctgcaagacaatgaactcaagactgagtatgaagtcgcaagcaataacacttatttttttgaaaagtacatatcttctcgccgtaacaaattaaaagaagtggctcggcgtgagtaa
>gene_7362|Replication protein repB
gagctacctcccaacaagggaggattttttatgcagaaaaccggaaaggcagggaggacacgcctctttgcgaccgtggtctatccggagtccgcgccagcggactggatggaccgactggagcagacacatatcgccgcgatggtgtcgccgctccacgatcaagacactttgccgaccggcgaagtgaagaaggcgcactatcacgtgctatggcgatatgagggcgtcaagaccccagcgcaagcgcaggaggttgtcgacctcattggaggggctggagcagtcgagatcgtatcagattaccgcggttacgcgcggtatctctgccacctcgacagccccgacaaagcgcagtatgatcccgaagcagttcactgcttcggaggtgctgactggtcagccgtcgcactgagcgacgcggagaggacagacgcgatcctcgacgagatcgaggattggatcgacgacaccggctgcgtcagctatatcggcctttgccgatattgccgccgtgagcgtccagactggacgcgaacggtgagaacgcacacggtgcacctatcggcgcttatccgctccgcatactgggagctcacccagggcggcgacggcgatagggggtgcttctga
>gene_1700|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gtgacaagtgacaaaaaaggagataaatttatgaaaaaaaacataaaaaaaagaaactgggcatttgtattgtacccagaaagtgctcctgaaaattggagagatttattgcaagaaactggtcttttggttgctataagtcctttacactataaagatttagacccaacaggagaaccaaagaaagcacattatcatattattttaacatttgatggtcgtacaacctacaataatgttaaaactataactgatagacttagtcaaccaataccacaaccattagagcaaattaggggttattataggtatttcacacatatggacaaccctgagaagtatcagtatagtgataacgaaataacaactttaaatggatttgatataaataactatattgaattgacatatacagaagtatctaagtatctattagaactgcaaatgttcattagaaataacgatatagttgaatatagtgaattattagacatattagttgataatgaattaaaagaaatgtgggatgtagctagaaatcatacatttttattagataaatatatatgttcaagaagaaacaaaataaaggaagatgccaaatctaaacaacttccgataattggtgattag
>gene_55230|Plasmid recombination-like protein,Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagcaagcttgctgtccatattggccactacaaaagaaacgccgtagggagcctgggccgtcacaactgggagaagcgtggcgagaccgatgagcatagcaacgaggacatcgatccggctcgcagcggcgaaaacatcgccctggtcttgccggagggaagcctgtaccaggacgtcaagggattggtggagcagtctactggtcgtgtgactgcggcctcgatctgggtgagtgagtggatcgtctatcctccggaggagctgcaggatccaaagactgcagacaaggccgaggttaagagatattttggagatgtcctggactggatgaagcaggaggggtacaacgtccgaatggccgttgtacacatggatgagaccacaacgcacctgcaggccgataccgttcctctgaccgaggaaggaaagctttctcggaaggagatctacaccagggagaacctccgaaacattcatacagacctggctgactacctggcagccaagggctggaatatccaaagaggcgattcgaccaaggataagcaggttagatctaagtctttgcccgagttcaaaaaagaggcagaagctcagaagcaggtcttactcaaagagcttgacaaagtagagggagatctctcttatgcctatgaggatctcgaatatgccagagaacagcgtacaaaggccgaggatcgcgcagacgagcttttggcgtctataaccccccgggaggaattgaaagccatagagcccaaatctggggcctttgggagggtgtctgtaaccgagaaggagtggaaagaggtttacgactccgcattgggtgcccagcttgctgcacttgaaacggccaaagtaaatgccttgaataatcagctgatcgaggatttaagacgagagaagaagaaagccgagcaagaggaggcaaaagccgctgaacttaagagacgtgctgattttcaggctgcgtctctggagcggatgagagaggagcttaagaagaatctgactgactaccaggagctgaaagacgcaaagaaggaagcctgggagaagcgttctgaagcagaaagaaatgtagccttttgggaaggcgtcttggaagatgcgggcccagttggcagcatcattgccggaattgccctgtttggagccaaaaacgaagctgcagcagcaaaggaaaggcacgaaaatctatgtgctgcgtgccgtgctgccaagaagggcctgcagatcgaccagaagaaaatcgagaagctggacaaagaagtagatcagcttctcaaggacggcgtggaggctgcatgcaagaagctggggtctcaggaaaagtctgtttccaaaaatacccgggaagtacccaggtaa
>gene_20831|Plasmid replication protein
atgagcaaccccaaaacgtcaagccgtggcaagggcagaacacgtaattttgccacggtcgtgtacccggaaagcgccccggagaactggcgcgatatcatttcggacatgcatgtagcggcattgattagtccgttgcatgacaaagatgtcaaccctgacggcacacagaaaaagccgcactatcacgtcatgttcatttttgaaagcgtcaaagagtacgagacgcaggtcaagccgatgtttgagaaaatcggcggcgttggacgcgaggaaattaacagtgcgcgtggttatgcccgatatctgtgccatatggacaacccggaaaaataccagtacgacccggcagaggtgacgtcgatgggcggcgctgacttcaatgcgattacgcatctgccaacggacgacatcaagaccctgcagcaaatattccgatacatccggacaaatgagatatacagccttgcggagctgctcgacatcacggcggtcaataatcccgaatggttcgcgttgatcgcgatgaacaggacgtacaccatagacaaatatatcaagtcatgcacttgggaaaaggagtccggatacgtccggacgtccgatagaaaggagctaagcagaccatga
>gene_54014|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_45240|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_34529|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_37845|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_43109|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_33459|Putative replication protein
atgacgaacgagaagggcggttttttaatggcagttagtaaatcgagggcattcaccggcctggtatatccggattctgctccggatggatggatggacatcctgcgcgattcgcttgggatgttcctgatttctccgcttcacgaacctgacccggtcgaggatttcgagacgggcgcaatcaaaacgaggaagccgcactaccacgtgatgtacttccacggggcaccgattacgccgaaggccggtcgctcgattttcgagagctggccatggattgtcacgccaaaaaaggccgagtactttcaggtcgggagcgttcgcaacctaagtcgctatttcgtccatctcgaccagcccgagaagcaacactgggcggagaagccggaggaggttctgaccgtcctgaacgggttcccgcttgacctcgagcgagagctgacgcgtaaggacaagcgcgagttgaagaagcagaccttcgcatttatccaagacaggagcgtcaccgagttcagcgagctggtcgacgtgctcatgagcacgggtgattgggtgctcttcgacttcgtgacggacaactacggggttgtccagaactacctgatgagcatcaggaagcgagcgcagtag
>gene_28995|RepB protein
atgatcggccaggaatacaccttcaccattgaagagatctgtaatgcctgtggcctcgatcgtgatgccggtggtatgtattacaaaaccataaaagaagatctgctgaaactgacggatcgaaaatggggagttctcccgaccggcgaacatataaccatcagttggataggagacgtaaaaataaccccgtatagcggaaccgtttccataaagttcaaccccaacatggccccgtatctctacgatctccacgaacattacacccaatacaaattggagaatgcactggtttttaagagccgtcattctctacacctctatgagattctccgttcatacaccacgcaaagagccctggatgaaggatgggaaagaagcgtgatgtttagcgtagaagaattgagagaactcctggactgttcgggctatgcgagatggtcggagttcgatcgatgcgttttgaaaaaggcagtaaaagagatcaatgcatgttgtgatgatatccatatcgaggttgagacctataagaaagggcggaggatttcgagcgtggagttcatcatcacatcaccaaaggcaatggatataattttagcacggaggaataaacgggaacgtctgaaataa
>gene_13362|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggccaaaaacgtcaagaagcgcaactgggcgtttgtcttgtacccggagtctgctccgtcagactggaaagacaagctccagcagactggattgcagtgcgcgattagcccactgcataaccgtgacgtcaacccagacggcacaccaaagaaggagcactatcacgtgatactcacgtatagtggtccgacctcgttcaacgttgtgaaagctctcacggaagagctgaagcaaccaatccctcaagccttggagcaggtacgcggttactaccgctaccttacgcacaaggacaaccccgagaaagctcagtacgaagagagcgagattaagacgatcaacggcttcaatatcgcggacttcaccgagctgacgaggtcagaggtaacgcagatcaagaagcgtctgcagagcctcatccgcgagaagggcatctgcgagtatgcgcagctgatggacttcttgcaggacgaagagatgaacgtcgagtacgagattgcgagcaataacacgtacttcttcgacaagtacatctcgagcaggaggcacacaccaccagcgaaggtggcaaagccggaggaagctcctcccggcgttgaccccgagactggtgaggtgctcgagtag
>gene_17490|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggccaaaaacgtcaagaagcgcaactgggcgtttgtcttgtacccggagtctgctccgtcagactggaaagacaagctccagcagactggattgcagtgcgcgattagcccactgcataaccgtgacgtcaacccagacggcacaccaaagaaggagcactatcacgtgatactcacgtatagtggtccgacctcgttcaacgttgtgaaagctctcacggaagagctgaagcaaccaatccctcaagccttggagcaggtacgcggttactaccgctaccttacgcacaaggacaaccccgagaaagctcagtacgaagagagcgagattaagacgatcaacggcttcaatatcgcggacttcaccgagctgacgaggtcagaggtaacgcagatcaagaagcgtctgcagagcctcatccgcgagaagggcatctgcgagtatgcgcagctgatggacttcttgcaggacgaagagatgaacgtcgagtacgagattgcgagcaataacacgtacttcttcgacaagtacatctcgagcaggaggcacacaccaccagcgaaggtggcaaagccggaggaagctcctcccggcgttgaccccgagactggtgaggtgctcgagtag
>gene_51777|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggccaaaaacgtcaagaagcgcaactgggcgtttgtcttgtacccggagtctgctccgtcagactggaaagacaaactccagcagactggattgcagtgcgcgattagcccactgcataaccgtgacgtcaacccagacggcacaccaaagaaggagcactatcacgtgatactcacgtatagtggtccgacctcgttcaacgttgtgaaagctctcacggaagagctgaagcaaccaatccctcaagccttggagcaggtacgcggttactaccgctaccttacgcacaaggacaaccccgagaaagctcagtacgaagagagcgagattaagacg
>gene_28004|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgcctttgaatgttgactacatacgagaacatcctgaggtaaatggtggcgatgactatattaccaaaatcattagcaggcagattgtgaaccctgacggtgaagtccttggcgatgatactgaaaaacagtataaaatcggaaaagaacccccattcatcaagatctacactgattgcatgcttgttcttaataatgcggacgttgcattatctgcacccctgattgcatttggaaaccacatgacatatgctaatgacaagtctttagcctttcgacacgtggtacgaacggatcgattggttcgagctgatgttgctcaaagatgtggtgtttctgatgaaatggtaaaaaaatgggttaaaaaatttgtagaagcagaaattttcattcccatcgttgacaaggatggtcgcaaatctagaggtgtttactacgttaatccatgggtaatcggcaaaggagaatggaaagatattaaaaatctgcgtggtgaatttgtattatcaaatgatagtgcgaaaattggaacttgcattattgatgaaaaaaatcaaactcgtcagatttttttacaggacacaaaaaacgctactacccctgcaattccagaaaaaacaaatgaatga
>gene_29501|Putative replication initiator protein
gtggcaaaacaatctagaagctttttaggttctatttatccggatgctgtaaattatgattgtgatgtggttttaggtcagttagaaaccatattcgataaatgggcatatatactgcatgatcaggataaagatgaacatggcgaattaaagaaacctcactttcagtgggttgggcaattcaataccccacgaactatttcgaatgtagcaaataaattaggaattccagagaatgatgtaaatttctgttacaaattcaaatcacaagttcgttaccttgttcattttgataataaaggtaaattccaatattctcgcgatcttgtgtttagtaattttgatttggctgaatactttaatgactctggaactaaggaagctgaagaagtgaatgagattataaattatatctttgagcatgatgttagaaacattgctacgcttgtacaatggtgcgctaaaaacggatattggagtacttatcgtagagcacaatccacttttatcgctattattaaagagcgtaacgctgtgttttatatgcctgtaattcagcctacgcctgtcgttgagccggatcaggagaaaggagaaaaacaagtcacatggaaggaagtaacatcgtaa
>gene_57155|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagagaaatatccattacagcaaccgtaggtcacggcaacgaaatccataaccacgaccttgaatacaggaacaccctcgagcacgttcacaagtgcgatgacggaataactgagttcattccgtacgttgattaccagacaaaaatcaacgcccttatgaagccctacatcgacgaatacaacgcgaaagtcgaggagaggtatcagaaggcttgggaacgctacaacgccggagagacccgttctaagcccaagaagaaggactatcagaagatgggctacgattactatagcgaccatctgaacgacgtttactacgaccagcacgcggggctgacaaagcccctgccgttgttccgcgagttgatcatcggtctcggtgacgagaacgacaaaaagaatgaggtcatctcgagagccgaagccgagcggatcttccgcaaatttatacaacgttggccggaacgtttccccaacctaatactcctgggagccacgatgcacaccgacgaacgtggtttctaccacatgcacgtcgattacaagcccctggtcgcttgcgagcaaaagagaggccttaacgtaagcgtgagccacgaacaagcctttgaggctatgggattggctcgagagcaggctttaatcaatggccgtgataaagctcccctccgcttcaacggcttcagaaatgcctgctatcagatcctccgagaagaaatgcgccaggagggcatctaccagctcgaaggcgcgaccgcaaagaagcaccccggcaaagatgccaccaagcaccaggatctcgagagcttccagtctcgtcaagacgtttggcgcgagactcaaaataaatccctcaagctgcagcaccaaatgaatattatctacgacgttatcgatcacggcgagccctccaaggagaacgtcgagaagattatgagctctgccgacgattttaatgccgttatggccgagattcagaactctccccggactgtatcacgtgatggccgtaaggtttcgttccatctgctcgaccagctgcgaacgttcggcaacaacatcgcccaatttctcggcgagattgccgtagcggttaaggatctcgttaagcagctcggcactctgaaggccgagaagtccgcccttgagaccgagaatcggcagcttgccgaagaaaacgatgccatcatcggacagtacaacgagctggttgatgattacaacgatttgcttcaggtcaaccgagagctgaaggaggagatcgaggaaatgaactcctttgacggcagacttgcccggtacaaacaggccaccgaggaacctatccgcaacaatccccctgcaggctcatcgtctgacgacagcttc
>gene_21145|replication protein RepB
atggccaagataatcaaggacgaggcaaacaacaacacaatcacgaccaaggcgaggtattggacagcagtatgttatccggataacatgaggccggactggaaagatgttatcggcgaactgctccagatcccgtacgtgtattgcgtccatgacaaggacgtggatggtgatcaggaagaccggaagacccatgtgcatatcgtgggggcatggccaaacacgacaacgtataaagtcgccctggggttattccagcttttatcgctcccaggacagaagtgttgcaatacctgccaaaaagtgcagaacgttcgttacgtgtacaactacctgatccacgatacggaagatgcccggaagaagcacaagcatcaatacaagcccaacgagcgtattaccgggaataacttcgacataggctcgtacgagcaagtgtccctcgacgaaaaagaaaagatggcggaagagctggaggacatgatcatagagcagaatatccaagactacaggtccttgttcttgtacgtcagagaaaattacgacagggagtacaaaaagattctgcggtcgtacagctcgcacttcgaacggatgtgccggggcaattatcttggcaaccggcattga
>gene_27582|Mobilization protein
atggcaagcgtagaaaaattcacagctcacgctgttgttaatcagctccgacatatagagcgaacaatagccaacccctcaaatgaggatatagacccaacaagagaaaatcaaaactactcacttgccccagataggggcatgagttcctatgactatttcaaacaaagaaaatcagaattgtattgttataatcgtgatgatgtaaaagtaatggctggctggattgtaacagctccaagagatttaccagcagaccagcacagagcattttttgaaagcacccataactttttgattgaaagatacggagaagctaactgtattcaaagtatcgtccataacgatgaaagcggtcaaccgcatttgcatttctgttttataccgacctcaaccgacacgaagcacccacaaggcgaaaaaatatgtgccaatgatgtaataaaccctaaggagcttcgcaacttccacccagacttgcagaaacacctcaaagctgacggtatcaatgccaacattcaaagcggtatcactaaagctcaaggcggtaatagaagcgtctgggacatgaagcaggaacgcagacaacagtttgaacatgatagaacgatagaaaggggacgctggtaa
>gene_39226|replication protein
atgaaaaattctacttcaaacgtaccgcagagtcaatgtaaatctgcatcaaagactcgagtctatgctaccgtagtctatccggagagcgctccgaaaaattggttgtctatcattcgggacacccacgttgccgcttttgtgtcgccgctgcacgatcgagatctggatccggatggaaatctgaaaaagccgcatcatcatgtgctgcttaattttgacggtcctaaaactgtagatcaggctttggccgtgttcgctcttttcggtggtgtcggccgtgagatcgtcaactcctatcggggatattctcgctacctatgtcatcttgataatcccgaaaaagctcaatatgatccagaaactgtgctttctctctcgggagctgactatcattcggctattggtttgccatcagacaaatacgcagcagtcgcagaaatgacggagtttgtcaaggcaaatgacattcgctctttccgtcgactcctcgatctatccaaagagtttcacccagactggtttagatctctgtgcgataacgcaggctatattatgcgtgagtatattcggagttatgcgtgggaaatgaagaacggccttgaagaaggcgactcttattcctcgtga
>gene_16939|Mobilization protein
gtggagcagatgagtaagttagcactgcatattcagcacttcaaaaagggcgcggtaagaggaatagcagcacacaatgtctacaaaagaggagcaaaggacgaacatagcaaccaggacatagatccgtccagaagctccgaaaacctgcgtttaattgaacccgaacagagcttttacaaatcagtgaaagagcgtgttgagggtgctacagggcgtgtgacagccaattccgtgtgggtttccgagtggattgtatatcctccggaacatctgcagaaccctgcgacagctgacaaagaccaggttgcgaagttctaccaggacgttcatcagtggatgattgaccacgggtacatcatagagatgtcaaccgtgcattttgatgaaacaaccgtgcatgcacacattgatacagtgccgatgactgctgacggtcgtttgagccgtaaagacctttacaccagggcttcaatgaataacatacatacagagcttgcagctcacctgcaggagcgtggatgggatatccagaggggcgaaagtacagagggaaaacaggtgaaatccaagtctgtggttgaatataagaagcaggcagaacgagaaaagaaagagcttctgaaggaaatcgaaggtctgaaagaaacagttcagaagcagcagcagctgattgattctgcagctgaaactgttgccaggataaccgaaatcaacgatattgagataaagaaaattcctttttctgaagatggcagaggaaatttgaaagagctcgagaaaatgaaagcggttgcagcaaaggattgggctctggagcatcaactgtataatgcagaaaaaacaaatagaaaacaggctgaagagctcgaaaggcttgataagcgttgcgatgaattgatacttgagaaaagagatttgcaggccgaaaacaagctgcttcgagctgctgccgaagctgaagaggaaaaacaaaaggctgcgaaagaagcttttgaaaagctgaaatataactttgaacgtgctgcagactttgtaaaaactgttgctgaggtgctgatggagcatccagagccacaggaaaaggtcagaaagaagacaaagccacctgtaaaggaaatggttttgcatacagatattgagctgcagaggaagcttgatatggcctgcggaactcactttgcgagagagattgaaataaggcagcgtttaaattactttgaaaaaatggcagaaaaatatggtgggttgtacgcaagccaggcaaaagaacaagcattgctgattaaagaattcaaggaactgacaggcgaaattcgccagccttctccggtgaagaaagaacaaagaagaaaggatggaccggtgttatga
>gene_28261|Mobilization protein
gtggagcagatgagtaagttagcactgcatattcagcacttcaaaaagggcgcggtaagaggaatagcagcacacaatgtctacaaaagaggagcaaaggacgaacatagcaaccaggacatagatccgtccagaagctccgaaaacctgcgtttaattgaacccgaacagagcttttacaaatcagtgaaagagcgtgttgagggtgctacagggcgtgtgacagccaattccgtgtgggtttccgagtggattgtatatcctccggaacatctgcagaaccctgcgacagctgacaaagaccaggttgcgaagttctaccaggacgttcatcagtggatgattgaccacgggtacatcatagagatgtcaaccgtgcattttgatgaaacaaccgtgcatgcacacattgatacagtgccgatgactgctgacggtcgtttgagccgtaaagacctttacaccagggcttcaatgaataacatacatacagagcttgcagctcacctgcaggagcgtggatgggatatccagaggggcgaaagtacagagggaaaacaggtgaaatccaagtctgtggttgaatataagaagcaggcagaacgagaaaagaaagagcttctgaaggaaatcgaaggtctgaaagaaacagttcagaagcagcagcagctgattgattctgcagctgaaactgttgccaggataaccgaaatcaacgatattgagataaagaaaattcctttttctgaagatggcagaggaaatttgaaagagctcgagaaaatgaaagcggttgcagcaaaggattgggctctggagcatcaactgtataatgcagaaaaaacaaatagaaaacaggctgaagagctcgaaaggcttgataagcgttgcgatgaattgatacttgagaaaagagatttgcaggccgaaaacaagctgcttcgagctgctgccgaagctgaagaggaaaaacaaaaggctgcgaaagaagcttttgaaaagctgaaatataactttgaacgtgctgcagactttgtaaaaactgttgctgaggtgctgatggagcatccagagccacaggaaaaggtcagaaagaagacaaagccacctgtaaaggaaatggttttgcatacagatattgagctgcagaggaagcttgatatggcctgcggaactcactttgcgagagagattgaaataaggcagcgtttaaattactttgaaaaaatggcagaaaaatatggtgggttgtacgcaagccaggcaaaagaacaagcattgctgattaaagaattcaaggaactgacaggcgaaattcgccagccttctccggtgaagaaagaacaaagaagaaaggatggaccggtgttatga
>gene_6749|Rep50
atggcttacgccgacaaaaacaaacaaagagaagcacaaagaaagtacgattctaaacgaagtaaaagacatctgtcatgggctgctattctttatccagaatcatgcgtatcgaattggagagatattcttgatgacttgcatatagaatgggctgaaagcccattacatgataaagatgtcaatcctacgggtgaattaaaaaaaccgcatattcatttggcatttacatttccggcggttcaaacctatgaggaagtagctaaaatcaccgaaagtatcggagcgacaataccgcaacctctcaaaaatctaagaggtatgattagatatttcatacacttggataatcctgaaaaatatcaatacaatcgaactgacattaaagtacatggtggaatggatatatccaactgtttcttgaatagttccgacagaaccataatgataagggaaatgatagcttttgtcagagaaaacaatatcatgtatttttcggacctctttgattatgccgaccaaaataacccagattggtttgatagcttatgcaataacagttcatattgtcttaaagaatatattaaatcccgggcgttcatgataagagaacaaatgacaagaaaataa
>gene_30350|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgggtaaagaaaccaaaaaagaccttgtaaaaaagagacattgggcgttcgttttgtatcccgagagcgctccggaggattggagagagaggctacagcagtcaggtgtgatgtgcgcggtcagtccgcttcacgacagagatattaaccctactggcgaggcgaagaaggagcattatcacgtaatcctcgtttatagcggacctaccacgtacaacgccgtagcgaagctgacggcaagcctcaactcgacaataccgcaggctttggaagcggtcaagggatattatcgttacctcacgcacaaggataaccccgaaaaagctcaatacaacgagagcgagatacgaacgataaacggcttcaatattgccgacctctgcgagctcacgcgaagcgaggtcaacgagataaaaatagccgttttgaagctcgtgcgagagctcgatataattgaatatgccgaccttgtcaatttccttgttgacaatgaaatgcacgtcgaatacgacgtcgcggtcaacaacacctttttctttaacagctatattgcaagtcgtcgacatagttactcacggctcgacgagatttgcgagaagaagcgcaccgagggcaatgttgcgttttag
>gene_13857|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagcaaaaatgtaaagaaaagaaactgggcttttgttctgtatccagagagtgctcctgcagattggaaagaccagttacagcagacagggctcccttgtgcaatcagccccttgcataatcgtgacaaagacgagggtggcaacagtgagcagctaaagaaagaacattaccacataattttatgttatccaggtccaactacatacaatgcggttaagactttaacggagagcttaaaccagccaattcctatagccttggatagcgtgagagggtattacaggtattttacacacaaggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgacgaaaaagacatacagactataaacggctttaacatactggactacatggagctttccagaagtgaagtaaaccagtataagcaagcaatacataagctgataattgaaaagggcatgattgaatatgccgatttaatggactacttactgcacaatgaaatgtatgcagagtatgatgtggcttcaagccatacaatgttttttgataaaatgattacaagcagacgacataagttgtcaagcagtgtaccttccaatattgagatagatccggagaccggtgaggttctggagcaataa
>gene_17301|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagcaaaaatgtaaagaaaagaaactgggcttttgttctgtatccagagagtgctcctgcagattggaaagaccagttacagcagacagggctcccttgtgcaatcagccccttgcataatcgtgacaaagacgagggtggcaacagtgagcagctaaagaaagaacattaccacataattttatgttatccaggtccaactacatacaatgcggttaagactttaacggagagcttaaaccagccaattcctatagccttggatagcgtgagagggtattacaggtattttacacacaaggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgacgaaaaagacatacagactataaacggctttaacatactggactacatggagctttccagaagtgaagtaaaccagtataagcaagcaatacataagctgataattgaaaagggcatgattgaatatgccgatttaatggactacttactgcacaatgaaatgtatgcagagtatgatgtggcttcaagccatacaatgttttttgataaaatgattacaagcagacgacataagttgtcaagcagtgtaccttccaatattgagatagatccggagaccggtgaggttctggagcaataa
>gene_36518|Replication protein RepB (Fragment)
atggcgacaaagtcgagagcgttcactggagttgtctaccccgactccgcaccggatggctggcaggagcagctgcgcgatagcctcggcatgtggctgatatcgccgctgcacacgccggacccggtcgaggacttcgaaacgggcgcgattaagacgctcaagccccactggcacgtcatgtactgccatgggaacactatccagccaaagccggcacgcgagattttcgaccgattcgactggatcgtcacgcctaagaaggccgagttctttatggtcgggtcgatgcgcaacctctcgcgctacttcgtccacctcgaccagcccgagaagcagcagtggccggataagccggaggagctgctcaccgtcctcaacggcttcccgctcgacctcgagcgtgagctgactcgcaaggacaaacgcgagatgaagaaggccgccttcgcgttcatcaaggacagaagcgtcaccgagttctgcgagctggtcgacggcctttcagcgctcggcgactggacgctcttcgacttcgtgaccgaccactatggcgtgttccagaactatctcatgagcgtgcgcaaatcggttgaggccttgaataagactagcgattgcaatcattga
>gene_4059|Conjugal transfer protein
atgaataagattcaattattgacgaaggacatcgagaagtccttcaaggggctgaacaggctgacgttggtgtgtgtctgcctttcattcattttttctctggtcgtggggctggcagccctgaactatgcggagagacagagggaaaagatttatgtgctggatcaggggaaatcgcttctgctggcattgcagaccgatgcggtgatgagcaaggaactggagataaaggatcacgtgagcaggtttcacgaactgatgtttacactctcgccacagaaaaagaccattcaggagaatcttgacagagccttcaacctggccgacaagtcggcttatgagtattcgcaggaccttgcagagaagggatattattcacggcttgtgtcggcaaatatatcgcagcagatgattgtggattcggtggtgtttcagggtaatgggtatccgtatcaggtgaagacttttgccaggcagtatgtgatccgtgaaagtacgatgagtgaatacgcctttgtgagttcgtgccaggtgctgaatgcgtcgaggtcggatgtgaatccgcacggactgatcattgagaagttcgttgtgcttgagaataatcttgtagaaaccagaaaaagatag
>gene_22446|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gccaacaaaacccgcgaccaagttaatgagctcgtcgctcccttgaacggtacaacggctattaaaattaatagccttgtgggaacgcttcggtatctgacgcacgccgacaatccagaaaaagcccagtatgacaaaaacaacgtggagactttcggcgggtttcaatacttttctatcatcgaaaacgccagtgataaaatcggtatgcttgcggaaatcatggattggattgacgaccacgcttgcacaaaatacgcggtgctgatgagatacgcacggaaagaacgccaagattggttcgagcttctttgtatggggcatactatcgttatcagcgagtatataaaatccgtgtggcaggaaatcgcagacgagaacaaacgctaa
>gene_4871|Replication protein repB
atggctacgaaacgatcggaggcacaaaagaaggctgacgaggcctacgagaaaaagcgggcaggtcagcgggcgaggaattgggcgttcctcatctacccagagagcgcgcccgaggattggcgggaaatcttggacgggttccacgttccggcggcggtttctccgttgcatgacgcagatgtaaacgccaacggggaacccaaaaagccgcactatcatatagtgttggctttcgacgccaacaaaacccgcgaccaagttaatgagctcgtcgctcccttgaacggtacaacggctattaaaattaatagccttgtgggaacgcttcggtatctgacgcacgccgacaatccagaaaaagcccagtatgacaaaaacaacgtggagactttcggcgggtttcaatacttttctatcatcgaaaacgccagtgataaaatcggtatgcttgcggaaatcatggattggattgacgaccacgcttgcacaaaatacgcggtgctgatgagatacgcacggaaagaacgccaagattggttcgagcttctttgtatggggcatactatcgttatcagcgagtatataaaatccgtgtggcaggaaatcgcagacgagaacaaacgctaa
>gene_22450|Putative replication protein
atggctacgaaacgatcggaggcacaaaagaaggctgacgaggcctacgagaaaaagcgggcaggtcagcgggcgaggaattgggcgttcctcatctacccagagagcgcgcccgaggattggcgggaaatcttggacgggttccacgttccggcggcggtttctccgttgcatgacgcagatgtaaacgccaacggggaacccaaaaagccgcactatcatatagtgttggctttc
>gene_17937|Replication protein
atggctaaaaaaaatgatattgcaaatggcgctcaagaggaaaagaaagacacacctaagagagtgtatgccagtgtggtgtatccggatagtgctccggataattggcaagaaatattatcggaagagcatgttgctgcgtttgtgtcaccattgcacgacaaagacgtgaatccaaataacgaaccgaaaaaagcgcattatcat
>gene_52937|Plasmid replication protein
cccgataaagcccaatatagcaaaaatgatgttattgctttgggtggtgccgattatttcgaggtcattggattggctagtgataagcatgtagcaattagagaaatgattgaatattgcgatgaacatcttatttattcttatgccgatttgttgaggtatagcatgaatgagcgtgccgattggtttcgtgttctgtgtgataatggtacttatgtcatgaaagagtatcttaaatcgaaatcttggggagaaaacaaaaacagttgtatctttatcgataaagaaacgggggaagtcattcatgattga
>gene_52934|Replication protein repB
atgtctactaaaaattcaacaggaaaaggtcgtacaaggaattttgttactgttgtttatccggaaagtgctccggttgattggaaagatatacttgtgcagcagtgcattccggcttttattagtccgcttcatgataaagatgtaaatccgactggagaggttaaaaaggcacattatcatgtaatgattatgtttgattctgttaagaccgatgaacaagccatagcggtatttgacactattggcggtgtcggttatgagcgtgttaatagtattcgttctcatgctagatatttatgtcatttggacaat
>gene_27723|replication protein, partial
atggctagtgaaaagtcaaaggataccaggacgcgtaactggactattgtcgtgtatcctggcgagaatgaacaagacggctctcctagcaactggagagaaattattgacgaacaacatatcgaatgggtagaaagcccacttcacgacgcagacgtgacggccacaggcgaaaagaaaaaaccacattaccatgttctgctcatgttcggtggtgtaaagacttatgaacaggtagtagaactttgtgaggaactcaattgtccggtaccgcagaagtgtcacaatgctaaagcattaatccggtatatggctcacttagacaatcctgacaaggtacagtataagctggaagacattaaagcacatggtggtgtagaccttgccgacttgcttagacctaactcctcggagagatattccctgattaaagaaatgagaaactttatcaaggaatataatatcattgaatttcaagacattatggactatgcagcagaaaatagatttgacgactggttccctctgctttgcgataacagtgcttttgtaatcgacaagtatatcaaatctcaaagacaccgtacttgtaacatgcctgaacctaaagaagaaacagaagaatag
>gene_57238|replication protein, partial
atggctagtgaaaagtcaaaggataccaggacgcgtaactggactattgtcgtgtatcctggcgagaatgaacaagacggctctcctagcaactggagagaaattattgacgaacaacatatcgaatgggtagaaagcccacttcacgacgcagacgtgacggccacaggcgaaaagaaaaaaccacattaccatgttctgctcatgttcggtggtgtaaagacttatgaacaggtagtagaactttgtgaggaactcaattgtccggtaccgcagaagtgtcacaatgctaaagcattaatccggtatatggctcacttagacaatcctgacaaggtacagtataagctggaagacattaaagcacatggtggtgtagaccttgccgacttgcttagacctaactcctcggagagatattccctgattaaagaaatgagaaactttatcaaggaatataatatcattgaatttcaagacattatggactatgcagcagaaaatagatttgacgactggttccctctgctttgcgataacagtgcttttgtaatcgacaagtatatcaaatctcaaagacaccgtacttgtaacatgcctgaacctaaagaagaaacagaagaatag
>gene_53545|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctgacaaaaaacaagatatcaaaaagcgaaattggacgttcgttttgtacccagatagcgccccttcagattggcttcaacagctgaaattatcgggtctgatgtgtgcaatatcacccttgcacgataaggacgtaaaccccacaggggagccgaaaaaagcacactaccatgtgcttttggtatattcgggtcccactacatacaactcggttgcaaagttcacagcttcgctaaatgcgacgataccgcaagcgctcgaaagtgtgcgcggtatgtaccgctatttttcgcacaaggataatcccgagaaatatcaatacgacgaagccgaaatcacgctcgtgaacggctttaatatagccgatttagtggagcttaccaaaagcgaggtaaacgagctaaaaatggccattttgaagctcatacgcgaagctgacatcaccgagtatgcggacttggttgactttctcaccgataacgaaatgctcacggaatacgacgtggcagtgaacaacactttctttttcaactcatacattgcaagccgtcgcaacagcaacacacgtttacgtgaccacgttgagcgcaagcgccaagaggcacaaaaagcccaaatttga
>gene_44508|Replication protein
atggccgggtatctgcctaagttcgagcagctgatgcgcgagcagcccagcctaaagcccgtactggtcactctgacggtcaagaacggcccggacctagtcgagcgggtagaacacctcatgaaggcgtacaggacgctctgtgagcgtcgtagggcggtccggaagggcaacaggggtgcaaccgagtggggaaaggtcgcaggggctgttggcgcgatcgagttaacgcgttccgccagtggctggcatcctcaccttcacgcgatcgtcatgctcgatagctggatc
>gene_35045|Rep protein
atggccgggtatctgcctaagttcgagcagctgatgcgcgagcagcccagcctaaagcccgtactggtcactctgacggtcaagaacggcccggacctagtcgagcgggtagaacacctcatgaaggcgtacaggacgctctgtgagcgtcgtagggcggtccggaagggcaacaggggtgcaaccgagtggggaaaggtcgcaggggctgttggcgcgatcgagttaacgcgttccgccagtggctggcatcctcaccttcacgcgatcgtcatgctcgatagctggatcgatcagaaagccctgtcggaagagtggcgctcgatcactggtgacagtttcatcgtcggtcttactgccttcgataagcgcaaacaccctgcggaagtcttcgcggaggtcttcaagtatgccgttaagttctccgatcttgtagttgctgacacgtgggaagcgtaccgcgcgctggcaggtgcgcggctcgtgcactcgcttggttgtttccggggcgttgtagttgatgacagcttgttagatcagccgctggatgatttgccgtacataaaatacctctatcgttttgtcacaggatcgggttacaacgtggtgtcgatcgagcgagcttga
>gene_28783|Rep protein
atggccgggtatctgcctaagttcgagcagctgatgcgcgagcagcccagcctaaagcccgtactggtcactctgacggtcaagaacggcccggacctagtcgagcgggtagaacacctcatgaaggcgtacaggacgctctgtgagcgtcgtagggcggtccggaagggcaacaggggtgcaaccgagtggggaaaggtcgcaggggctgttggcgcgatcgagttaacgcgttccgccagtggctggcatcctcaccttcacgcgatcgtcatgctcgatagctggatcgatcagaaagccctgtcggaagagtggcgctcgatcactggtgacagtttcatcgtcggtcttactgccttcgataagcgcaaacaccctgcggaagtcttcgcggaggtcttcaagtatgccgttaagttctccgatcttgtagttgctgacacgtgggaagcgtaccgcgcgctggcaggtgcgcggctcgtgcactcgcttggttgtttccggggcgttgtagttgatgacagcttgttagatcagccgctggatgatttgccgtacataaaatacctctatcgttttgtcacaggatcgggttacaacgtggtgtcgatcgagcgagcttga
>gene_39236|replication protein RepB
atgaataaaatccttgccaatagcgttgtcttttatcctgaaagtgcccctcccgactgggaacatcaattgctttctcttggtatcggctttcagtatattctacacgataaggacgtatattcagacggtgaacataaaggcgaacagaaaaaagaacacatacatttactgtttcaagatatcgtatcagcaaaacagaaaaagtatgtgtcaagcgtcctcaaagtaccagtacaggctataaagccggttaattttccggcttccgctgaaaagtatctcacccatgataccgacgaagcaaaaaaagataataaatacttatattccaaagatattatacgatattctccgaacttttgtcaagacgcttgggaacgtctgaaagaacaagaaaagccgcctgttaaacgcgtgaacgctcttgacgtttacagcattatacttgaacataacaacgttatacacacgtttacagaccttatcatgtacatacattccaactacgataccgacgaagctaaccgcctttgcaattacgcttccgcgcgtgttgtcgctgttgacaagtttctattcggtatcaatcagaaaaaaataaaatcacaggaggaagaacaatga
>gene_57165|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagtgtagaaaagtttgctgcatcagcagccgtgaatcagataaggcatatcgaacggacgatacagaacccaagtgaaccggaacacattgaccggagtaaacgttcgcagaattattatctttctcctgacaaagggatgacatcttacgactactacaagcaccggatgtcggagttacattgtatgaagcgtggagatgtcaaaccgctcgccgggtgggtaattaccgctccggaaaatctgtctccggaaaattacgagagtttttttagcagcagctacgattatttgtgtgaattattcggtgaggaaaattgtatttcttgcgtctgccatatggacgaggcaacgccgcatctgcattttttgtttatcccggtagtccataccgacaaattcccacaagggaaaatttccgcaaaagaatgcattacaaaaagtgttctccggaactttcaccccgggctgcaaaagcaccttgaccgaaacggaattaaagcacaagtttacaccggagtcacagcgcgccagggcggcaataagacagtccgacaactaaagcaagaacggcagcacacatttgaacatccgcaacagtatgacagggggttattctaa
>gene_51221|Plasmid replication protein
atgtcagacaaaaaatctaccagtaaaggcgtaaaaaaacgtcactgggcttttgtcctgtaccccgagtcagctccagaggattggcgagaaaagctacagcagacaggtctgcagtgctgtataagccctctgcatgataaggacacagagcctacaggagagcctaagaaggctcattatcacataatcgggtgttatccaggtccaactacatataacgctgtaaagacgctcacagacagtctaagacagcctattccacagccgttggacagtgttaggggctattatcggtatttaactcatcaggataatcccgataagttccagtatgatgagtctgaaatccagactatcaatggctttaacattcttgacttcgtggagcttacacgctccgaagtcgctcacattaaaagacgcttacagacagtgatcagagacaggggctttacggagtacagccagttaatggactactgtatggacgaaggaacgttcgaggaatatgacgttgcaagctgcaataccttgttttttgacaggtatgtgtcttctcgccgtcacaagaaggctccgagaatgagcgttgacccagagacgggagaagtgctcgaagattag
>gene_52709|Plasmid replication protein
atgtcagacaaaaaatctaccagtaaaggcgtaaaaaaacgccactgggcttttgtcctgtatccagagtcagccccagaggactggcgtgaaagactacagcagacgggtctgcagtgttgcataagcccgttgcacgataaggacacagagccaacaggagagcctaagaaggcacattatcacataatcggttgttatcctggaccaactacatataacgccgtaaaaacgctcacagacagtctgagacagcctatacctcagccgttagacagtgtgaggggctattatcggtatttaacccatcaggacaaccctgacaagttccagtatgatgaggctgaaattcagactatcaacggctttaacattcttgactttgtggagcttacacgctccgaagtcgctcacattaagcgtcgtttacagacagtgatcagagacaggggctttacagagtatagccagttgatggactactgtatggacgaaggcactttcgaagaatatgatgttgcaagctgtaacaccttgttctttgaccgatatgtttcctctcgccgtcataagaaggctccgaggatgagcattgacccagacacgggtgaggtgctcgaagattag
>gene_15374|Plasmid replication protein
cagaaaggcggttttttcatggcagaagcaaaggacaaagcgaagttcttcgccttccttgtctacgaggagagtgcgccggcagactggcgcaaggtgctgaaggacactcacggcgattacctcatctcgccgctgcactcgcccgacgatgaggtggcgaagccgcattggcacgtggtttaccgacatggcaacccggtctcgcttgattgcgcgaagcgccttattcccgagggaatcccagcgaatgggcacctcgagatgttgcaccgcccgcgcaactaccaacgctacttactccatctcgatgaccccgacaaggaacagttcgaggatggtgcgctcgcgctcgaggtcatcaacaacttccccgtagacctctcccgcgacctgtccgcggcggagcttcgccagcttcgccgtcgatgccacgccatcatccgcgctaacgacatcaacgagtacttcgagttgatcgacttgctcgagggtgaaggtgacttcgaggcagaggactacgcctcgacgcacaccatccacatcaacgcttacatctcgagccgccgccattcggcgatgggtagccgtgtcaatgaaggggtcggcgacaacggtgcgctctag
>gene_1447|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctaaggttgtcaaaaaacgcaactgggcttttatattgtaccccgagtcagctcctgaaaactggaaagaggagctgcagaaaacgggtttaccatgtgctatatctccccttcatgataaagatcttgatgagggcggcaatggtgaaacattaaaaaagccacactatcatttaattctatgttatccaggaccgacaacatacaatgttgttcgagcattgactgagcgattatgccagccaattcctaaagctctcgaaagtgttaagggctattatagatactttactcatatggataatgcagataagtatcaatacaacgctgatgagatcgaggttttaaatggtttcaatatcctcgattttacagagttcactcgttctgaagttacgaagtttaagcagcaaatacataggttaattttggatcttaattttactgagtattcagatctcatggagtatcttttgtcaaatgagctttttgctgaatatgacattgcttcaagtcatacgatttttttcgataagatcatatcttcaagacgtcataaggttgaaaagagtggtcggagttctgatgttcgtgtagatccggagactggtgaagtgctctaa
>gene_38574|Replication protein
atgtccgataaagttagtacacctaaaaatgataatcgacgtcgtaattttgcttgcgttgtttatcctgattccgctccagctgattggctcaatgttattggtgagtcaaaatctcctattttagttagtcccttgcatgataaggatataaatcctggtggcgaacctaaaaagcctcattatcatgttttagttatctatgagggtaaaaaatctcttgaacaggtttctgcttttttccgttcttttggtggtgttggttgtgaaccggttcaatctgttcgtggttattctcgttatctttgtcatttagataatccggaaaaggctcaatattctgttgatgatattaagtcttttggtggtgctgatttttattctttgacttctatccctacggataaatataaggcagttgacgagatgattgagtttattgaggataatgatattttttctttccgtaaactcttgaattatgctagaaccgagagatgtgattggtttagggttctttgtgattcttcttctatggtcattatgaaatatctaaagagtcgttcttgggattttcagcaagatgttattaattccagaggtcataaggagaattctaatgagtaa
>gene_53695|RepA domain protein (Fragment)
gtgggaaataagagtttccaaaaacaattaaaaatggaaaataaaaaagtaccagtaaagttgacagacttccaaaaacacgaagaaagtccatttcatgaacaagccatagaggttgtagaaaaacatcttgtgaaaaaattcaagaacagcacacacgcatctgcagaacaaagagcagttgcagcagtagcagacattgaaactggagaagtctttaaaacttcttttattcgcaggatagaggtagatgaagaccaattcgctaagatatacttggctgaattttctgctgctttttttgaattaagtcaatctgcaatacgggttttcgggtatataatgacatgcatgaagcctaaaagagatatgattgttttcgatagaaaaaagtgcatggaatataccaaatacaaatccgaaaaagccatttacaaaggattggcagaactcgtagcagcagaagtaatagccagaggaccagcagacaatctttggtttataaatccactcatagtatttaacggcgatagagcaagttatactcgtgaaattatcaagaaaaaaagaacgcagccaaagaaagaagaagataagaaccaactttccattggttttgaggaataa
>gene_30937|RepA domain protein (Fragment)
gtgggaaataagagtttccaaaaacaattaaaaatggaaaataaaaaagtaccagtaaagttgacagacttccaaaaacacgaagaaagtccatttcatgaacaagccatagaggttgtagaaaaacatcttgtgaaaaaattcaagaacagcacacacgcatctgcagaacaaagagcagttgcagcagtagcagacattgaaactggagaagtctttaaaacttcttttattcgcaggatagaggtagatgaagaccaattcgctaagatatacttggctgaattttctgctgctttttttgaattaagtcaatctgcaatacgggttttcgggtatataatgacatgcatgaagcctaaaagagatatgattgttttcgatagaaaaaagtgcatggaatataccaaatacaaatccgaaaaagccatttacaaaggattggcagaactcgtagcagcagaagtaatagccagaggaccagcagacaatctttggtttataaatccactcatagtatttaacggcgatagagcaagttatactcgtgaaattatcaagaaaaaaagaacgcagccaaagaaagaagaagataagaaccaactttccattggttttgaggaataa
>gene_39123|Mob
atgaaagtaacgattgcgactcacaacgggtcggcagtttctcgggaacacaacaagcgtaatccgaatgtagccgagaaagagccacacattgatttgacacgagagcatatcactctgattgacgagcctccgagaagggcctacaaacgcatcttcgaggatgctcggaaagaatacaacaaaaaacaaaaaagagatgataggaaaatccttgattactactctcacatcaaaaaatccaagactaaacaccctgtgtatgaaatgataatcggcatctacggaaaaaacgaggaagaaaatcccatctgcgatgccgaaatcggcaaagagataatgtttgaatttatccgaaattggaaaatccgtaatccacatttggaggttatcggtgcttactaccatgccgatgaggatggagaacctcattgtcatattgattatatccctgttgcaacgggttatacaaacggaatgaagatacagaacggacttgttaaggctctggaacaacaaggattttcgaaaaaaggcaaggaaactgcccaaatccagtgggaacgcagggaaaacgagtaccttgaaacactctgcaacaagcgaaaacttgaagttgaccaccctcaaagacaaaaaagcaatgtggaacacctgcacacagaaacctacaaagccactaaaacgctcaaaaatgccgaaaaacaggcaaataaggcaaaaactaagttaaacaatataaaaactaaggccgactcggaatcggtcaaattaaaggcattacaaggcattttagacgatgaaaagaagaaaaagaagaaaatcctgaaaaattacaagtccaaagacgaactgtacgcagagaatcaacggttgcagaaagaactaaccgaagaaaaaaaccaaaattataagttacaagcaaaaaacaccgacctgcaagggaagttagatagagcatcagatagagcagactatatcgatgaagcacatagatatgctgtgaattatatcaaaaaacataagttatgcacagatgctctgtgtgttgacaaaagcaaagaaactgtcacttggtatcacaacaccggcgttaatcggtttgtggctaatacggtaagttttgatgatgtgcttaatatagcaatacaaaccgaagatgtaaacgagtttttcagcaaattcaatgataaagcaaaacaatcatttgtcggcattaatactgtccttgcagatgagcctgattatttgaattgcttagaagatactatgaacggtatcctttgctccgttctcaaccacgaacacgaaaaagagcagaaccgaaatcactactacgctctaccatcgcaagaccaaaaaataagtctctaa
>gene_27583|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgacaatattcgacaaattagaagctataacgacctttttagataacctaaccccaaagctcattattttcgctttatgcttggttctctttgcgttaatcgtagaagccaagagaaagctcgacaaacgaaaaacccagcttaaaaaggcttttaaatcaaaagcacatggagctgtattcggtaaacaaggcttaaaggttatatattcccctaccaaccaagaggggcatatagcggtgtttggtggttctggactcggtaagacctcagctttgctcattcccacacttagaagctggacaggaaccagcttcacaatagatatatctggtgacatctgcaaaaatgtagatatgcctaataaaatgatatatgagccagccaacccagacagcctaccatataacattttcggaccgatagaccgcctaaaaagcgaagatgacaagaatgaagctcttgaagaattggctttccttatgatgccagacgatgaaaaaatggctgatacagcaaaattctttaatacagagggtagaaaaatcttaacagctgcactcatagctttttatcatactggaatggattttatcccaatctgtgaaaagattgttgccagcagctggaaagacctctttaatgccatagattcgacaaattatgacaaagctattcaatacattaacagcttcgagggagctaacgaacaaaataacgcaggctgtaagcaatcagccgacagcgttttaaagctctttgcaaccaacgaaagagtaaagcgaaccattcgccgaccttattcgcaggaagtcgcatttaccccctcaaagctcgaaaaatataatgtctttgttgttgtagatgatagcaagctaaagctctatgctccgcttctacatatcatcacagctcaaagtttggagtatttttctaatcgttccaacgatagcaagacaacaattcttttttgcctggacgaatttgccagccttggaagaatggaaataactgacgctctccgaaagctccgcaaaaagcacgtccgaattatgatgttaacccaaagcatggcagatattgacttgatatatggacatgatgaaagaatggctatgatgaacaactaccgcttcaaggtggttcttggagctgatgacaccgacacacaagaatattttgcaaagctcattggttatcaggacaccacaaagcacagcacttcatcaaatgccaaccagacaacgcacaccgaaagcgaagctaaagaatgggtaatagagccagccgaccttgctcgacttggcaaaaatcttgtattactacacccagacggacacatggttttgaagaaaaacttttattataaatag
>gene_14209|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgtccacggaaaaatcaagagggcatgaaagaacccgaaattgggcttgtgtaatctaccccgattcggctcccgagaattggagagagattcttgatgaatcgcagattgaatggattgaatccccgctccatgatagcgacattaaccccgatacggctgaactgaagaaagctcattggcacattcttctgttctttggcggagttaagagttatgagcaagtcgttgaattcttaaaaccgcttaattgcccagctcctcaaagatgtcataacgcaaaagcctccgtgcgttacatggcacatcttgaccaccccgacaagcatcaataccgtgtttccgaaattaaagctcatggcggtgttgacctcgcagaacttcttcgtcctaactcttct
>gene_5721|replication protein, partial
tatcgtatgtccacggaaaaatcaagagggcatgaaagaacccgaaattgggcttgtgtaatctaccccgattcggctcccgagaattggagagagattcttgatgaatcgcagattgaatggattgaatccccgctccatgatagcgacattaaccccgatacggctgaactgaagaaagctcattggcacattcttctgttctttggcggagttaagagttatgagcaagtcgttgaattcttaaaaccgcttaattgcccagctcctcaaagatgtcataacgcaaaagcctccgtgcgttacatggcacatcttgaccaccccgacaagcatcaataccgtgtttccgaaattaaagctcatggcggtgttgacctcgcagaacttcttcgtcctaactcttctgaacggtatacgctgatagctgaaatgatagcttattgccgtgagaataatatcacggagtatgccgacctcttgcaggttgccaaagatgaacatttcgatgattggtttccacttctttgcgattctgcctcttatgtcatgacttgttatctcaagtcagcacgctataaggtagcaacgagttacgcggtaacgccacctcgtatttga
>gene_36887|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgtccacggaaaaatcaagagggcatgaaagaacccgaaattgggcttgtgtaatctaccccgattcggctcccgagaattggagagagattcttgatgaatcgcagattgaatggattgaatccccgctccatgatagcgacattaaccccgatacggctgaactgaagaaagctcattggcacattcttctgttctttggcggagttaagagttatgag
>gene_45483|replication protein, partial
gaattttatcgtatgtccacggaaaaatcaagagggcatgaaagaacccgaaattgggcttgtgtaatctaccccgattcggctcccgagaattggagagagattcttgatgaatcgcagattgaatggattgaatccccgctccatgatagcgacattaaccccgatacggctgaactgaagaaagctcattggcacattcttctgttctttggcggagttaagagttatgagcaagtcgttgaattcttaaaaccgcttaattgcccagctcctcaaagatgtcataacgcaaaagcctccgtgcgttacatggcacatcttgaccaccccgacaagcatcaataccgtgtttccgaaattaaagctcatggcggtgttgacctcgcagaacttcttcgtcctaactcttctgaacggtatacgctgatagctgaaatgatagcttattgccgtgagaataatatcacggagtatgccgacctcttgcaggttgccaaagatgaacatttcgatgattggtttccacttctttgcgattctgcctcttatgtcatgacttgttatctcaagtcagcacgctataaggtagcaacgagttacgcggtaacgccacctcgtatttga
>gene_29663|Putative replication initiation protein
cacgaagaaaatattcgtttttatgcttgcggtgaatatggaaatactaccgccaggcctcattatcatgttataatgtttaatgtcaattttcctgataaagagccgttttttttgaataaaatgcatcagcagatttataaatctgctgaattatccgatatttggtctaatggtattgtttctattggcggttttgattggcgttctgctgcttatgttgcaagatatgttttgaaaaagcaaaaagggcctcaagctcaagattattataaagatttaggtattgaacctgagtttgtgcgcatgagtttgcgccctggtatcgcgcaaggttattttgatactcattatgaggagatttatcagaatgattgtattgttttgccacctattgacggaactgcccatattgttcaccctcctcgtttctttgatgataagtatgccgctttaagtgctgaatgtgcaaaaaatttggaaaagatcaaagctcgccgcatggctaatgccgaggcttcccaggaaacacgacttaatttgacagaccttgatttacaagggtattttgctctttgcgaaaaaagcgccgataaatctgcaaaattgttgaaaaggcttgtttaa
>gene_44521|Replication protein
gtgtctagaattatagacgatgagccgaaaaaagtcaaggacggcgataaaaaaaataaaaaagatgactggacagcatctgcagacaatgccgacgaagtttttgaactcccttgggaacgggatgcgaggattgcgctaaagcctgcaaagtacaggttgagggatcgtcaaagggatcttgctgactccatgctagaggttgcgaagcagtcccagacgatgggtgaaggcacggcgcattataaatctcttatgagagcagccgatgaagcatggggaatgcctaaaatatctagatctcatgctctcgaggagtatgagaagctctccgctccgatgaaggagcaagtggatctctttcaaggcggttttgtaggagttccgcccagcgagcggagcggagtgttgcccgatgatctccctgtgctggctggaactggcgagatcctcgaagatggtcagagagattggcggtctatcaagcaaagatccctgctgattagcgagctggctctaaatgccttggacagcaacagtatcggatcggcaatgcagacttgcggatctaccttgtggtttgaaaagctggttaatcccgataataaggggtttgacaaacaccttaagttagctaatttttgtaggagtcggctttgtccgatgtgcaattggcggcgctcactcaaaatatccgcccaacagtcaaaggttttgtcccagctcgtaaaggattatcggttcaggcttttgacgctgacgataaaaaatgtggcaggggcggatctagcgtggactctggataatctgatcgagggttttcggaagcttattcactataaagcggtgtcatgtgctgtcgatggttatcaacggtctatcgaggtgacatacaacaggatcgataaggggtttcatcctcatatccatgtcctgctggttagcaaaaagactggttacggtaaatgggatcgctcctatattccccagtctgactgggtgaagatgtggaagcgagcgatgaagttggactacgacccgatagtcgatattcgagcggtcaatacgcgcggtgaaaattggcaacacgcaattgccgaggtgagcaagtatcccctaaagatattcgatttgctgtcgataggggatatggacgaggcgatcgaggtctttaaatttattcatctcgcactgcatgggcggttgctggttacttttggcggtatcgtaaaagaattgaggaagcatcttggaatgtcagatccagacgaggacaataaccttgttaatctcgatgatgacgaggagaaggcgattgctaaatggattgagaagtacacttggcgagcgattgagaagcaatacatttgttag
>gene_663|protein rep
gtgtctagaattatagacgatgagccgaaaaaagtcaaggacggcgataaaaaaaataaaaaagatgactggacagcatctgcagacaatgccgacgaagtttttgaactcccttgggaacgggatgcgaggattgcgctaaagcctgcaaagtacaggttgagggatcgtcaaagggatcttgctgactccatgctagaggttgcgaagcagtcccagacgatgggtgaaggcacggcgcattataaatctcttatgagagcagccgatgaagcatggggaatgcctaaaatatctagatctcatgctctcgaggagtatgagaagctctccgctccgatgaaggagcaagtggatctctttcaaggcggttttgtaggagttccgcccagcgagcggagcggagtgttgcccgatgatctccctgtgctggctggaactggcgagatcctcgaagatggtcagagagattggcggtctatcaagcaaagatccctgctgattagcgagctggctctaaatgccttggacagcaacagtatcggatcggcaatgcagacttgcggatctaccttgtggtttgaaaagctggttaatcccgataataaggggtttgacaaacaccttaagttagctaatttttgtaggagtcggctttgtccgatgtgcaattggcggcgctcactcaaaatatccgcccaacagtcaaaggttttgtcccagctcgtaaaggattatcggttcaggcttttgacgctgacgataaaaaatgtggcaggggcggatctagcgtggactctggataatctgatcgagggttttcggaagcttattcactataaagcggtgtcatgtgctgtcgatggttatcaacggtctatcgaggtgacatacaacaggatcgataaggggtttcatcctcatatccatgtcctgctggttagcaaaaagactggttacggtaaatgggatcgctcctatattccccagtctgactgggtgaagatgtggaagcgagcgatgaagttggactacgacccgatagtcgatattcgagcggtcaatacgcgcggtgaaaattggcaacacgcaattgccgaggtgagcaagtatcccctaaagatattcgatttgctgtcgataggggatatggacgaggcg
>gene_21249|Replication protein RepB
atgggcgtatcgaagaaggaacaacaacggagggccgacgccaagcgggcaggccaaaggacacggaactgggctttcgtgttctatccgggggacagtgctcccgataattggcgggagattatcgacgagtggcgggttccctgcgcggtgtctccgttgcatgacaaggacaaaaaccccgacgagacggacaagaaagcacatcgacacggggcgattgctttcgacgggataaaaacccgcgatcaggttttggagctcgtcgctccgcttggtgtgaaaaatgtcatcaagctcaatagccttgtggggtatctccgttacttggtacacatggacaaccccgaaaaggtgcagtacgatataaacgaggtagaagtctttggaggcttgaattataggggtatcattgaaaccgcctccgataaggctgccgcgctccaagacattatggattttatcgacgagaaccacatcacgaagtatagtcagctcatgcggtattgtcgaaaatcccgttccgattggttttatgttctcgccaacggttacacgctcgttattgccgaatacttaaaaggcgtttggctcgaagagcaagaggccgcgagggataggacttaa
>gene_35175|RepH
atggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_52308|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_38032|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_33806|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_16751|Replication protein repB
aaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_45356|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_12807|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_27708|MULTISPECIES: replication protein
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttg
>gene_16249|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_18820|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_15357|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_37775|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_3754|Replication protein repB
atgagtgagaaaaaatcaaatagcggggctaaaacgcctcgtaaagctacaagaaactgggctactgtggtttatcccgatagtgcgcctggtgattggaaagaaaagcttgacgctttgcgcgtggcggtacttatatctccgctgcatgataaagacgtcaatcctaatggagaaccgaaaaagccgcattggcatgtgctgattatgtttgatggtccaaaggatgagcataaagtgcgtgagatcttcgacacgatcggcggcgttgggtgtgagtatgtcaattcgattcgtggttatgcgcggtatctgtgccatatggataaccctgaaaagtatcagtatgacataggcgatgtagtgagtatgaatggagcagatttcaacacgcttgttagtctgcctagtgataaatacaaagccattggagagataatagattttatcgaaacgaatgatatttacagctatcgacagctttttgcatggtgtcgtgctaataaatacgattggttcaagacactttgcgacaatggtacatacgttatacttgaatatttgaaatcgcgaacatgggagcaagaacatccacaaaaggatgattctttttccgacatgtaa
>gene_33802|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgactcagaaaacagacgaccgtgtccgcaattggacattcctggtttacccagaatctgcaccagcagactggattgaaaaactcacagaccaacaaatccctttcgttgtttccccacttcacgacaaagatgtaactcccacaggagaacccaaaaaaccccattggcacgttgttttggtgttcggagggaaaaagtcttatgaagccgtaaaagacatcacagagagcgttttaggcaccattccggagcgtgtaaaagacattcgtgcgatgattaggtatctcacgcatattgattacccaagcaaggcacaatatgaccgaaatgacattaaactttgtggcggtgtcgatatagatttagattcgtattttctgacgaagtcagatctaaaacagattcgtcgggaaatgtttgaatttttgattgataatgagattacagaaatttgtgatttggtagattatgccaaaataaacagacctgattggtttgaccaaattgtcaattctgattatttgatgatggctctgataacttctcgtagacacaaaaaagagcagcagccaccgacagcaaatgccacggatgtggcaaagctcgttgacgagctttaa
>gene_36362|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgactcagaaaacagacgaccgtgtccgcaattggacattcctggtttacccagaatctgcaccagcagactggattgaaaaactcacagaccaacaaatccctttcgttgtttccccacttcacgacaaagatgtaactcccacaggagaacccaaaaaaccccattggcacgttgttttggtgttcggagggaaaaagtcttatgaagccgtaaaagacatcacagagagcgttttaggcaccattccggagcgtgtaaaagacattcgtgcgatgattaggtatctcacgcatattgattacccaagcaaggcacaatatgaccgaaatgacattaaactttgtggcggtgtcgatatagatttagattcgtattttctgacgaagtcagatctaaaacagattcgtcgggaaatgtttgaatttttgattgataatgagattacagaaatttgtgatttggtagattatgccaaaataaacagacctgattggtttgaccaaattgtcaattctgattatttgatgatggctctgataacttctcgtagacacaaaaaagagcagcagccaccgacagcaaatgccacggatgtggcaaagctcgttgacgagctttaa
>gene_6435|replication initiation protein
atgtctaaaatcaagttcagcaataccagaaagccagagaccctcaaggtggacggtgaaaaacacttaaccctctctaacaggcagttaagtgtcactattagtgattatgatgagccagtccagtatagactagggtggagtatcgacagaataaccctagtaggtacaatcaaaatcagcaccaatccagacggtacaaccagagacctccagagcatcatgcaatcaatgctagatgctggtaaacctggagtggagaaactacccaaagggtggttactcagagacagacaaggtgaacagatagcttatgtcgagtatctggattttaacagcaccaggggcaggattgattttaaccccagtaagctgagtgattacctacaaaccaccctcaaggattttatagacctaatcttcacagaggttaagttctccagggtcgatgttgcttgtgatatattcaatgctccagatgagtttgttgaccagtatgttatcaccaaaccagttagctccagggtgtatcgtggtaggggtggagctatccagacggtttactggggttcacctagctcagatgagcaggtgaggttatacgataaagccacagagcgt
>gene_19897|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtcagaacgaatcaacaaagcccgcttctggtgggcggttctctatccagaaaacatgatagagaattgggaaaccgctatcggtgatattgtccaattgccgtatgcgtattgcaaacacaccatggacaaggatagcaagtcggaacaccgtaaagaccatattcatcttattatagcttttacgaatacgacaacctacaaacacgctcttgaagtttttggattgctctctactgaaggtaagaaagctgtcaatacttgtcaggctgtcgtaaatgttcgtaatgcttacgattacctgatacatgatacagatagctgtagaaaagctcataaagagctttacagccctgaagcacgtgtaagtggtaattcattcgatattggagcttacgagcaggtagggctattagaacgtaatgctatgtgtaaggagctttgtaacgctatactggaacagggtttttacaacttcatagacttttacgcctatgtaataactacttatgaagatagcaattacttcgatattcttaagagttatagtggtctattcgagcgcttatgcaaaggcaattaccacaaggttttggagcttgaaaaggcttcaaaagagtag
>gene_41531|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgccgaagaaaaagtcaagtacctgtgaacgtactcgtaattggtgtactattgtttatcctgaaagtgctccgtcaaattggcgtgaacttcttgatgatcaccacattgagtggattgaaagccctttacatgataaggataaaaatcctgacggagaattgaaaaaagcacatatacatgttttacttatgtttaacggtatgaagtcatacgatcagatcgttgaacttcttcagggtctcaattttactgtaccgcaacgttgtcatgatgcacgtgcaatggttcgttactttgctcatattgataatcctgaaaagtatcaatataatgtttctgatattattgctcatggtggtgtagatttatctgatatgctccggcgatctgcatcagaacgttatgaacttatccgtgatatgatttcttttatacgcaaaaataatattaccgaatttagtaccttttgtgattatgcttcagcgaatgaatctgatacgtggtttcctcttttgtgtgataattctacgatgatgataaaagagtatatcaagtcagttcgtcatggtggtggatcgcattcatttgtcaataaagaaacaggagaaataattgaataa
>gene_17932|Rep50
atggctggaacaaagtcaagtgggaataaggaaactcgtacgcgtaattggactattgttttatatcctgaatctgctccaaagaattggagagagatacttgatgatatgcatattgaatggattgaaagtccattgcacaataaggatataaatgctaatggtgaagctaaaaaagcacattggcatatacttttgatgtttgggggcgtaaagacatatgagcaggtaaaagagattaccactaagcttaatgcacctattccagaacgttgtcataatgctaaagctatggttcgatatatggcacatttggataaccctagtaaggcacagtatagtatatcggatattaaagcacacgggggtgtagaccttgcagaaatgcttcgtccgtcttcatcagaacgttatactcttattggcgatatgctttcatacattcgtgcaaataatataattgagtttcaggatttaatggattatgcacttgcaaataagtttgatacttggtttcctttgctttgtgataattctgcgtttgttgtgggacagtatataaaatcacagcgacacagaatacaatgtaaaataaatcctgaaacaggtgaagtgatagagtag
>gene_50342|Putative replication protein
atggctggaaaaaagtcaagcggaaacaaggagacccgcacacgcaactggactattgtcttgtatcctgagtctgctccggagaactggagagagatacttgacgatatgcacattgaatggatagaaagcccgttacacgataaggatataaacgctaacggagagactaaaaaggcacattggcatatactgctgatgtttggcggtgtaaagacctatgagcaggtaaaagagattaccgataaacttaatgcacccattccagaacgttgtcataatgctaaagctatggtgcgatatatggcacatttggacaaccctgataaggcacagtatagtgtatcagacatcaaagcacacggcggtgtagaccttgcggaaatgctccgcccctcttcatcagaacgctataccctgattggtgatatgctctcgtatatccgtgctaacaatgtagttgagttccaagaccttatggactatgcacttgcaaacgagtttgacacttggtttcctctcctatgcgataactctgcgttcgttgtaggacagtacataaagtcacagaggcacagactacaacccaaagtaaaccccgaaacaggcgaggtcatagagtaa
>gene_21984|MULTISPECIES: initiator RepB protein
atgaacccggacgaaaagaaattaatagtgtttaaatcaaatccgctgctggacatgaaaaatgaaatgggcctgtatcagcaaaggatgtttaatctgtatctggcagcgataaatccgatgaaggaagacactaagaaggtgtccttcacgttgtcggagtttgtaagactgatagggattacggagatcaatccgaaaaagctgcatgcgctcgccagggattctgtgcggatgtatgtggatctgtatgcgattgaggagaagagcggaaagaaaaaagcagattccaaccggatgaattatgtgaacgtgtggaaaagattcaaggtggataaggacgaaagcggccagtggacagtggagctgcaggccggggatgacgtactgccctatatgtttgagatcaaaagccttggatacctgaattttcctgttatttttgcgctgcgtatgaggtcgccgatcgcggagaagctttatgaacagtgtgcgagatataaggacaagaagagtttcacaatatctccggaggagttaaagaagcgcttgggcatagcgaataaggagtcgtataagagctacaaccgactcaaaacgagcgttttgaacaggtgcatgaaggaaatcaatgagaaaacggatatctatgtgacgatagttgatgaggaaagactgcgcaagagaggtaagccggttaaaagcattactttttccgttgaagcaaatccttctttcaagcagcgtaaagaagacggggaaatacaggcgctacatgagaaaagcatgccaatcgatgtggaaatgacccctgtagacgcgacagcagacaggcagcttacgctggaagcctatgagctgcagcaaagctatgggttcagcgacgttgaagcagaaaccattatccgtgatagagataaatacggcttgtctgatgaccgggtgcgggaagtgatcgactatgttatagtccaaaaaccgataaaccggatggcatacataaggtcgatgctaaggaagccggatgcggatcttgtgatagtgacgaaggccggaaaacaggcggccaggaatcctttcaaccagttcgagcagaattcttatgattttgatgaactggaagagcagctgctgtcaaatgggcttgacgagctggcagaaaatgagccggtatcagataaaggcaagggcgaaggcagaacagaagaggctcctggagcagggcaggaagatgtccgggaaaccttgccgccatattatattgtgatgggggatccggatgttccaaagaggctggctgcataccaggcgctgggaatccccggagagaagataaaaatcctgaccatggaagaatacgagcgattaaaataa
>gene_55831|plasmid replication protein
atggctgaaaacattaagaaaaggaattggacttttgtcctctatccagagagcgctcctgctgactggatagaccaactcaaactctctggacttatggttgcaatatcacctctgcacgataaggacataaacccaacaggggagcccaaaaaggctcattatcacatacttttggtatacagtggacctaccacatacaactctgtgctaaagttcacaaaatcgctaaatgctacaataccccaaccgcttgaaagtgttcgcggtatgtaccgctatttttcccacaaggacaaccccgaaaaatatcaataccaggaagaggaaatccagtctctaaacggcttcaatatagccgacctggttgaacttacaaaaagcgaagtaaatgagattaaggcttcaattttgcgcttgattagggaggtagacatacttgaatacgccgacctggttgacttcctcaccgacaatgaaatgttggcggagtacgatgtggcaatcaataacacattctttttcaattcatacataaccagtcgcagaaattcaaacaccaggcttgtcgacagggtcaacaaaaagaggcaagaaagggctttgagctgtgccgaaatttaa
>gene_16591|Rep50
atggctggaaaaaagtcaagtgggaacaaggaaacccgtacacgaaattggactttagtcttgtatccagagtcagttccggcgaactggagagagatacttgatgatatgcacattgaatggatagaaagcccgttacacgataaggatataaacgctaatggggagaataagaaggcacattggcatatactgcttatgtttggcggtgtaaagacctatgatcaggtaaaagatattacggataaacttaatgctcccattcctgaacgctgtcataatgctaaagctatggttcgatatatggcacatctggacaacaccgacaaggcacagtatagtgtttcggacatcaaagcacacggcggtgtagaccttgcggaaatgctccgcccctcttcatcagaacgttatactttgattggtgatatgatatcatatatccgtgctaacaatgtggttgagttccaagaccttatggactatgcacttgcgaacgagtttgatacttggtttccgctcctttgcgataactctgcgttcgttgtcggacagtacataaaatcacaaaggcacagacttaaacccaaagtagaccccgaaacaggcgaggttatagagtga
>gene_17164|Rep50
atggctggaaaaaagtcaagtgggaacaaggaaacccgtacacgaaattggactttagtcttgtatccagagtcagttccggcgaactggagagagatacttgatgatatgcacattgaatggatagaaagcccgttacacgataaggatataaacgctaatggggagaataagaaggcacattggcatatactgcttatgtttggcggtgtaaagacctatgatcaggtaaaagatattacggataaacttaatgctcccattcctgaacgctgtcataatgctaaagctatggttcgatatatggcacatctggacaacaccgacaaggcacagtatagtgtttcggacatcaaagcacacggcggtgtagaccttgcggaaatgctccgcccctcttcatcagaacgttatactttgattggtgatatgatatcatatatccgtgctaacaatgtggttgagttccaagaccttatggactatgcacttgcgaacgagtttgatacttggtttccgctcctttgcgataactctgcgttcgttgtcggacagtacataaaatcacaaaggcacagacttaaacccaaagtagaccccgaaacaggcgaggttatagagtga
>gene_50321|Rep50
atggctgaacgaaaagcaagtgacgcacgcaagagaaattttgccaccgtcatttatccggaaagcgccccggagaactggcgtgaaattttagccgggtattttgtcccggccttcgttagtccgttgcatgacaaggatgtcaatgcaaccggagaccccaagaaagcacatcatcatgtcatggtgatgtttgagggtaagaagtctgacgagcaggtaaaaaccatgtttgactctattggcggtgttggccttgaacgagtcgagagtctgagaggatatgccaggtatttgtgtcacctggacaaccctgaaaaggctcag
>gene_50324|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgaatggctccgattactcttacaccatcggcattgtcgcagataagtacaaggccgttagagagatgattgcattttgcaaggctaaccagattgtcagttatgcggaacttctggagtatgcttcagctgaacaagatacatggttcagaatcttgtgtgactctggtaccgttgtcatgaaggagtacctcaagtctgtttcttggggtatgagagctggatccaccgcacaacctcgtgtagatccggaaaccggggaggtgctctga
>gene_28317|Replication protein RepB
atggcgaaaatttcaaacaaaaaagcagaacgcacaaaaacatgggcttttattgcttaccctgatagcgttccagagaattggcaagcaatacttgaagatttacatataaacattataatttcacctcttcacgataaagatataaatccaggtactgaagaatataaaaaaccacattggcatgttgttcttatatttgaaagtttgaaatcattttcacaagcagaagaagtttcaaaatcggtaaatggtacaagtcctataatttgccaatcaacaaatggaatgattagatatttaattcatattgataaccctgaaaaagcacaatattcaaaagatgacattgtgaaaataggttcatttgatattgaagatgctttcaaaaattcagttgataagtatttggcaattcgtgatatgattcagtttataaaagataatgaaatcactgagtatattgattttatggactattgcagtataaataaatttgatgattggtttagattgttgtgtgatagttgttctttcgtgatacaaggtgtaatcacatcaaatagaaataagattaaagagtcaaaagaaaatggttcttattataaaggagatgaagaataa
>gene_33680|Conjugal transfer protein
atggcacgtctttccgccccccagaaaacgatcggggttccagccaaaaacaaacccgggcagtgggtgcaaaccgaacgaaaagcccacgaagcatgggcgcggctcatctcacgaaagccccgggccgctgagttgcttcatcatctggtagcacagatgggacgccggaatgccgttgttgtcccacagggcgttctggccaaactcatgggtcgcagtgtggacaccattcagcgagcaatcagagatttggttgccgagcgctggatttcagttgtccgaattgggaaaggaaaagaagcggcttatgttgtcaatgatcgggtcgcatggggccaagctcgggatcagctccgcctgtccgtgttttcggccgcagtggtagcagacttcgaggaccaagacgaggcgctgctaggccacggtgacctgcgaaagattcctgctcttttcccgggggagtggcagctacccacgggagagggagaatacccacccagccagcaggtgctgccggacatggagccagatttgccagccatccgagccgggtcagtggacccggaaaccggcgaaatattggaactcgaacggcgcggccagcagcgcctgatcgactga
>gene_26948|Plasmid replication protein
atgcagtacgaaaaacatcctgagaccgaggaaattttgctcaccgaagaaacaatcaagacagcacttgctcacagaactataaaacggtgggcatacattcggcacgatgaggatgtttattctgcacttgacgaggaacataaccctgaccatattcaagggcagactaaaccaccacattggcacattgtcgtggaaatgggctcaaaccaagttgaaataggtgtcattgcaaagtggttcaagattgctcctaatttcgttgaaactgcaaaaggtgcaggagctttcctcgactgctgccaatacctcacacacgaggacatcaagcaaagagaactcggcaagacactttattctgatgaacgagtaatatcgaactttaacttcagagaagctctttccaaaagagctgagcaaaagcttaaatacggcagagagctctctttgagagaccaaatcagatacgatgtgctatacaacggaaagaagctctcaaaggttatcgaagagtaccctcttgaatatcaggaagatatgactgctctgcagagatacagacttgagcacttaaccaaaattgcccctgcaccatccaagaggatgaatatctacatagaggggccagggggaattggtaaagggcttataagcagagctttagctcgtgcaatagttgatagaaccggagagctttatgacgatgaaattttcttcgaggtaggttctgataagaccaccttcgaaggctatgacggacaacctgtaatcatttggaacgactgcagagcttcaacccttttggaaaagctcggaggtcgtgaaaatgtattcaatgtgtttgaccttttccccccgaacatcaagcaaaatattaaatacggctctatcaggctgaacaatgaaattaacatcgttaattcggttgagaattactcctcttttataaaaacactttcgggagctgaagaccgaaaccaagcactcagaagaattcctcttttccttgttctccacgagaaagactatgacctcggaatcaacaaaggggtttttgagggcacaagagaatatgagcaattcatttcttacaaaggcatccaagccaattttagagaaatcacaaattcttgtggtgataatgtttctctgagaaacgaaacaaacagaagaagccttgctcccgtggtggagaaattcgatgaaacatcgaagaagctcgttcacccacaaactctttctgatgaggaaatcagagagaagttcaaggactacggaacgatacaaggcggcgaagagataatcgagctcactcccacgggctatgctgtggatgggctgagcttgaacggatacaaagacgactaa
>gene_4857|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgcaagatgtagataacattatacctaagataagcgccggaacaagagatatcgaacgagctgaccgacactattacatggagacgagcgaaacgctcatcggaacaaagaaaaaagaacttctcgacacggagaccggcgaaaagattctggtagaccagattaccaagcgggtatatggaacgaaaagattttggaaagtttaccttatggattttctgactgtgcttggaatcattgacagtaagcagctcgatgtgtttatttatattgccgaaaataccgacaaggcaaacaatgtttttctcggtacctatagcaaaataagcgaatcactcggtgtgtcgcgaccaaccatagctaagctcatgaaaaaacttcaggacaagggtttcataaaacgaattcaaaacggtgcatggctggttaatcctaacattctcatgcaaggtaacgataacaaaaggcaaattcttctgtcatactatgaagcagacgaaccaatcgaaaaaatgacatatcaaagagtaaaccgcgaccctatatcgcacgaagagccatcgaccatgctaattgacgaaaaggaaagtgtaaatgaaagaaccgaaagtacagattaa
>gene_22145|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgcaagatgtagataacattatacctaagataagcgccggaacaagagatatcgaacgagctgaccgacactattacatggagacgagcgaaacgctcatcggaacaaagaaaaaagaacttctcgacacggagaccggcgaaaagattctggtagaccagattaccaagcgggtatatggaacgaaaagattttggaaagtttaccttatggattttctgactgtgcttggaatcattgacagtaagcagctcgatgtgtttatttatattgccgaaaataccgacaaggcaaacaatgtttttctcggtacctatagcaaaataagcgaatcactcggtgtgtcgcgaccaaccatagctaagctcatgaaaaaacttcaggacaagggtttcataaaacgaattcaaaacggtgcatggctggttaatcctaacattctcatgcaaggtaacgataacaaaaggcaaattcttctgtcatactatgaagcagacgaaccaatcgaaaaaatgacatatcaaagagtaaaccgcgaccctatatcgcacgaagagccatcgaccatgctaattgacgaaaaggaaagtgtaaatgaaagaaccgaaagtacagattaa
>gene_28519|Plasmid replication protein
atgagtacgaaatcaaacgtgaaaaaaagatattgggcgtttgtactttatcccgaaagtgcccccgagaactggactgagattcttcagtcaaccggtctggctgtcgcggtttcacctttgcacgataaagacattaaccctgatggtattgagaaaaaatcacactaccatgtaatcctggcttattccggtcctaccacgtataacaacgtcaaagccttggttgttgatacgttagggcagcctatcccgcagcctcttgatagtgtccgtgggtattacagatatttcacacacaaggacaatcccgaaaagttccagtacgaagagaaggatattcgttgtcttaacggtttcagcattttcgattttgtagagctttcaaagctcgaggttgttcaaattaagcagaacattcagaagcttatccgtgaattggatatcgttgagtatgccacattgctggactatctcatggacaatcagatgacttccgagtacgatgtcgcaaccagtaacacccttttattccaagggtacctcagaagccgcagattgcgcgttgagggccgttcaactacccttgtggataaagatactggcgaaatcatcgaatag
>gene_56486|Plasmid replication protein
atgagtacgaaatcaaacgtgaaaaaaagatattgggcgtttgtactttatcccgaaagtgcccccgagaactggactgagattcttcagtcaaccggtctggctgtcgcggtttcacctttgcacgataaagacattaaccctgatggtattgagaaaaaatcacactaccatgtaatcctggcttattccggtcctaccacgtataacaacgtcaaagccttggttgttgatacgttagggcagcctatcccgcagcctcttgatagtgtccgtgggtattacagatatttcacacacaaggacaatcccgaaaagttccagtacgaagagaaggatattcgttgtcttaacggtttcagcattttcgattttgtagagctttcaaagctcgaggttgttcaaattaagcagaacattcagaagcttatccgtgaattggatatcgttgagtatgccacattgctggactatctcatggacaatcagatgacttccgagtacgatgtcgcaaccagtaacacccttttattccaagggtacctcagaagccgcagattgcgcgttgagggccgttcaactacccttgtggataaagatactggcgaaatcatcgaatag
>gene_8884|Plasmid recombination enzyme Pre1
gtgccggtaggtcactacggaaatgaaaatatcgatcaaacaagacttaacgaggatcatataaactatgcgcccagccgtgggaatgaacaggaatatatagctataaaaatcaaagaggttatgggggaaagaacgataagaaagaattctgtgaaaatggccacatgggttgtaaatgctccggtcggacttccaccacacaaaagagatgagtttttctctacggtctatgcatttttggttgataggtacgggaaaaaatctggactgggtgaagatatcgtggttagttgctatcgtcacaaaagtgaaacaacagaacatctacattttgcctttattccagtgatagaaagaaagaacggggaaaaggcgctctgtgcaaaagatttacttaaccgtcaggaactaaaagcatttcataatgatttgggcgcatggtgtgaagaaaaaggtgtctgtaaaaaatcagatatcctcaacggtaaaaccttgagagattcaagtggtagagcgttatctgtctgggagctgaagaagatcaccagagacagggataagggaaaccgttggaacaggaacacggaaagaaccaaaggagaaagggggcgtttttga
>gene_38942|Replication protein repB
atggctagtaaaaaaacaagtgaaaaagacagtagaacaagaaattggactattgtagtatatcctgatagtgcacctgataattggagagacattatcgaggatatgcacgttgagtgggtagaaagtcccctgcacgagaacgatgttaatgctaatggcgagaaaaagaaaccacattggcatatcttacttatgtttggtggcgttaaatcatacgagcaggtcgttgagtgtattgaaccattaaactgtcctattccagaacgttgccacaatgctaaggctatggtgcgttatatggcacatctcgataatcccgataaatatcaatatagtgtgtctgacattaaggctcatggaggtgttgacttatctgaacttttaagagccaactcatcagaacgttatgagatgatcaaggaaatgatgacttatgttaagactaataatgtaattgagttccaggatttaatcgactatgctatggctgataagttcgacacctggtttcctttgctttgtgacaattctgcttttgttgttaatcaatacatcaagtcgcaaagacatagagtttcgccacgatttgaccccgatacaggcgagattatagactaa
>gene_13550|RepB
atggacaacaagaaatcaagaggcaacgtcgaaaaacgaacccggaactggatggtaatcgtgtacccggacagtgcgccggatggctgggaaagtctgcttgacgagcaccacgtacagtggtgctgcagtcccctgcatgataaggatatcaatgcagacggcacaccgaaaaaaccgcattggcatgtgattcttgcttatgacagtgtcaaaacctatgatcaggtgcaggaggtcacgaaacagctgtgcgccccgatcccgcaaagagtggaatcgatccgcggcgcggtgcgatatctggcgcacatggataatcccgacaaggcacagtatgaccgcgcggaaatccggacatatggcggtatggatatcgcggaatacctgcgcacgtcagagcaggcgcgcggaaacgttgtacgcgatatgtgccactgggtgaccgaaaacggaatcacagaaatgtggcaattgatgcagtacgccatggacaacgaaccggactggtgggatgcgcttataaccaactccgggtatatcatggacttgtatgtgaaaagttggcgcaacggaggacatcgcagtgcggcaacggattgtaaaacagatagatcttga
>gene_50374|RepB
atggacaacaagaaatcaagaggcaacgtcgaaaaacgaacccggaactggatggtaatcgtgtacccggacagtgcgccggatggctgggaaagtctgcttgacgagcaccacgtacagtggtgctgcagtcccctgcatgataaggatatcaatgcagacggcacaccgaaaaaaccgcattggcatgtgattcttgcttatgacagtgtcaaaacctatgatcaggtgcaggaggtcacgaaacagctgtgcgccccgatcccgcaaagagtggaatcgatccgcggcgcggtgcgatatctggcgcacatggataatcccgacaaggcacagtatgaccgcgcggaaatccggacatatggcggtatggatatcgcggaatacctgcgcacgtcagagcaggcgcgcggaaacgttgtacgcgatatgtgccactgggtgaccgaaaacggaatcacagaaatgtggcaattgatgcagtacgccatggacaacgaaccggactggtgggatgcgcttataaccaactccgggtatatcatggacttgtatgtgaaaagttggcgcaacggaggacatcgcagtgcggcaacggattgtaaaacagatagaccttga
>gene_8614|Replication initiator protein
atgggagcaaatagcccaaagtatcgggatttctttatcaccatcaacgaaggcgcggagtgctacgacgatgcgttggaaatcctaaaaaaccaactcaactacaaactctatggggctatctatcacgacaaagacaaaatcgtggagatcggcacggatggggaagtgcacgaaacgcccaagaagaaacaccttcacatcgtggtcgaggtcaaaaacccggtttcattccaagcgatgcaaaaccgatttgcaggggcacacatcgacaccatcaaatacaaaaaaagcgcatatcagtatctcatccacaactcgccaaagtcgaaggagaaataccaatacgctgtcgatgagattatatcaaacgatttgcaagcggtaaaattcgccatcgaaaccgaggactacgagcaattcagggaaaacaactggctccggtatatggcggaaggaacgcgcaccgcttaccaattcaccaagcgatttgggctcaacatctacaagcagtattggaagccttacaacgatatgctcgaaaacctctcaaaagacgaagagatgcaaaaggatttagaggagatgatggcatccatcgaggacgatttacccttctaa
>gene_17009|Replication protein
atggacgttgaaaaatcaagagacacacgtacacgtaactttgctactgtggtttatccggagtcagctccggaggattggcaagagatactagcaaggcattgtgtaccggcatttattagccccttacatgataaggacgtgaacccaactggagagcctaaaaagccacattatcacgttgttttgatgttcgagggtaaaaagagtatagcacaggtaacagagatattcgatacaatcaatggtgtaggctgtgaggtcgttaaaagccttagagggtacgcaagatacctttgtcacttagacaacccagaaaaggcacaatacgagccttctgacgtgcgttgtatagcatctgactacataggcactattggacttgctatagacaagtatgttgctattggagagatgcaagatttttgtgaacaatacaacgttgtttcgttctatgcactcgctaaatatgctcgtggtcataggcaagattggcataggattttatgtgactgtggctctgtgtttatgcgtgaatatttacagtctcgcaaatggagcaaagaacagaattttggagatattgtagaccctgaaactggagaagtattgcaatag
>gene_16141|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctaaaaacaccaagaagcgaaactgggcatttgtcttatacccagaatcagctccagaggactggagagaacaattacaaaagacaggtctgcaatgtgccatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatcaacccagacaacacaccgaagaaagcacattaccatgtgatattgtgttacagcggtccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaagggcttgacggacggacttaatcagccgataccgcaagctttggagcaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcacaaagataatccagagaaagcacagtacaacgagagcgaaattaaaaccatcaatggttttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgaagtcacgcagatcaagaaagcgttgcaaacgctgattaggcagtacggcataacggagtatgccgagctgatggactatctgcaggacgaagagatgaatgttgagtacgaggtggcgagtaataacacatacttctttgacaagtacatagcgagccgtcgcaatcggccatcgaaaccgatgccgaaatgcgaccctgacacgggcgaaatcatagaggaaaaagagagctaa
>gene_54745|Relaxase (Fragment)
atgccatatactcgtataacaccttcaaggaacggaagggaagcgatagaatacgccctgggtaatgaagaaaataaaggtcataacggtaatgaagttagaaatttagcagtgggcacagtcggaatgttacctgaagaggttatgtcttatgcagatcaaatgcaagtctattggaataaagcatccagtagaaataaaaaccaggtacgaagaattattacatcattttcaaaagaagaactggatccgacagatccaaaaagtgctgaaatagctcttgcaatgttacaggaacacgcacgcacttattacccaggaagacaggtcttgatctgcatccaggctgacggtgtaggtggatgtttgcacggtcacgaaatcgtgaacaatgtttcaatgattgacggaaaaggatgtacggatgaacaaacaaaatttcattatgtagcaaaaaccattgatgaagttgcaaagaaatatattgatctttcaatggactataaagaaaagtttgatgaagttacaaagaaagcaattattccaaaagatagagttacacaaaatgaaagaagacagcgtgacgaaaacagggaagcagttgcaaatggtgaagaagcaccaaactatatttggaaagatgatctgaaaaatagagttttacaggcaatggaagaatccacaagcagagaagacttcctgaagcgtttgacagtccacggtgttgaaggtgaatatagaacttcaaagaaacagggtgattatattatttatgaattgattgacaccacaggttttggtgatggaaagattccgtcaaacctgaagtcaaaatcctataagttaggatctgattatggactggaagccctggagcaacaaattcaaaaagcatcgaaagaaaaacctgaaacatcccctgtaggtttcacatggagtgaaacaacaactgtttcaacaagtatcagttctgaagatatagagtatgcagaacgaatgaaaaaaatacaggattgggctgaagaaaaaggttttgattttaacacaaacggtatttttgattatgaaaagtataaaaatatagaaaaagcatacgaagaagaaaaaacaaaaccacagaaagcccaggaaacaacgtcaaatgaaaaagacgataaaaacatcgttgaagaagaaaaactcgaatttagaacaaatatgaaggttttacagcataagaaacaaactgaagaaaattcagaagaaaaagaacctgaaatacctgttgtaaattccgcaaaagaagaaacacagcctgaagtaatgagcagaagacagcaaatgattgaccggttaagaacggatgctgaacagttagaaaagaactgg
>gene_55926|plasmid replication protein
atgagcgagaaaaagtcaactgtaaaaaagcgtaattgggcgtttgtcttgtacccagatagtgctcctgaaaattggagagagattttgcaacaatcaggcttacaatgtgctgtgtcacctttgcacgataaggatatggatgcaaccggagagccgaagaagccacattggcacgttatagctgtttatagcggtcctacgtcttacaatgtggtaaatgccctttgtggctctctgaacgctccacatccgcaagctttggaacaggtaagaggttattacagatatttgacacataaggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgatgataaagatataacaactataaacggcttcaatatatccgatttttcggaacttactcgaagtgaggttaatgctatcaagtttagacttcagaagctcatcagagagcaagagatatttgagtatagcgactttatggattatttacaagataatgatatgatgtctgaatatgaggtagcaagcaataacacaatgtttttcgaccgttatatacgttcaaggaactgtaagagggttacttcaaagaagcctaaaatcgaccctgatactggcgaaattttggaatga
>gene_51887|plasmid replication protein
tacccagatagtgctcctgaaaattggagagagattttgcaacaatcaggcttacaatgtgctgtgtcacctttgcactataaggatatggatgcaaccggagagccgaagaagccacattggcacgttatagctgtttatagcggtcctacgtcttacaatgtggtaaatgccctttgtggctctctgaacgctccacatccgcaagctttggaacaggtaagaggttattacagatatttgacacataaggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgatgataaagatataacaactataaacggcttcaatatattcgatttttcggaacttactcgaagtgaggttaatgctatcaagtttagacttcagaagctcatcagagagcaagagatatttgagtatagcgactttatggattatttacaagataatgatatgatgtctgaatatgaggtagcaagcaataacacaatgtttttcgaccgttatatacgttcaaggaactgtaagagggttacttcaaagaagcctaaaatcgaccctgatactggcgaaattttggaatga
>gene_28365|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gcgtttgtcttgtacccagatagtgctcctgaaaattggagagagattttgcaacaatcaggcttacaatgtgctgtgtcacctttgcacgataaggatatggatgcaaccggagagccgaagaagccacattggcacgttatagctgtttatagcggtcctacgtcttacaatgtggtaaatgccctttgtggctctctgaacgctccacatccgcaagctttggaacaggtaagaggttattacagatatttgacacataaggacaaccccgaaaaagcacagtatgatgataaagatataacaactataaacggcttcaatatatccgatttttcggaacttactcgaagtgaggttaatgctatcaagtttagacttcagaagctcatcagagagcaagagatatttgagtatagcgactttatggattatttacaagataatgatatgatgtctgaatatgaggtagcaagcaataacacaatgtttttcgaccgttatatacgttcaaggaactgtaagagggttacttcaaagaagcctaaaatcgaccctgatactggcgaaattttggaatga
>gene_17277|Replication protein
atgggagaagcctatacagaggtgacaccagaggagttttacagggatatgtttccagatgggtcgctccaacagaggggggacatggagaccgataagggtaatgccatggtcgatgtgataacctactatccgaatgacaagaggttctcaaggaagtatgtcatgacggacgatttggaagctctgagatacatgaagccacaggggaacaccaaggagctgtccagaatgtgcctgtgcagtcctgtcagctactatggggttcacaagaataacaacatggctcatgagctgtatgccgtggttctggacctcgactatgtaggtctgcaacagctaaagaacatcatgaagcagatagggaatggtgcaaggtgtatcccacccaactatatcgtgaatagtggtaggggtatgcacctgtattaccttctggaagagccgataccgtgctacaagtacatggtggaacagcttacgaagttcaaggctgttatgcagaactttgtatggaatgagacttccagcctttatcctgagaagccagaccacggagcaatcacacaggctttccgaatggtcggaagtgaaacgaagctcggaaaggactatgtggtaagggcttataaggtcagagaggaacgatggacgataccagaactctatctctgggtggaacagcgtgcatcgtcattcctcaaggaatgtccgttgccacagctgagagacccgatagagacatatcgaaagagacaccctctgaccatggcagaagccaagaagcgttatccggaatggaatccgtatgccaagagtaaaaaatggacttgtaagccagacctttactattggtggattcgccagataaaggataaagccattgtcgggggcagatattatgctgttctggctttggctgcctacggcagtaagtgtgacattccattaaagcagattgagaaagacgctctggagcttgtgccgttccttgacggcttgactaatgatgagaccaatcacttcacaaaggcagatgccatagacgctctgagcttcttcaagaacaacaagaaagaggtcacttacaagctgacaagggagcgaattgatgagcttaccaaaatcacaatcaagccgagccacagggaaaaagggaaacgattgaaacagagagaccatttggaagtggcaaggcaaatgcaatccattcgagacagggtcaacggaacggattggagagagggcaacggcagacccgaaaagtcgaaaattgtcgaagattggcgaaaagcaaatccagacggaaagaaagcagattgccatagagatacaggattgagccgagtgacgatagataagtggtggtag
>gene_38578|Replication initiator protein
atggcaacgaacagtccaaaaaatagggactacttcataactgttaatgaagatgccgagagttatcaagacacactcgaaagggtaagagaactcaattacaaactctatgcctatatcgttcacgacaaggacaaaatccttgaagaagataaggaaaccggagaactaaaagagaaaccaaagagagttcataaacacattgttattgaacttaataacccaatcacttttaactcaatgcaaagcaagttcccaggagcacacattgaagtccctaaatacaaaaaaagtgcctatcaatacctcattcacaaccttccaagtgcgaaagagaaatatcaatattcacttaacgagattatatcaaacaatctcaaagaagttgagcaaatcattaagagtgaaacatttgaacttttttatgaaaatcaattcttacgatatgtcgcacaaggagttagaacaacttatcaatttatgaagcgtttcggtttaaatgcttaccgccaatattggtttgcttatgagaaactacttaacgaaatcaacaccgataaggaacttcaaagggatttagcggaattagaggaacaaatcaaagaagaactaccattctaa
>gene_29283|RepB
atgagtgaaaaaaaagaaaaaaaagaacaagaacaaagatgtagaaattggacatttcttatttatgaagatagtgttccaaaaaactacaaagaaaaatgtgaagatttaaaaattcaaattgtagaaagtccttggcattgtgatgatgtaaatggtgatggttcaaaaaagaaaaaccataaacatatggttttgatgtatagtagtgtaaaatcatttgaacaagtaaaaaaggatattgaagttttcaatggaactataccacaaaaggtaagtgatactaggggaatgattagatatttaattcatatagacaaccctagtaaagcacaatacaaaatagaagatattcaattatatggtggtgtagatattgaaccatacttcaaaagagaacacgaagaacaagaacaagaagatttaataagtatttttaaaataataaaagacaatgaatttatggaattttatgaatttatggattggttgattgctaattgtaaaaatgacttaattaagatagtgagaaaaaatacatatatcataaattcatatctaaaaagttatagacattcaaaaagagatgaagaaaatataaaaacacatggttttaggtaa
>gene_17744|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagttccaaaagaatttttggtataacttgctacgccaaaattacatatgctataattactgcaaaaggaggggttgaattggctcattatatgaaacaccctaaaactgcacttgggcatttaggcaaacattacgaaagaggaaaagatgaaagtagcgaatatgtgaaatttggcaatcctgaaatagacctacaaaggacacatcttaattacaatttagcaccacaacataatcatatggagtttatcaaacaaagattaagtgaagtttattgtttaaacagaaaagatgttaatgttatgtgtagttgggttgttactgctcctaaagatttagacccaaaccaacaagatgacttttttaaagaaagctataaatttcttgaaaataggtatggaaaagagaatgtaatatcctcttatgttcatttagacgaaactactccacatatgcactttgcatttattccagtagtttatgataaaaagaaagatagatataaagtatcagctaaggagagagtaaataaatttgaattaaaatctttccatagagattatcaagagcatttagataaagcaaatatcaggtgcaacgttttaaatgaa
>gene_44181|RepA
atgaaagggtcacaattaaaagacaaaaagacagacacaagaacaagagcatggtcgtttcttctgtatcctgaaagcttacctgttgattggaaagtttacctggaaaggtggcaaacccctattgctataagtcctcttcatgacaaagatgtttatgaagaagattctgaaactcataaggctggtgaattgaaaaaacctcattatcattgcatagtatggtttgatgttaaaacaagctttaagtttgtttctgaactgcttagccatttaaatgcgcctattcctcaaaaatgcaatagcccttattcggctgtaagatactttattcatcttgataataaagat
>gene_45889|TraG/TraD family
atgcaggcaaacagcagctatgtcattctcgatccgaagggagagattctgcgtgatacaggaaatcttctgaaagacaaaggttatgacattaaggttctcgaccttatcaatatggataagagccattgctacaatccgtttgtctatatccgtgatgacaacgatattcagaagcttgtcactaacattttcaagaacacaacgccaaagggcagtcagagtcaggacccgttctgggatcaggcggcaatgatgctgcttcttgcgcttatgttctatctgcactatgaagcacccgaaaatgagcagaacttcccaatggtgcttgagatgatacgagccggtgaagtccgtgaagacaacgacggttttcagtcgccgctggacgatctgttcaagcgattggagcatcgcaacccggaacatatcgcactcaagtattacaagaactataggagcggttcggctaaaactctgaaatccattcagatcacgcttgtcgccagacttgaaaagtttaaccttgattcgcttgccggaattacgcagacggacgagttgaaccttgctaatattggagaaaagaagacagcgatctttgcggtcatcccggat
>gene_57061|conjugal transfer protein TraJ
atggaacagaattacaagacagcaaggatagaaaacgaaattgcgatggagcttgtccaggaacttgaaaagaatgatattaagacggtctggagtaagcaaaatggatatgtcctggtcaagatattagattgcgatttgatgttggcaaatcagattctgcacagaatccgtaaggaatacaaagcgaaagttgaatttgaaaacaagctaaatgacttgattccgcatcaagaactgcttcaggacttcaagcctaagcagaaactatctcgtccgaaccaaatcatcacgagggtttctgatgatgaaagagatttgattaaagaacgtgttgcagagtcgggtctgaatcaatcagaatatgcccgtaagatgatgctgcagggaaaagtcgtgagccgaaaaatcccatcagaactgcaagaatccattctgacagttttagatctaaaagcagaactcggaaaaattggtgggttgttgaagtcagccattaaaccgaacttggagaaccaccaacttacttcagaggatatggagctgataagaggagaggttgcgaagctcgatgagcttaaggcagccatttacgatgaggtgagaaaatggcaatcgtaa
>gene_39522|replication protein RepB
atgcaagataaagcaaaatattggtggggggttctctatccagaaaatatgataagcaaatgggaagaagaaattgctgacttgattcaattgccatttgcttattgcaagcatacacttgataaggacttaaagagcgaacatagaaaagatcatatacatttaattattgcttgtaataatacaacaacttataattgggcttttgatttgtttgataaattaagtgcagatggcagaaaagcacttaataaaattgaagcaatacaaagtatcagatatgcttatgattatctgatacatgatactgaagcctgtagaaaaaaaggaaaagaattatatcctgtatctgatagaatacttggaaataattttgatattggtgcttatgagcaaatatcaatgcaagaagaagatgagatgaaattagaacttataactgaaattgcaaaaaatggttttatggatatgatagattttactcaatttgtgcagttaagttatgatacaaaatacgttaaattaatattacataatgcaagtctatttgagcgatacactaaaagtaattatcaaaaatgggaacgagccaacaaaactactcgtcctataagggaatag
>gene_27511|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagtgtacaaaaatttactgcgtcggcagtggtgaatcagctccgacacatcgagcgcacgatcgagcacccatccaatacggacatagatcctatgctgcagcacaataattattctctagctccggatcgagggatgactgcctataaatattataaagcgagaaaatcagagttgtattgttataaacgagcagatgttaaggtcatggccggatgggtggtaacggcaccggtcgatcttcctgcagatcagcaccgcctgttttttgaagaggtccacaccttcctggctaatcgctacggcatagagaattgcgtccagtcgatagtccataatgacgagagtgggcagcctcatttgcactattatttcatcccggcggtgccggatccgaagcatggtggagagaagatctgcgctaatgaagtgttgacgagagatgaatatcgtattttccatgcagatctgcagcgtcatcttgcggcaaagggcattgctgccgatgttaatagtgggatcacgaaagcccagggcggcaacaaaagggtatggcagctgaagcaggagcgtcagctgcagcacgagcaggcaatagagagagggcggtggtag
>gene_56058|Plasmid replication protein
atggctgataaaaagaaagatagtcgaactcgtaattggaccattgttatatatcctgacagtgcaccatataattggcgagatattatagacgattggcacattgaatgggtcgagagtccattgcatgagtatgatactaatgcagatggtacgccaaagaaaccacattggcacgttttattgatgttcgggggagtgaaaacatacgaacaggttcgtgaaatgacggatgttttatgttgtcctatccctacacgagtacataatgcaaaagcacttgttagatatatggcacatttggataatccggataaagcacaatatcaaatttccgatattgtttctcatggtggtgtagacgttgccgatttgctcaagccttctagtagtgaacgctatacgtatatcagagaaatgcaagcctggtgtaatgagaacaacatcactgagttcaatgagttgtttgattatgctgcggaatgtcgttttgatgattggtttccattgctttgtgatagttgttgctatgtaatgacagcttttctaaaaagtaaaagacataatccaagaacttctgcagaagtaaatattgatactgaaacaggggaaatattatag
>gene_21328|RepH
atgtcaaagagcagatattatgcattcttgttataccctgaatcaattaatcctgaatggaaggaaattcttacgtctttacaacaacctatcttctggatattacatgataaagactttgaaaaaaccgaagatggtgttgttgtacccaaaaagccacattaccacattttattaatgtttgataatcctcgtagtgatgtatcaatctctaaattagcagtcaaatgtggtggcaatggacatttagaaaccgttttatcggctaaaggatacgctcgatatcttattcatatggataaccccgaaaaatatcaatatgatgaacaaaaagtttattcaatctgcggagcagattataaaaaaatgacacaaactaatgaggaaaaaaatactagtaaactaattatgcttacggaagttcttcgatttattgatgataatcaaattgaaatatattcggatctgatacgttattgcgcaaaaaatcgccctgattggttagagcttttagttacttatactgggcaaactattaaagactacatcaaatcagaagcttttgcttccaaagcagtaaaaaatggtgtaaattataatcgtttctattttgattag
>gene_52384|Replication initiation protein
atgctggcaaaaaccgcccgatttgactggtatcagtccactgttgccatccagtgcccggaggaatccggccttgtttcggcactccttcgcgcatggcctctctccgactggaagcaggctaaaaacctcaacggatacacgcacggcggtgcaattgttcgtggtgatcggacgctctgccatgtctgctggggcggtcaattgggcgtcaactgtaaaaccacctccgatgaatcgccggtccttgctgcggctctcgctgcgttcggcaaacagcatctgccaacgcggattgactcatgcgtcgattgggtcgaggaagggctattcgactctctagcggctcatctgatcgagttcgctcgcgccaaccgtctagcaatcaatcagcagggcgattggtccaggggcgaggctcggacgctctacatcggctccaaggattcaccggttcggctggtcatctacgagaaaggatacgagcaaggtggcgacgctccccgcgattgggtccgcatggaggctcgcataaggccaaagcgtgaacatcgcgccatggtgtctggttgggatgcttccatggtcttcaacgctcaatggctcccagacgct
>gene_7465|Protein rep
atgaagggatacttcaatttgatgcacaagaagaatgaaatcaagagggttatcaagggggcatttcgggctttagaagtgacatataacagcaatcctaaaagtcaagcttatgacacatttcacccccattttcactgtattcttatggtcaataagagttatttttcaggagaaggtgacaaatatataagccaaaagagatttatcgaattatggcgtgaaagtcttggtattgattatgatcctgtaattgatattcgcagaataggagacagttcatgcaatcttaaaaaagctgtatcagagacagcaaagtatagcgtaaaggatgcagaccttctgcatgaggatgaaaacataatggacaaggttatatttaccctggacaatgcccttgccggcagaaggcttgtatcattcagcggaaggttcaaggaaatttttaaggcgttaaggcttgatgatgccatggacggtgatctgatccgtgtcggtgatgaggttcttcatgagcaagacgccataggacgtgtaagatacgcctttaactatgaatggtatgactattacaggataaatgattgtttcgagtttgtaaggcaaaaacgggcgtga
>gene_34090|Replication protein RepB
atggcaaatatagcaaaaagtacaaagcaacgagagcagcgcttcctgtcttggacagctgtggtctatccaggcgagagcctgcccgaggattggcaaaacacccttaacggtcttatggtacgttgggcagcctctcccgtgcatgacaaggacatcaaccccgacggaaccccaaagaagcctcacaggcacatcttactggctttccgcacggtcaagacatacgaacagaccaaggaaattacggacaggcttggcggcaccattccgcagccctgccgagacacccgtggtctagtccgctatttcctgcaccttgacaaccccgagaaagcaccatacgagcgcaaggacattgtggctggaggcggctttgacctagaggacgcactgaagcccacaggcagcgaggaagaggacattctggacgagatgtgccagtttatcgaggataactggattgtggagttttgcgatttcaacagctacgtaagacacgagcgcaaggagtggcgaggactgcttcgcaagaactgcttctacctgtgccaaatcatcaagagccagcgctgcaagcagcagctgcagcaggcgcaacaggcacaaccgaattaa
>gene_34651|Replication protein repB
atggcaaatatagcaaaaagtacaaagcaacgagagcagcgcttcctgtcttggacagctgtggtctatccaggcgagagcctgcccgaggattggcaaaacacccttaacggtcttatggtacgttgggcagcctctcccgtgcatgacaaggacatcaaccccgacggaaccccaaagaagcctcacaggcacatcttactggctttccgcacggtcaagacatacgaacagaccaaggaaattacggacaggcttggcggcaccattccgcagccctgccgagacacccgtggtctagtccgctatttcctgcaccttgacaaccccgagaaagca
>gene_35514|Replication protein RepB
atggcaaatatagcaaaaagtacaaagcaacgagagcagcgcttcctgtcttggacagctgtggtctatccaggcgagagcctgcccgaggattggcaaaacacccttaacggtcttatggtacgttgggcagcctctcccgtgcatgacaaggacatcaaccccgacggaaccccaaagaagcctcacaggcacatcttactggctttccgcacggtcaagacatacgaacagaccaaggaaattacggacaggcttggcggcaccattccgcagccctgccgagacacccgtggtctagtccgctatttcctgcaccttgacaaccccgagaaagcaccatacgagcgcaaggacattgtggctggaggcggctttgacctagaggacgcactgaagcccacaggcagcgaggaagaggacattctggacgagatgtgccagtttatcgaggataactggattgtggagttttgcgatttcaacagctacgtaagacacgagcgcaaggagtggcgaggactgcttcgcaagaactgcttctacctgtgccaaatcatcaagagccagcgctgcaagcagcagctgcagcaggcgcaacaggcacaaccgaattaa
>gene_54963|RepB
atggcaaatatagcaaaaagtacaaagcaacgagagcagcgcttcctgtcttggacagctgtggtctatccaggcgagagcctgcccgaggattggcaaaacacccttaacggtcttatggtacgttgggcagcctctcccgtgcatgacaaggacatcaaccccgacggaaccccaaagaagcctcacaggcacatcttactggctttccgcacggtcaagacatacgaacagaccaaggaaattacggacaggcttggcggcaccattccgcagccctgccgagacacccgtggtctagtccgctatttcctgcaccttgacaaccccgagaaagcaccatacgagcgcaaggacattgtggctggaggcggctttgacctagaggacgcactgaagcccacaggcagcgaggaagaggacattctggacgagatgtgccagtttatcgaggataactggattgtggagttttgcgatttcaacagctacgtaagacacgagcgcaaggagtggcgaggactgcttcgcaagaactgcttctacctgtgccaaatcatcaagagccagcgctgcaagcagcagctgcagcaggcg
>gene_15690|Replication protein
atgagtacgaaaagttcaactaaccgtacaagaaactatgcaaccgtagtttatccggagagcgcaccggataattggaaaagtattttagcagagcattttataccggcatttataagcccactgcatgaaaacgatataaaccctactggagagcctaaaaagccccattaccatgtgattttaatgttcgatagtgtaaagaccatagaacaagcccgagaggtatttagcaccataaacggagtgggatgtgaagtggtaaaatcaatcagaggatatgcaagatatttatgtcatttggataatcctgaaaaagcacagtatgacccctctcaagtaacgtctttatgcggtgctgattatatgagcacaatagggcttgccagtgataaatatagcgccctttcagaaatgcaggatttttgcgataaatacaaggtcgtgtcgttttacaaacttgctaagtatgcacgtctacatagacccgactggcataggattttgtgtgactgtggcgcagtgttcatgcgtgaatatttgaaaagtaaagagtggtctgaaaagaatgacccttgcgagattgtagaccccgaaactggagaaattttaacatag
>gene_33297|replication protein RepB, partial
atggctgaaaaggctaggtactggtgtgcaatcttatatcctgagaatatgattgacacatggacggatgacattggacatcttttgcagatgcccgcttgctatggtttgcatgatagttgctttgagaaggatggtaagacaccaagaaaaacgcatatacatttggttttgccgtttcttggtcctgttacacaaagtaacgtaatcaacatagccaacaaattatcgaaaccaggtatgaagtgttgttcgactgctgaggtaatcaacaacatgaaatacatgtacgattatcttttgcatgatacagaagatgctcgtaagaaacacaaaacgcaatatgacaaatctcatagggtttgtttgaatggatttgatattggtgtttacgagcaaatcagtttgcaagacaagttggatatgaccaaagagctttgcgatgtcatcgtaaaagaagggcatacgaattttttagatttttatgttttcgtaacaaaaaattttgataacaagtattttgaaattcttgagagcaaaagtgctttgtttgagagaatgacaaaaagcaattatcaaaaaaaatacggacaatcccagaaggggtcaaggggttaa
>gene_45319|replication protein RepB, partial
atggctgaaaaggctaggtactggtgtgcaatcttatatcctgagaatatgattgacacatggacggatgacattggacatcttttgcagatgcccgcttgctatggtttgcatgatagttgctttgagaaggatggtaagacaccaagaaaaacgcatatacatttggttttgccgtttcttggtcctgttacacaaagtaacgtaatcaacatagccaacaaattatcgaaaccaggtatgaagtgttgttcgactgctgaggtaatcaacaacatgaaatacatgtacgattatcttttgcatgatacagaagatgctcgtaagaaacacaaaacgcaatatgacaaatctcatagggtttgtttgaatggatttgatattggtgtttacgagcaaatcagtttgcaagacaagttggatatgaccaaagagctttgcgatgtcatcgtaaaagaagggcatacgaattttttagatttttatgttttcgtaacaaaaaattttgataacaagtattttgaaattcttgagagcaaaagtgctttgtttgagagaatgacaaaaagcaattatcaaaaaaaatacggacaatcccagaaggggtcaaggggttaa
>gene_36741|replication protein RepB, partial
atggctgaaaaggctaggtactggtgtgcaatcttatatcctgagaatatgattgacacatggacggatgacattggacatcttttgcagatgcccgcttgctatggtttgcatgatagttgctttgagaaggatggtaagacaccaagaaaaacgcatatacatttggttttgccgtttcttggtcctgttacacaaagtaacgtaatcaacatagccaacaaattatcgaaaccaggtatgaagtgttgttcgactgctgaggtaatcaacaacatgaaatacatgtacgattatcttttgcatgatacagaagatgctcgtaagaaacacaaaacgcaatatgacaaatctcatagggtttgtttgaatggatttgatattggtgtttacgagcaaatcagtttgcaagacaagttggatatgaccaaagagctttgcgatgtcatcgtaaaagaagggcatacgaattttttagatttttatgttttcgtaacaaaaaattttgataacaagtattttgaaattcttgagagcaaaagtgctttgtttgagagaatgacaaaaagcaattatcaaaaaaaatacggacaatcccagaaggggtcaaggggttaa
>gene_29517|replication protein RepB, partial
atggctgaaaaggctaggtactggtgtgcaatcttatatcctgagaatatgattgacacatggacggatgacattggacatcttttgcagatgcccgcttgctatggtttgcatgatagttgctttgagaaggatggtaagacaccaagaaaaacgcatatacatttggttttgccgtttcttggtcctgttacacaaagtaacgtaatcaacatagccaacaaattatcgaaaccaggtatgaagtgttgttcgactgctgaggtaatcaacaacatgaaatacatgtacgattatcttttgcatgatacagaagatgctcgtaagaaacacaaaacgcaatatgacaaatctcatagggtttgtttgaatggatttgatattggtgtttacgagcaaatcagtttgcaagacaagttggatatgaccaaagagctttgcgatgtcatcgtaaaagaagggcatacgaattttttagatttttatgttttcgtaacaaaaaattttgataacaagtattttgaaattcttgagagcaaaagtgctttgtttgagagaatgacaaaaagcaattatcaaaaaaaatacggacaatcccagaaggggtcaaggggttaa
>gene_17859|Mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgagctatcaagttgtacgagtacaaagcttcacgaaaggaagcttgaaaaacattcttgccgagaacgacagaacggacggagaggttaagaatgttgggcgtgatgaaacgctcgctcacctcaatcacagttataaagatttgaagtcaggcggtgcttatgcaacattcgaccaaatcttaaaagagtgtggttgcaagccgttcgttgacaagaaaaaagctgttgcttttgagggagttgtggtaactgcaagcccagaattttttgagcaattagggtgggtaaagggtgaacctgcacccgaagcggtaaaagaatattttgataaagcgtatgcacttgttcttgaacaatttgggttcagagggacggataaaaacattttgtctgcaaaggtgcattatgatgaaacaactccgcatttgcaagttgattatatcccgatagtcgagaattacaagaaaaaagtttatgaaaaagacgaggacggaaaggttttacgttccgagagaggcacaccgatacaggcaaaagatgaaaatggaaaaacacttttcgaggaaataaaaggtgttccgaaagtggctcgtgctgacttttggagagagcgtggcggtaagaatagctatacaaaattgcaagatactttttacgaaaaacttggaaaagggtatggtttagagcgaggcgaggtaggttcaaacgccgaacacgaaactaatcatcagtatcacaaaagacagcaagaagcagagcttgcagagatttcggagcaagcgagagtagctcgtttgaatgaaatcaagacaacacccagacctgtgtttcttgaacatcgttcctatccgcctgcacctgaaacaaagtatcaagtgtatagcaagcaagaagaacgagagtataagaagcaatggagcgactacaaatccgcttgccgtgatgttgataagcacaataaagaggttgataaacagaacgagaaaatcaagctcctgcaagaagaatgggataggatagagtcgcccttgcaaatgctccgtgatgaagcggaacggctcgaaatacagcgtaagaagcaagaggcggtagaggttcagcaacagcagacagccgaagctctgaaccgtcgggaacaagaaattcccgaagaaattgaaaaggggataaaggcacagcttgcacgctctgaacagtatgcaggtttccgcacaaatcagcaggcttcacaggcatatcagcagaagctccaagagatattcgcaagagcgaaagaaaggaatgagcaatatgacaatcaatctgttagcacagagcaaaaccgtagtcaacgcacaaagcaagataaagagtttggggataggtaa
>gene_16808|Replication protein
atgcgaggtgattacatggttgataaaagaaaaaaggtcaatcgctattcagaggacgttttcgaatctcttcagaacgatcgtgacttatctgttgtcaaacgggatgacatgatccagaaagcacgtctttcactgacggttcaggaacaacgctgcgtactttacgccataacgaaaatcaagccggaggataaggctttttccgagtacaccttcgacattaaatatttttacgagttatgtggagttgaaaatcgtagctatacaagacttaaacaaatcttacgagatctctcagacaagagctggtggatcgtaaccgaccgagagaagggagaggagagcttggttcgctggttctccacactgaaggtcagtcagaaatccggaaaggtcacgctgaaatttcatgaagatatgatgccctacttgctggaacttgcaaaacagggaagaaacggcgagtttttcacccagtatggcttgagatttgtgctgcccatgcggagtcagtttagccctcgactctatgagctcctcaagtcatatcaaaagaataaccaccgatggtattttgcagtagatgacttaagatatctcttggattgccag
>gene_48212|Rep50
atggcggaaaaaaagacaagaggacatgaccgcacccgtgtgtggtctgccatcgtataccctgaaagtgcacctgcaaattggcgtgagattcttgacgatgagcatatcgaatgggcagaaagcccgctgcatgagttcgatgtcaatcctacgggtgaagtcaagaaagctcactggcacatcgtgctgtgctttgaaggacctaagagtttcgagcaagtgcagcagctgcttgagcctttgaactgtccctaccctcaacgctaccacgctctgaagggtgcagttcggtattttatccatctcgataaccccgaaaagcaccagtatagccgcgctgatattgtcgggcatggtggctttgatgttgaggctgcgcttgtcccttcttcggctgaacgctataagctgattgccgaaatgatggattttgtcaacgataacggtatcatcgagatgcaagatttgtacgactacgctcgtgcaaaccgtttccatgattggcatccgctgctctgcgatagtgcgaccgttgtgatgtcgaagttcgtcgcaagccgtcgacaccgtgcagaagcccctcagaggcgttctaacccccgtgatgatgattga
>gene_34399|Rep
atggaccagatgaagatgcagctccccatggataagtgggagaagctttatagggaaaaagaggtgtggctggatacataccttgagagagtgacgccagaggagttctatcgggacctttggccagaggggacgtttgaacggcttggagagtatgaggatcggaagaataacggcctggctttggcgatcgaggcgaagggaaaagcacggcacacggtgattacggacggtctggagcagctggaggatcttctgaaggaggacttcgtgatcacatcgccgatcggctactatggtcgccggagatccggaaataatgctcggtatgcctatgccattgccttcgatcttgacggtgtcgaaatgccgcagctccgcgatgtcgatcatcagatgcggatgcagatcatcccgcaggcgacctatatcgtcaattccggcagagggctgcacctgtattatttccttgagaagccggcgatcctgctgccaacggtccagaagaccctgaaggagctgaagtatgccctgaccaaagaagtgatttggaaccgcttcacgtccaccaggaaggaggcggaggtccaggggatcctgcaggggttccgaatggtggggagtccgtcgaagatgggtccggagtatcccgtgacggcctatcgctgggggcagggaaagaaggtctcgctggattatctggtggaggcgctgccgtcttcgagccggaagaaggtcttcgatatgatttcggcgctggaaggccgtggcctggagcaggcgaaggagaagtggccggagtggtaccagcgcaggattgtcgagaagcagccgcgcggccgctggacggtcaagagagatctctacgattggtggctgagggagatccgagacaagattaccgtggggcaccgtttctacggcgtgatgacgttggccatctatgcggtcaagtgcgggatctccgaggaggagctgcgaagagacgcctattcgctgctgcagccgtatgatagcatgagtaccgaggacgtcaatcggttcaccgaggacgacatcgaggcggcgctgcacatctaccaagagtgctatacgacattcccgcgggacgacatcgcaaagctgacgggcatttctatgacgcccaacaagcggaatgggcgaaagagagcggttcaccttggtcgagcgagagcagtgcaggccttcgatgatccagaggggaattggagaaacaaggcggggcagccaacaaaggaacagcaggtgctggagcttcgagcagcgcatccggaggcgtcgatcagcgagctctccaggatctccggtatttcgcggccgaccctttacaagtacctgaaaacggagtaa
>gene_6460|Putative plasmid replication protein
atggcaacaaaatcacgttattgggtcgcactcatgtatcttgaaaacatggtagatgagtggcaggacaggatttgtgaacttttacaagttccgtttgcctattgcattcacgataaggacttggaaaaggacgggaagacaccccgtaagccacacgttcacgttatgattgcatacggtggtcctactacagacaagcaggcattaagtgttttcaagcaacttgaaaagcaaggacgctctgcgatccctaatgatgtcatccaacaggtctattctgttcgaaatcagtatgactatctgatacacgatacagaggatagcaggaagaaacataaacacctttatgacaaatccgaacgtattacaggtaatggatttgatatcggtgcttacgaacaaatttcgactgctgacaaacttcggatgaaaaaagaacttgctaacgtaatctgtgaaaatggatttacgaactacatggatttttataaattcgtggttagcaacttggatgatgattactttgatttgatgtcaagtcatacatcatttttcaaagaattggttaagggtaattacttcgaaaagtatcataccggattacaggctttatag
>gene_40070|MobA/MobL family protein
atgagaggagtgcatccgcagatgcagaacttcgtccgcatgtataagctgcctaacatcgtaggcaagtcacagtacattaccaatgctactcatcagcacgaagataccgatgtactctgcacaggaggtgcagtcaccactccggaagaatggtcactctatgcactctatgagcaagctaataagcgaacatataagaacaataatgagggccgagaattggttatctcactcccgaacgaatggtgtgaccgctctgaccttgccgaacaggctgataagctgtctacaacggcaataggcaaggataccgactatcaatgggcggtacactggaatgaaagtcacactaatctgcatctgcacgtcattttctcggaaagaataaaaacatcaaaacagtgtactgacgtatgggatcgtgatatattcctcactccagaaggcaaagtcgcaagaagaaaggctgacagagccaaggacaagaacggcaaggatctaccacctattcactgcaagggcgatctgaagcagtctgatacgactcctgtgttcactccgaaagacaagaaatacaagtcaggccactggcttgacgaagtcaaggaacgt
>gene_49207|Replication protein
gggtatgccgggcgtattacttctactgagattaactggggtgtttctgccggatggcacccgcatcagcatgttttaattttttctgatcgtgcctttattgatcctgatttcttttctaaaaggtggattgcttctcttatgaaatgcggcctgggtggtaataaggatgttgctttggatattattgaagcgcgttcttgtgataagtatttatcaaaaatttcttctgaaatggctctttccaatttgaaggacgggcgcggtaccggtcattttgcaccatttcagctgggttttgaatacatggatggtaatttgaaattcggggatctgtttatggagatgtttaagaatgcaaagggtttttctcctttgcgttggtctcgtggtctgaaagaccggctttccttgaatgaagtttctgatgaagatattcttgaagataaggtgcagccgtatatcctttggggtggtttgaatgcggaagtttttccctgtctgactccggagaataaagcaatgtttcgtatctttgcttcccgtgatgatcggaacgcttttcataattatcttgaatcggtattgaagataatcatgagagagaaaaaaaggtag
>gene_56995|Replication protein
atgaacagtgaaaaatcaagagacacacggactagaaactttgctactgtggtctatccggagtcagctccggaagattggcaagatattttagccaggcattgcataccggctttcattagtccattacatgataaagatatcaaccctacaggagaacccaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttgttttgatgtttgaagggaagaaaagtatagcgcaagtcgcagaagtgtttagcacaatcaatggagtggggtgtgaggtagttaaaagccttagaggatatgcaaggtatctctgccatttagataaccctgaaaaagcacaatatgagccttcagacgtgcgttgcatagcatcggattacataggaaccataggacttgctattgataaatacgtagcactttcagaaatgcaagatttttgtgataaatataacgttgtttcgttctacgcattagcgaagtatgcgagg
>gene_16707|Replication protein
cgtgatactggttggtggaaagttagccttgaagattttagaaagctgctcgatgtaccaaaatcctatactaatgcggaaatgacaagaaaagtcttaacccctattcaagcggaactaccagcacactttgaaggctttaatatgacaaagataagaggaaagggtagaggtaagccttttataggacttgaattcagcttcgttccgcaggaagaccttttcacatcagaagaacgccaagatacatacgctgacaatatgaccaagaaagtgaagaaggaaatccagcggaacgcaaagagtgaatataaaccgacagggcatacctgtccagactgcggacaaccactttatgagaaggttatcaatggaagctgctgctggtgtcacatcgatgggtggcaagaaggagcaaagtgcagcaggatatttaacactattgcagaaattcatggctataaagaacagcccacccgtgccgatcagaaagaaccgaaagaaaaaaaacgaaagcaaacctttttgcagaaactcatggatagaaacagcaaagaaagggcggcggagatggctgatttgaaaaaaacgattaatgagaacaatttgttcggatag
>gene_39826|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagttttacatgcgtttcaccttatgttgctgtcaatctttataagaagaagaatgatggtaaaatgcttcttaagtttttttcaaaaaagaagatagattttaatcctgaagaacttataaaaaaatatggatctgataatgtcttttttttcccttgttgtaagtgtgaaaattgcaggagaaattatgctgaaaattgggctataagatgcactcttgaatctaaaatgcatccttttaattattttattacattgacttatgatgaacagcatattcaatactcttgtattgaagatttaagaaagttttttgaccgtttatctggttttaaacatgaaaataagtttaagttttttgcatgtatggagaaaggtgaaaatactcagagaaatcattttcatattgttttgttttctgattttgagcttgatttaatcgagcctcaatggattagtggtttttattattatcatagtaaaaagataagtgatttatggacttttggatttcataatgtagccccttttgaaagtagttgtgctcgttatgttgcaaaatatacatcaaaaaataaatctaaaattattatgtcccgtaatttgggattg
>gene_34627|Rep50
atgactgaaaaaaagacaaggggtagtgatcgcactcgcaactggtctgtgatcgtgtatcctgaaagtgctcctgaaaactggcgtgattacctggacgatcttcaccttgaatggatcgagagccccctccatgagttcgacgtcaatcccgatggcgaggtaaaaaaggcccactggcatgtccttctgctgttcggtggtgtaaagtcctatgaacaggttctggacatcgtcaagccccttaactgtccgatccctcagagatgccacaatgcaaaagcacaagtgcgatatatggcccacctggacaatcctgacaagtatcaataccgggtgtctgatattcgccctcatggcggcgtggatctcgctgagctgctccggccgtcctcatctgagcggtataccatcgttgctgatatgatgcagtgggtacgggataaccggatcactgaatatgccgatctggttgagttcgctatggacgagcatcgtgatgactggttccctgccctctgtgatagctgctctatcgtcatgagcacctacatcaagtcctgtaggtatcgtgccgaggccgtgtctcgctcaagcgaagcgagcgtgacacgctga
>gene_34123|Rep50
ggtagtgatcgcactcgcaactggtctgtgatcgtgtatcctgaaagtgctcctgaaaactggcgtgattacctggacgatcttcaccttgaatggatcgagagccccctccatgagttcgacgtcaatcccgatggcgaggtaaaaaaggcccactggcatgtccttctgctgttcggtggtgtaaagtcctatgaacaggttctggacatcgtcaagccccttaactgtccgatccctcagagatgccacaatgcaaaagcacaagtgcgatatatggcccacctggacaatcctgacaagtatcaataccgggtgtctgatattcgccctcatggcggcgtggatctcgctgagctgctccggccgtcctcatctgagcggtataccatcgttgctgatatgatgcagtgggtacgggataaccggatcactgaatatgccgatctggttgagttcgctatggacgagcatcgtgatgactggttccctgccctctgtgatagctgctctatcgtcatgagcacctacatcaagtcctgtaggtatcgtgccgaggccgtgtctcgctcaagcgaagcgagcgtgacacgctga
>gene_5495|plasmid replication protein
atgagcaaatctgtcaagaaacgtcactgggcgtttgtcctctatcctgagagtgcgcctgagaattggtttgagcttttggaaaagtcgggacttcaaggagctattagcccgctgcatgataaagatattgattcgaccggtgaaaaagctgaaccgaagaagccacattatcacgtcatgctctgctatgcaggccctacaacatttagtgcagtaaaatcatttactgatagtcttaaacagcctattcctcaaccacttgaaagcgttcgaggttattatcgttatttgacacacaaagataatccagataagtatcaatacaaggaagaagaaattcgggtattcggtggtttttgcattgatgattttgtcgagctgagcaagtccgaagtcctggcgattgtcaggaaacttcatcagtatatccgagatgcttcgatatttgagtatagcgacttcctcgattcacttcttgattgtgacatgatgcaagagtatgacgttgctacaagtcatacaatgatgtttaaagcatatttggatagtcgccgttacaagagagataatggtggcttctcgcaagctcagagccacgctcagagcgaggaataa
>gene_57398|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaactagacgtactagaacttgggctactgtggtatatccagagtcttgtgtcgacaagtggcaagaagttttggctggcgagtgtgtgccggcgatcatatcaccactacacgataaggatattaacccagacggaacgccgaaaaaaccacattggcacgtgatgtttttattcgctggccctaagtcgcaacaacaagtatccgagttatgtaacaagataggtggtgtattacctatccccatacaagacgctagatcaatggctcgttatttcatacataaggataatcccagcaagtaccagtatgacgaaaaagatattgtttgtctatctggtgctgactattacgatatgacattgactagcaaggatagatatgaggcgttggctgaaattataacttatttaaaagacaacaaagtgatgtattactccgatttgcttgactattgtcttgactcggataacttacgctggtttaaggtttgtagcgataacactgttttgttgcgtgggtactgtgtgtcggctagcacgaagaaaaaggacttggaagatgtacgtcaacttaacacaata
>gene_27827|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaactagacgtactagaacttgggctactgtggtatatccagagtcttgtgtcgacaagtggcaagaagttttggctggcgagtgtgtgccggcgatcatatcaccactacacgataaggatattaacccagacggaacgccgaaaaaaccacattggcacgtgatgtttttattcgctggccctaagtcgcaacaacaagtatccgagttatgtaacaagataggtggtgtattacctatccccatacaagacgctagatcaatggctcgttatttcatacataaggataatcccagcaagtaccagtatgacgaaaaagatattgtttgtctatctggtgctgactattacgatatgacattgactagcaaggatagatatgaggcgttggctgaaattataacttatttaaaagacaacaaagtgatgtattactccgatttgcttgactattgtcttgactcggataacttacgctggtttaaggtttgtagcgataacactgttttgttgcgtgggtactgtgtgtcggctagcacgaagaaaaaggacttggaagatgtacgtcaacttaacacaataccaactcgaccaactcaacattatacgtag
>gene_56149|Replication protein repB
atggctgtaactagaacacgtaattttatgactattgtctaccctgacagttgtccagaaaattggcgatccatactagctgagtgttgtgtgccggcgattgtctcgccactacatgatcaagacaagaacgctgacgacactccgaaaaaagcacactggcacgttatgttgatgttcgccggcccgaaaacaaccgaacaagtccaacgtatctgtgataagtttggtggtattcagtgtaagccggttagtaacacacaaagtatggcacgttattttgtacatatggacaacccagataaagcccagtataacccagatgaaatcgagtgttattctggtgctgactggtgggagatcgtcaagacatcaagagatcggtacgacgctttggctgagatcaccgattttgtccacgaaaagaaaatgtttagttattctgacttagtcagatattgtcgactaaacaaccggcgttggtttgaggtatgttgtgataacactgtctttttgagagagttttgtaagtctggtgattggacggaaagacagaaagatgtttgtcaatttaactcagtaccaaatagatcaactcaacttgatcagacgtaa
>gene_29377|Replication protein repB
atggctgtaactagaacacgtaattttatgactattgtctaccctgacagttgtccagaaaattggcgatccatactagctgagtgttgtgtgccggcgattgtctcgccactacatgatcaagacaagaacgctgacgacactccgaaaaaagcacactggcacgttatgttgatgttcgccggcccgaaaacaaccgaacaagtccaacgtatctgtgataagtttggtggtattcagtgtaagccggttagtaacacacaaagtatggcacgttattttgtacatatggacaacccagataaagcccagtataacccagatgaaatcgagtgttattctggtgctgactggtgggagatcgtcaagacatcaagagatcggtacgacgctttggctgagatcaccgattttgtccacgaaaagaaaatgtttagttattctgacttagtcagatattgtcgactaaacaaccggcgttggtttgaggtatgttgtgataacactgtctttttgagagagttttgtaagtctggtgattggacggaaagacagaaagatgtttgtcaatttaactcagtaccaaatagatcaactcaacttgatcagacgtaa
>gene_13308|replication protein RepB
atgttgatgttcgccggcccgaaaacaaccgaacaagtccaacgtatctgtgataagtttggtggtattcagtgtaagccggttagtaacacacaaagtatggcacgttattttgtacatatggacaacccagataaagcccagtataacccagatgaaatcgagtgttattctggtgctgactggtgggagatcgtcaagacatcaagagatcggtacgacgctttggctgagatcaccgattttgtccacgaaaagaaaatgtttagttattctgacttagtcagatattgtcgactaaacaaccggcgttggtttgaggtatgttgtgataacactgtctttttgagagagttttgtaagtctggtgattggacggaaagacagaaagatgtttgtcaatttaactcagtaccaaatagatcaactcaacttgatcagacgtaa
>gene_51613|Replication initiation factor
gtgttcagaaaggtgaaacctgccttttatggcggtggtgagctattggagcttgggccggagattcaggggaaggatggttggcagtttcggcgccaactgatgatggctgatctgcatgttgcctcaatcgactacggaggggactcacagcgaggctggacgcgatttgacatgtctggcaaggggtgcgtgtgggtagaggattggaacgcgctagagggcgttaaaacggctctgttgaactgcgaacttcgacgtctggatatctgcttggataccttcgatggctctgtgacgcatgaaatggttttggaggctcatgaacaaggcgagttcaagaggccagagggtggaaggaatccgaagctgaagaaagtggagagttcctgtgcaactgacggcagaacgatctatgtcggtggaaggtcgtcttaccgcttcatccgttgttacgaaaagggatgggagcaggttggaaagatgggaatcccagagacgtttttgaagccaggtctaaaagtcgcatttgaaggcgaaatggtgaggccggaggattactaccgtgttgaggttgagttcaaggcaactgacgagatggtgattccgtgg
>gene_55609|Replication protein repB
atggcagaaaaaaaatcaaatacgagccttagggtgcgtaattttgccactgtagtatatccggaatcagctccggaagattggcaagaaattttatcgcaagaatttattcctgcgtttatatctccattacataactcggatattaacccaggtggagaaccgaaaaaagaacattatcatgtagtgcttatgtttgatggtaaaaagtctatcgaacaagccacagaagtatttaaaaaaattggtggtgtaggttgtgaagtcgtacaatcaatcagaggttactcacgttatttgtgccacctagacaatcctgagaaggctcagtacaacgtggatgaagtccgttctctgtgtggtgctgactataatcatgttatcggtttagctatcgacaagtataaagcaattagagaaatgatacagtattgcaaggataacaaggtgtattcttatgcagagttgttcgagtattgcatggaagaacgttccgattggtttcgcgttctttgtgacaatggcagctacgttatggacatgtacttgaagtcaaaacattggactgataacaacaaaaaattcgatacagaaacgggggagatatatgactaa
>gene_38331|chromosome partitioning protein ParB
gatgaggcagtaatcatgatggtagacagcaatcttcaaagagagaatatcctgccaagcgaaaaagcaaaagcttataaaatgaagcttgatgccatacgtcgccaagcaggaagaccgtccaaagaaaatgtgtgccaagttggcacagatttacgaggagtcagatcaagtggaattgttggtgctgccaacgaggaaagcgcccgcacggtcgctcgatacgttagacttactgagctcaaaccggagcttcagaaaatggtggatgaaaagaaaatggcgatcacgcctgcggttgaaatttcctatctcaaacccgatgagcagaagctcctgatcgacaccatggacagcgagcagaccaccccttctctctcacaggcgcagcggctcaaaaagctctcacaggagggcaagctcaatgacgataccatgttggacattatgatggagcagaaaaagccggagaaacgtgacgtggtgctcacggaggatattctccgaaaatacttcccaagaaactatacgccgctgcaggtgcagcaaaccgtgatccgtcttctggatgcgtggcagaaacgccgtcagcagcagaagtcggaaacgagataa
>gene_20717|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain
atggcaaaatcaattagaacggcattcataagagtgtcggctactaacaacaccgaaaaaggacccgtaaactatacctatgatgacatcaaaaacatcgtaacagagtggtccaaaagtaaaaagttcatgtactacatcaaagaccataactttgagcctggggatgaaaatccacatttccatttagtcctggctttcaagagtcctactccattcaaggatgtaaaacagaagttcccgtacggagacatagaaaacgcaaagagcataaagaattgcgttcaatatctggtccatatgaacgacctttcaaaggtgtcatataactttgatgaaatcttcacgaacgacccaaatataaacaaattcaaattgatgagcgcaacgaatcaattactcaaacttgatgactatctaaatcaaatagaaaatggaattatcagagaatacaatttaaccgaaaaaataccagttcaaatattcgcaaatcacaaatctaaaataatgaatgcgcttgaatactataggagaaaaataatgacagacaaagacagaaatatcaatgttatcttgatgagtggaccgacaggattattcaaaactacatatgcaaaagaatatgcaaaaaacttacacaagtccatttgtgtgtccagttcttccaatgatccgtttcaggactaccaaggggaagacatcattttactggatgatctccgtgatgatgcctttaaatttgccgatttgctaaagattcttgacaatcatacaaaatcaacggctaaaagtagattcaacaataaagcattcattggtgacacaataattatcacaagcgctatagatatccatgattggtatttcaacgagcaaaaggaacagaaagagcaattatatagaagaatccctaactggcttaaatttgagggtaaatggattaatgtctaccagtggaatccttcagcacataagtatgtattcttgagtcgtcttccaaatgttgcttcatttaaacctcaagaaggtaaggaatttatggttagtatgttggatggtatgggaattaaaatgtctgatgaagttagaagtaacatcttaaaagccgaagttcggcaaggatttgaagataaaacggtaggtcaggctttggacattctggacaaggaagttaaaccggtttatcaggtatatcgtattgaagatgatattagtctacttcatgatgattcaggcattgtaaaccagattaaaactaaagtctgtacatttgaggatgaacaagatgctaaagagtatgtagaaaaggctaacgaattggctactgaatcagtttggtatgagtatcgcaaaaagatgagtgattga
>gene_14730|replication protein
ttggctatgtttgatagtgttaaaacagtaaaacaagcaaaagagattgctgatttggtaaatggtacaaatcctatattagtacagtcattaaatggaatggttagatatttaattcataaagacaatccagaaaaggcacaatacaaaaaagaagatattacaaatattggcttttttgaagttgatgacgctttcaaaaattcatgtgataagtatttagctatcaaagatatgattacttttataaaagaaaatcaagttgttgagtacatagattttatggagtattgtgccaataataaatttgaagattggtttaaattactttgtgataattgtagtttcgttattcaaggagttattacttcaaatagaaacaaattaaaagatgccatgttaaatggttatagtggagatgatgaataa
>gene_14726|RepB
atggctaaaaattcaactgaaaacgcaagaactagaaattggagttttatcatgtatcctgatagtgctcctacaaattggaaggaaattttagaagatacccatgttaatattgttgtaagtcctttacatgataaagatattaacccaggaacagaagaatataaaaaaccacattggcat
>gene_55758|Rep50
atggctaaaaattcaactgaaaacgcaagaactagaaattggagttttatcatgtatcctgatagtgctcctacaaattggaaggaaattttagaagatacccatgttaatattgttgtaagtcctttacatgataaagatattaacccaggaacagaagaatataaaaaaccacattggcattgtttggctatgtttgatagtgttaaaacagtaaaacaagcaaaagagattgctgatttggtaaatggtacaaatcctatattagtacagtcattaaatggaatggttagatatttaattcataaagacaatccagaaaaggcacaatacaaaaaagaagatattacaaatattggcttttttgaagttgatgacgctttcaaaaattcatgtgataagtatttagctatcaaagatatgattacttttataaaagaaaatcaagttgttgagtacatagattttatggagtattgtgccaataataaatttgaagattggtttaaattactttgtgataattgtagtttcgttattcaaggagttattacttcaaatagaaacaaattaaaagatgccatgttaaatggttatagtggagatgatgaataa
>gene_54800|Plasmid replication protein
aaacaagcaaaagagattgccgatttggtaaatggtacaaatcctattttagtacaatcattaaatggtatggttagatatttaatccataaggacaatccagaaaaagcacaatatttaaaagaagatattattaatataggcttttttgaagttgatgacgcatttaaaaattcttgtgataaatatttggctattaaagatatgattacttttataaaagaaaatcaagttgttgagtacatagattttatggaatattgtgctaataataaatttgaagattggtttaaattactttgtgatagttgctcttttgttatccaaggtgttataacttcaaaccgaaacaaattaaaagatgcaatgataaatggttataatgtaaatgaagatgaataa
>gene_20903|Replication protein repB
gtggtttaccccgaaagttgccccgagaaatggcaagagatacttgctggcgagtgtgtgccggcgatcatatctccattacacgataaagatataaacccagacggaacgccgaagaaaccacattggcacgtgatgttgttatacgccggcccgaagtcgcaagcacaagtcattgaactttgtaaaaagtttggtggcgtgttgccgataccg
>gene_20905|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggcaagatatttcattcacaaggataaccccgacaaggcacaatatagtgataacgacattgtgaacttgtccggtgctgattggtcggaactaataaagactagtaaggataggtatgatacattactcgaaatcatttccttcttaaaagaaaaaaaggtgatgtattattccgatttgcttgactattgtattgactccgataaccggcgttggtttgaaacttgtagcgacaacacactcttgttgcgtagttattgtgtcagtgccagcacgaagaaaaaggacgccgaagatgtacgtgaacttcacacaataccaactcgaccaattaaaccttattag
>gene_32834|Replication protein
atggcagaacaaaagaaaatacgtacaagaaattttgcaactgttgtatatccggaatcagctccggaagattggaaaaatattttaagtcaacagtttattcctgcttttattagtcctttacatgataaagatcttaatcctactggagaatcaaaaaaaccacattatcatgttatgcttatgtttgagggtgttaaatctaaagagcaagcggaatccgtgtttagttctattggtggtgttggatgtgaggttgttcaaagtatcagaggatatgcaagatatttatgtcatttagataatcctgaaaaacatagatattcggaatcagacgtgtgttcattgtctggtgctgattatcgagctactattggacttgcatcggataaatataaggctttaggtgagatgcaagatttttgtgaacaatataatgtcatgtcattttatttgttatcacagtatgcaaggaaaaatcgacaagactggtatcgaatattatgtgattgtggctctgtatttatgcgtgagtatttaaaatcacgtaaatggagtgctgacaatggtgatttgcatattgtggatccagatactggtgagcagatattatag
>gene_32252|Replication protein
atggcagaacaaaagaaaatacgtacaagaaattttgcaactgttgtatatccggaatcagctccggaagattggaaaaatattttaagtcaacagtttattcctgcttttattagtcctttacatgataaagatcttaatcctactggagaatcaaaaaaaccacattatcatgttatgcttatgtttgagggtgttaaatctaaagagcaagcggaatccgtgtttagttctattggtggtgttggatgtgaggttgttcaaagtatcagaggatatgcaagatatttatgtcatttagataatcctgaaaaacatagatattcggaatcagacgtgtgttcattgtctggtgctgattatcgagctactattggacttgcatcggataaatataaggctttaggtgagatgcaagatttttgtgaacaatataatgtcatgtcattttatttgttatcacagtatgcaaggaaaaatcgacaagactggtatcgaatattatgtgattgtggctctgtatttatgcgtgagtatttaaaatcacgtaaatggagtgctgacaatggtgatttgcatattgtggatccagatactggtgagcagatattatag
>gene_54213|Replication protein
atggcagaacaaaagaaaatacgtacaagaaattttgcaactgttgtatatccggaatcagctccggaagattggaaaaatattttaagtcaacagtttattcctgcttttattagtcctttacatgataaagatcttaatcctactggagaatcaaaaaaaccacattatcatgttatgcttatgtttgagggtgttaaatctaaagagcaagcggaatccgtgtttagttctattggtggtgttggatgtgaggttgttcaaagtatcagaggatatgcaagatatttatgtcatttagataatcctgaaaaacatagatattcggaatcagacgtgtgttcattgtctggtgctgattatcgagctactattggacttgcatcggataaatataaggctttaggtgagatgcaagatttttgtgaacaatataatgtcatgtcattttatttgttatcacagtatgcaaggaaaaatcgacaagactggtatcgaatattatgtgattgtggctctgtatttatgcgtgagtatttaaaatcacgtaaatggagtgctgacaatggtgatttgcatattgtggatccagatactggtgagcagatattatag
>gene_37532|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaaaacatcaagaagcgaaattgggcttttgttctctacccagagtcagctcctgctgattggagagaacagctccaaaaaactggattgcaatgtgcaatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatgaacccagacaatacaccaaagaagccacactatcatgtcatactgacatatagtggaccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaaggctctgacagacggctttaatcagccgataccgcaagctctggaacaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcataaggacaatccagagaaagctcagtacgatgagcgagagattaagaccatcaacggctttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgagatcacgcagataaaaaagaccttgcaggcactcataagacagtacgacatagtggagtacgctcaacttatggacttcttgcaggatgaagaaatgaatgttgagtatgaggtagcgagtaacaacactcttttctttgaccgctacataggcagtcgccgtcacgctccgagagtaccgaagtgtgacccagagactggcgaagtgatagagaaaaaagagagctga
>gene_17067|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaaaacatcaagaagcgaaattgggcttttgttctctacccagagtcagctcctgctgattggagagaacagctccaaaaaactggattgcaatgtgcaatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatgaacccagacaatacaccaaagaagccacactatcatgtcatactgacatatagtggaccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaaggctctgacagacggctttaatcagccgataccgcaagctctggaacaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcataaggacaatccagagaaagctcagtatgatgagcgagagattaagaccatcaacggctttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgagatcacgcagataaaaaagaccttgcaggcactcataagacagtacgacatagtggagtacgctcaacttatggacttcttgcaggatgaagaaatgaatgttgagtatgaggtagcgagtaacaacactcttttctttgaccgctacataggcagtcgccgtcacgctccgagagtaccgaagtgtgacccagagactggcgaagtgatagagaaaaaagagagctga
>gene_29313|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaaaacatcaagaagcgaaattgggcttttgttctctacccagagtcagctcctgctgattggagagaacagctccaaaaaactggattgcaatgtgcaatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatgaacccagacaatacaccaaagaagccacactatcatgtcatactgacatatagtggaccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaaggctctgacagacggctttaatcagccgataccgcaagctctggaacaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcataaggacaatccagagaaagctcagtatgatgagcgagagattaagaccatcaacggctttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgagatcacgcagataaaaaagaccttgcaggcactcataagacagtacgacatagtggagtacgctcaacttatggacttcttgcaggatgaagaaatgaatgttgagtatgaggtagcgagtaacaacactcttttctttgaccgctacataggcagtcgccgtcacgctccgagagtaccgaagtgtgacccagagactggcgaagtgatagagaaaaaagagagctga
>gene_58117|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaaaacatcaagaagcgaaattgggcttttgttctctacccagagtcagctcctgctgattggagagaacagctccaaaaaactggattgcaatgtgcaatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatgaacccagacaatacaccaaagaagccacactatcatgtcatactgacatatagtggaccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaaggctctgacagacggctttaatcagccgataccgcaagctctggaacaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcataaggacaatccagagaaagctcagtacgatgagcgagagattaagaccatcaacggctttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgagatcacgcagataaaaaagaccttgcaggcactcataagacagtacgacatagtggagtacgctcaacttatggacttcttgcaggatgaagaaatgaatgttgagtatgaggtagcgagtaacaacactcttttctttgaccgctacataggcagtcgccgtcacgctccgagagtaccgaagtgtgacccagagactggcgaagtgatagagaaaaaagagagctga
>gene_42682|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaaaacatcaagaagcgaaattgggcttttgttctctacccagagtcagctcctgctgattggagagaacagctccaaaaaactggattgcaatgtgcaatcagcccattgcatgacaaggacatgaacccagacaatacaccaaagaagccacactatcatgtcatactgacatatagtggaccgacttcctacaatgtggtcaaggctctgacagacggctttaatcagccgataccgcaagctctggaacaggtgcgagggtattacagatacctcacgcataaggacaatccagagaaagctcagtacgatgagcgagagattaagaccatcaacggctttaatattgcggacttctcggagctgacacgctccgagatcacgcagataaaaaagaccttgcaggcactcataagacagtacgacatagtggagtacgctcaacttatggacttcttgcaggatgaagaaatgaatgttgagtatgaggtagcgagtaacaacactcttttctttgaccgctacataggcagtcgccgtcacgctccgagagtaccgaagtgtgacccagagactggcgaagtgatagagaaaaaagagagctga
>gene_16959|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaacactaaaaaatcaagtggagcaggcacgaaaaagcgtaattgggcttttgtgctatatcccgaaagtgcgccgtctgattggattgataagcttcgtgaaacgggtttgccttgtgctataagtccgttacacgataaagatattaatgcagacggtgagcctaaaaaggcacatcaccatattatacttgtgtatagtggacctacaagctttaatgtggtaaataatctttgttctagtctttgtcagcctatccctcagccacttgaaagcattaagggctattataggtatcttacacacgcagacaatcccgaaaaggctcaatattcgcagtctgatattaaggcattaaatggctttgattatgctgaatatgtcgagcttacacgaacagaagtaaatacaattaaaatgcgcctgcaacagatgataagagagggagatatattagaatacgctgatttgtgtgatatgttgcttgatagtgatatgcgcactgaatacgatattgctattaataatacatacttcttcacccgatatattgacagcaggcgaaacaaggcaaaggctaaagcgtttgaaaataacgcagataaggaatag
>gene_41131|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
atgctgacgacagaagcagtggaacagatccgggagacaggtgggcagcaggcagttgagcaggcaatccgagccgaccagaaggagaaggccgaggagaagaagcagaaggcccggcgagagaatcgggacttcacgcaggtctatccggcagggtggcagcggattcgggaactgctgaaaaaggatcccaatgccgccaacctgtacgccttttttgccgagcagatggggccggatgggacgctgtgcgccagccgtgccaccattgccgaggctcttggaatcggcgagcggacggtgtcgcggcatgtgaaggccctcgagaaactcgaggcaatcgtggtgctgaaagtgggcacggcgaacgtgtattgcttgaacccggctgaggtctggaagtcgttcgacaacgcgaaaccatacgccgccttcaagacccgcacgctggtgggcaagacggagaatccgtttgtgaagcggcgactcgcgacccttttagggggcaaggcaccggagcagcaggatctgttcaccggcaaggatggcgaggccgacgagggggtcgactggccggatactgacgcagattctgacccccatttcgcagactga
>gene_27701|RepB protein
atgtctacaagtagagtacgtacttggagtactattatctatcccgagtcttgtattgataagtggcaagaagtattggctgccgagtgtgtgccgtcgatcatatctcctttacatgataaggatattaacccagatggtacgcccaagaaaccacattggcacgttatgtttctttatgctggtaagaagtcccagttacaggttatggatttatgtaccaaattaggtggtgttcttccaattccagtttctgatcgtgtcgctatggctagatattttgtccataaggataaccccagcaagtaccagtatgacgaaaaagatattgtttctctatctggtgctgattattacgatttaacaatgactagtaaggatagatatgatactcttatcgacatcatagactatttgcgaaataataaggtgatgtattattctgatttgcttgactattgtcttcaatcggataattcacgctggtttaaggtttgctgcgataacactgttttattgcgtgggtattgtgtttcggctagcacgaagaaaaaggatttggaagatgtacgtcaatttaacccagtaccaaatagatcaattaaaccttattag
>gene_14926|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcaacagtcaaaaaaagaaattgggcgtttgtgctttatcccgaaagcgcccccgagaattggcgcgatataatcgcgcaaagcggattacaatgtgcggttagtcctttgcacgataaggacgaaaacgctgacggaacgccaaaaaagccccattggcacgtgatagcgtgctatcaagggccgacaagctataatgtagtttgcaaactatcacaggacacgttgcacgggactattccacaagcacttgaacaagtgaggggttattataggtatcttacgcataaggataaccccgaaaaagcgcaatatgacgaaagggatatatctgtcatcaatggctttaatattatggatttcgtagaacttagccgctctgaggtcaacgaaaaaaagagacagatacagcagttcattagagataacgatataacagaatatagtgtcttgatggatatgcttcttgatgccgagatgtacgccgagcacgatatagcaagtaataatactatgtttatctcttgctatataaaatcgaggtcttttgtaaaatatgagaataagcgcgaaatgaaaatgacaccgaagaaaggaacatacattttatga
>gene_42014|Replication protein RepB
atggcttccaaagatagatatagaaactggttatttattacttatccttcttctttacctgataactggaaacagtatattgaggaagtgatacaagtacctttatatgtatcccctcttcacgatcgagataaatttcctgatggttcttttaagaatgctcattatcataatttaattgctttttctggggtgaaaacatttgatcaagtccgggatcttattagtcctcttaatggtactattcctattccctgtaatgatcttggcggttctcttcgttacttcgtacatttagataaccctgataaatttaagtatgatgtaaaagatgttcaatgttttaatggtgctgattatcttgattctatttttactatatctgatgataaacgtatgaaacgtgagattaagcagtttattgttgatcataatattcttctttattcagatttatctttatatggttctatgtacaatcaagagtgggaaaactgtatagatcgtaattctatattttgggtatcattcataaagtcattacagtataaggaaaataatcatatttatagttatattgacgaattggagagttttaatgaaaagacaaattaa
>gene_57659|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaagagcaaatacatcgataccgaagaactcgcgcagatacactcccggcttaatgataatgcctggcttccgttctgggtgagccttgaaaccggactccgagtcggtgacgtggtcgcgcttaaaaggcaggcagtaaagaaggacggcattcattttaaggctcaaaaaacagggaagaaaggcgtagcaaaaatatcggcaaaactccgagactctctcccggaatgtaaggcgcgggaatatctttttccctcacctacaaaagcaggggcacacattactcgtcaagctctctggaaacggcttaaaactgcctgtaatcgcgcggggatagatcctgcgggtatcagtcctcattcgcttagaaaagttttctccgtggagctttacagagataaaggcttccaggcagtgaaggaagcgctccaacacaccaacagtgcgactaccgagatttattcttttgccgattggaataccggagcaaatagtgagctaccgctaaagaggaaggatttacagctgatcgttaagatggttattgaggaattagcagagggttacctgttagccagagagagcaaaaagggaagggaaaaaaagaagtga
>gene_8056|Mobilisation protein MobA
atgagcgtgttacaagcggttgcaaggcaacgaacccttgcaggaagatcaaatattactgtcgcaatgcagagtacgacaaagcgctacaacaagaacggagtttttatgccgggacataatgatcggacggtaattgatcaagcagacaacattgatccggagcgcacaccggataatgtttatttctgcgtgaatgaaaaaggtgatcttgaaagatttaatcctacgcttgaagataattccgaaaaaagagaagagaaactatacgataaattatacgggcgatggttagacgagcagaatgaaaagcataacgaacgtagacaatacaagcgtataaaatctatgaaagatatttataaatctaaaaaatttgccccggaagaaatctgtgttcaacttggaaacaaagaaaacataggccagtttaatgatcctgaatatcgcagagattttattgacggagttatggattttgtaaaccgacataataaaaaattcggaaatcgttgtcagataatcggagtgtattttcactttgatgaaggtgttccgcacgtacatttacgtcgtatttattttgcggaaatcgaaccaaattgttttgag
>gene_55752|Replication protein RepB
atgaacgaaaaaaacgcaaataagcgtgcaagaaattggtgtgctgttgtatatccggatagtgcgccgatagattggaaaaagatacttgataaccttaatgtcaaatgggcatgtagtccgttgcatgataaagatacagatgatgacgaacaattaaaaaaagcacattggcatattgttatttgttatagtggtaataaatcatttgaccaggtcaaagatgacctagcagagattaaatgtcctataccacaaatatgtcgagatgtgaaaagctcggtacgatatttcatacataaagaccaccctcataaatatcagtatgatatgtcagatatagaatgttacggtggttttgatatttcagatgtattcaatccgtctaagtccgagaaggttgagatttttagagaaattattacatatattcgcgagaatgatgttcaggaattttttgacctcatgaattatgcgatggacgaaagaacaaatgattggtttccattgcttactgaaagtggttctttaatgctgcgtgaatacattaaatctaataggcatagaaaaagatgtaattttgacgaagaaacgggggagatatatgactaa
>gene_15187|replication protein, partial
atgagtgaaaaaaatgcaaataaacgtgctagaaattggtgtgctgtggtatatccggatagtgcgccaaatgattggaaaaaagttcttgataacttgaatgtaaaatgggcttgtagtcctttacatgataaagatacggatgatgatggacaattaaaaaaggctcattggcatatagtaatttgctatagtggtaacaagtcctttgaccaagtaaaagatgacttggcagagattaactgtcctataccacagatttgtagagatgttagaagttccgttcgatattttatacataaagaccacccacacaaatatccttataacatagctgatattgaatgttatggtggttttgatatttcggatgtattcaatccgtccaagtccgaaaaggtcgagattttcaaagaaatcatttcatatattcgagaaaatgatgttcaagaattttttgatttaatgaattatgcaatggatgaacgttcaagtgattggtttccgttattgaccgagagtggttctttaatgttgcgcgaatatattaagtcaaataggcacagacagagaaaaaattttgatgaagaaacgggggaaatatatgattaa
>gene_51263|Rep50
atgagtgaaaaaaatgcaaataagcgtgcgagaaattggtgtgctgtggtatacccagatagtgcaccaaatgattggaaaaaactacttgataatttaaatgtgaagtggtcttgtagtccgctgcatgacaaagatgttgatgatgatggacagttaaaaaaagcacattggcatattgtaatatgctacagtggtaacaagtcattcgaccaggtaaaagatgacctagcagagattaactgccctataccacagatttgtagagatgtcagaagttccgttcgatatttcatacataaagaccacccacacaaatatcaatacgatgtagctgatattgaatgctatggcggttttgacatttcggatgtattcaatccgtccaagtccgaaaaggtcgaaatttttaaggaaatcatttcatatattcgagaaaatgatgttcaagaattttttgatttgatgaattatgcaatggatgaaaggtcaagtgattggtttccattgcttacagaaagtggttcattgatgttacgtgaatatatcaaatctaacaggcacagacagagaaaaaattttgatgaagaaacgggggaaatatatgactaa
>gene_15196|Rep50
atgagtgaaaaaaatgcaaataagcgtgcgagaaattggtgtgctgtggtatacccagatagtgcaccaaatgattggaaaaaactacttgataatttaaatgtgaagtggtcttgtagtccgctgcatgacaaagatgttgatgatgatggacagttaaaaaaagcacattggcatattgtaatatgctacagtggtaacaagtcattcgaccaggtaaaagatgacctagcagagattaactgccctataccacagatttgtagagatgtcagaagttccgttcgatatttcatacataaagaccacccacacaaatatcaatacgatgtagctgatattgaatgctatggcggttttgacatttcggatgtattcaatccgtccaagtccgaaaaggtcgaaatttttaaggaaatcatttcatatattcgagaaaatgatgttcaagaattttttgatttgatgaattatgcaatggatgaaaggtcaagtgattggtttccattgcttacagaaagtggttcattgatgttacgtgaatatatcaaatctaacaggcacagacagagaaaaaattttgatgaagaaacgggggaaatatatgactaa
>gene_15456|Replication protein RepB
atgaacgaaaaaaacgcaaataagcgtgcaagaaattggtgtgctgttgtatatccggatagtgcgccgatagattggaaaaagatacttgataaccttaatgtcaaatgggcatgtagtccgttgcatgataaagatacagatgatgacgaacaattaaaaaaagcacattggcatattgttatttgttatagtggtaataaatcatttgaccaggtcaaagatgacctagcagagattaaatgtcctataccacaaatatgtcgagatgtgaaaagctcggtacgatatttcatacataaagaccaccctcataaatatcagtatgatatgtcagatatagaatgttacggtggttttgatatttcagatgtattcaatccgtctaagtccgagaaggttgagatttttagagaaattattacatatattcgcgagaatgatgttcaggaattttttgacctcatgaattatgcgatggacgaaagaacaaatgattggtttccattgcttactgaaagtggttctttaatgctgcgtgaatacattaaatctaataggcatagaaaaagatgtaattttgacgaagaaacgggggagatatatgactaa
>gene_6405|Rep50
atggctggcaataagtcaagcggcaataaagacagccgcacaagaaactggacatttgtgctttatgaagatagcgcgcctgataactggcgtgagatactcgatgatttgcatatagagtggattgaaagtccttggcatgataaggacgttaatgcagatggcttacctaagaaaaaacataagcatattgcattgctatttggtggcgttaaatcttatgagcaagtaaaagaggtatcggataagcttaattctcctattcctcagcggtgtcataatgttaaatctatggtgcgttatatggctcatttggataatcctgagaaagcacagtatagtgtatctgatattaaggctcatggtggcgtagaccttgctgaattgcttagaccgtcaagttctgaacgttataccctcttgcgtgaaatgatagattatgtacgctctgcgggtgttactgagtttcaagatctcgttgattatgcgtcctcagaacgctttgacgattggtttccattgctctgtgataatagttcttacttcatagggcagtacataaaatctcagcgtcatagaaagttattaggaaacgttgaagaagatatttag
>gene_26400|replication protein
atggctgataaaagaaaagatagcagaactcgtaattggactatcgttgtatatcctgatagtgcacccaataattggcgagagattattgatgattggcacattgaatgggttgaaagtccattacatgaaaacgatgaaaatgcagacggtacaccaaagaaaccacattggcacgttcttctaatgtttggtggtgtaaagacatatgaacaagttagagaaatgacagatattttgtgttgtcctattcctacacgtgtgcataatgctaaagcacttgttagatatatggcacatttagataatccggataaggcacaatataaaattactgatattgtcgcacatggtggtgtagacgttgcagacttgctcaaaccttctagtagtgaaaggtatacatatatacgtgaaatgcaagcctggtgtaatgaaaataatattactgaattttgtgagttatttgattatgctgcaactaatcgttttgatgattggttcccattattgtgtgatagttgttgctttgtaatgcagacgtttttgaag
>gene_57317|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcaaacacaagtccgaacatcaacaaggcgcgctactgggtggcggtgctctacctggagaacatggtcgacggttggcgtgacctgattgacgaactgcttgaattgccgttcgcgtactgtgttcactcggcggattccgactccaagagcgagcatcgcaaggatcatgtccacatcatccttgcgtttccgaacaccacgacctacaagcacgctatggctgtgttttccctgctcaatgcacctggtgcatgtgcattgaacacgtgcaaggcggtcatcagcatccgccacatgtacgactacctcatccacgatacgaagaaagcccgtgaacaggggaaacacctctatgacccgtcggaacgtatcacgggcaacaacttcgatatcggcgcatatgagcaggtcacgcaggaggacaagaaccgcatgctccgtgagatgctggacttctgcgtcgacaacggcttgcaggacatcagcacgttctacacggagtacaagtcgctcgaagacccgcaggtcttcgatgtgttcaagagctacgggtcgctcgtcgaacgcatctgtaagggcaaccaccaccgcgcgaacggccggtag
>gene_42216|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
cttatattgtcgaatgtaaatgtaacgggcgttccgtctgttaaattagaatcactttcacaatttgtagacgtagcgaagaaaaataaggctattgatgaagagttaaacacgcgtacttgtacgattctgttcgtcgatgaagctagtagtgaactctccaaccgcaatttcaaggagaattttaatgcggatttcgtcaacgcacttatcacgtcgcgccattttaacgcaaatttcctttactcaactcaaaaatgggctatggtcgatatacttttgcgaagagttacccagcgcgctattctctgttgtaaggtatggcgtgtgatgtgtcactcctactataacgccgacgaattagagatagctggcgacccttctcttataaagcctattatgaaacgcggatttttcataactgacaatattttcaacttatatgatacttatgcaactgttgaacagttaaacaagaaattcaacgcaaatgattatctatccgaagaagaactcattgcccagcgtggggagttatacaatcaagaaattaacccgtcgcattattcaagaaaaaagaaaaatttaattcgtaagagtgggcgcaagtga
>gene_30802|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttttttgtttacccaagcaagcaatatcttgatagtatcggcacttcttatgatggagcagacggctatggtacagctccggagaactggagagatattttgcaacaaactggtttacaagccgttatttctccgttgcatgaccaggataaattggaagatggtagcggaaggacgaaaaaaccgcactggcatgttatagtgtgttatagtggtccgacatcgtttaatgtggttaaacttctgactgaacaattaaactcaccaataccgcaagctttggagcaggttcgggggtattatcgttatttgacacataaggataaccccgaaaaggcacagtattctgaaaatgatattaagtgtataaacggctttaatattgctgattttagcgagttgactaagagtgaagttgatgaaataaaaagacgacttcaaattctaattagagagttagaaatatatgaatattgtgatttgatggattatttattggacaatgaaatgtatttagagcattcagttgctggcagccaaacatatttttttaatagttacatagcttctcgtcattataagaatattaaaaatcgtgatgagggggtatga
>gene_55601|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaggaaaaaatgcaaatactaaaaagcgaaactgggcattcgtgctctacccggagagtgctccggatgattggagagacagactccagcagaccggactccagtgtgctatctctcccctgcacgactcagaccttgacccgaccggagaaaagaagaaggctcactaccacatcattctctgctactccggtccgactagcttcaatgtagttaatcagctgacacacagcctcaatcagcctatcccccaagcattggagcaggtcagaggctactaccgctatctgacccacaaggataatccggacaagttccagtacaacgagtgcgacatcacgactcttaacggcttcaatattgccgactatgtcgagatgactcgttccgagattaacgagattaagagacggctgcaggcactgatccgggcgatgggctttcaggagtatgccgaattcatggacttcatcatggacaacgcactgcccgaagaatacgaagttgcttgtagcaacactgtgttcttcaattcctacatcagctccaggagacatgccggtatgaggtctgatgccgataccggactccctggcattgaagaataa
>gene_52067|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggctgacaaaaaagagaatgttaaaaaacgaaattggacttttgtcctttaccctgagagcgctccaaaagattggcaagaaaagcttaaattaagcggtttaatgtgtgctgtatctcctttacatgataaggacttaaaccccacaggcgaagcaaaaaaagcacactatcacatattacttgtgtatagtgggcctactacatataatgctgttgcaaagtttacagcttctttaaatgctacaataccacaagcgcttgaaagcgtacgcggtatgtatagatatttttcacataaagacaaccccgaaaaatatcaatatgacgaagcagatataactactataaatggctttaatattgccgatttgattgaacttactaaaagcgaagtaaacgaaataaaagccaaaattcttgcctatattcgtgagttaggcataacagaatatgccgacctaattgactttcttattgataatgaaatgatgtcagagtatgatgttgcaatcaataatacattcttctttaacacatatatatgtagtaagaggaacagcaatagcttcgcaacccttaaggacacaatcaagcgaaaatctttgtag
>gene_22310|Replication protein RepB
ttggagggcttgctggtacccgctttcatatcgccgcttcatgacaaggacgtgaaggacgatggttccggtgagctgaagaaaccgcactaccacgtgattctgagcttcaggaacacgacaactctgaacaacgtgaagcgacttgctgagagtttcggagcggcgaacggacaggttcaggctgtccatgacctttcggggcatgcacgctacctgtgccacctgagcagcgataacaagacgaagtactccatagccgatgtgtgtcagctgaacggtgctgactacatggaggtcattcagacgaacaccgacaggcttgaagctttccgagagatgcagcgttggtgtgacgataacgaagtgttttcgtttgctgagctgtgcaggtacgcacgggacaacaggagcgactggtacagggtgttggttacgtccaacgggacaacgaccatggttcagtacgtccaatctctgaagtgggaacatgagcagggactaagggcatga
>gene_50776|Plasmid recombination protein
atggctaattttgcaattatgcgcattaagaagattcacaatctacagagtgtttctgctgctgagcggcatggaagagaccgccatcttttaaaaaatcgcgctcatccggagcgcgaacacgaaaataagcatttccaattaccagagtatcgtgagttgagtttggctaaggctgttaaaaagagaattgagccattcaatcaacgtgctaattcagttcgatgttatgagcttgttttgacgtattctccggctgcagatgagcttatttcgcatcatagagatgattgggttagagataatataaaatggctcacagagcaatttggaggccgtcaaaacgttatagacgttagattagatatggatgaggagtcacctcatcttcatgcctacgttacaccagttactgcggatggtaggttgtgtgcgagagattttacaggtagtaaagtcaaattgtctgagcttcaaaatacgtatgctgcagcaatgcagcgttatggtcttgagcgtggtcagtgttttttagatgacccttcgaaacctacacgtcgtcataataaggttagtaattataataagtcaattgaagatttgaaaaaa
>gene_29293|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgttgaaatgggcatggaataatcagcgcctttttggcgctggaggatatatttttctttttcttgtactattatttggtggatgcgttttgctacgcatccatcaaaagaaaaatgaaaatacacctaaaaatatcttgaaaaggtcatcacttacattcgaaaacactccacaaggggtggttttcggcaagtttaaaaagaaatatgtgtgctctccagcttcagcggaagggcatatttttgtcggtggcggtagcggaatgggtaaaacttcagcgcttctcattcccacactcaatgctttttcttcagacggaaactttttttcaattgacatctgcggagatttgtcgagaaatgtccattgtgaaaattgtatccgatttgagattggagaaacaaaggaaaaatacaacgtattttacaacgttgaccaatttccaaaacgtaagctggagctgatacagaaaatagctttttctttattaccggaacagttaaacctaaatgaagccggacaatattatttaaacaacggcagaaacattttaacggcctctttactggctttttatgagaaagggtacgactttatcgagtgttgcgaaaaaatttattttagcggcaattaccgccaattattcactgaaatagacaaatgctgcaatgcttactcaagcaatgccatatcacgttatttgaacgaaagtgaaaagaacgtgggcggttgctactctaaatgtatcgaagctattgaacttttcgccactaacgaacgtgtaaaggcttctctcggacgatataactctttcaatccgtccacgttagaagaaaaaagtatatttttgtgcattgatgataatgacttagaaattttttcaaaccttgtaaatctcatgattacacaaacatttgaatttctatttaacagaacaggcacaaaaacaattttgcttgcactagacgagcttgcttcattcggaaagataaaccaacttgacgcatcattgcggaaattgcgaaaaaagaacgtgcgaattatggctataacgcaaacactgcccgatttagaccttatttatggcgaaactatgaggaactccatgctcaataatttcgcgtataaatgtgtcctttcagcggacgacagcacaacacaaaaattttggagtgagctagtaggctacgaattccggaaccgtagttccataacaacttcgcgttttgcaaatgctactcttacagaaacagaatgtcgtgaactaattattgaacctgcaagcctttctaatctagaaagcgagctccttttaatatttcgtggtgggcatgcaaaactgcaaaaaaattattatttcaagtag
>gene_681|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgttactttacgccgttgtttttcagctgaaatgtgctatattgttacacgaaagttacacgaaagagggtcagattatggcaacgatttctacgcacaatggcactacgctttcacagtctcataatcttcgagagggtaagtctgcaaaggacggacacatagaccgcacgagaacggctcaaaatgaaacgatatgccacgagaggatagaagatgcctataaacggctttttgatgtttctgtggcggaatttaacaaaaaacaaagaccttgccggagaatagagaactattttcagaagattaaagccgacaagaagaagaatgttgcctatgagctcattgtcggagtatatccggacaaaggcgagcagatttccggagaggtcaagcggactattctccgggagtttgtcggcacttggaaagaccgcaacccgaatttggaactcgttggcgcatattaccacgcagacgaaaaaggcggagagcatatgcatattgactatattccggttgcccggaactgcacaagaggcccggcgattcagacggctctcgttaaggctctcgctcaacagggtattgagggtgaaaaagacgaa
>gene_40687|RepB
atggcaggtaataagtcaagcggcaataaagatacacgcacaagaaactggactattgttctttatcctgaaagtgctccatctaattggagagaactcttagaagacttgcatattgaatggattgaaagtcctttacatgataaggatattaatgctaacggagaaaccaagaaggctcattggcatattcttcttatgtttggaggcgttaaatcatacgagcaggtttttgaaatttgtgatattctcaattgccctcgccctgaacgttgtcataatgctaaggctatggtgcgttatatggctcatttagataatccagataaagctcaatataatatttctgatattattcctcacggtggtgttgatatcgctgaaatgctccgcccctcgagttctgagcgttattcactcattaaggaaatgattttatatatacgttctgcaggtataacagagtttcaggacttgcttgattatgcagctgatgagcgttttgatgattggtttcctttactttgcgataattcagcttttgtaataggtcaatatattaagtcacaacgccaccgttctatgaaccgaaccagtaaaaacggacaatga
>gene_28073|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcatctgtacaaaaatttacagctcacgcggttgttaatcagctacgccacaacgagcgaactatagcagaaccctctaacactgatatagacccatcccgagaaaatgaaaactattctctcgcacccgataggggtatcagttcttatgattatttcaaacaacgcaaatccgagttgtactgttataaccgcgccgacgttaaagtgatggctggctgggttgttaccgcacctcgcgacctacccagagaacagcatcgagctttttttgaatgcacgcacgattttctaatagagcgatacggagaagctaattgtattcaatcaattgttcacaacgacgaatctgggcaacctcatttacatttctgttttattcccactgttgaagactccaaacattcccaaggttacaaaatatgtgctaacgatgtgattaacccatgggaactgcgcaattttcatccagacctacaaagtcaccttaaggctaacggaataaacgctaacattaaaagcggaatcacccaacaacaagggggcaacagaagcgtctgggaactgaagcaagaacgcactattacagttgaaagggggcgttggtga
>gene_21075|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaactaacagaacaagacattggggaactattgtctatccagagagttgccctgaaaaatggcaagatattttggcgtccgagtgtgtgccggccattgtatcaccattacacgataaggatatagaacaggacggaacgcccaagaaagcacattggcacgtgatgttgttattcaatggcgttaagtcgcaagaacaagtccacgagatttgtaagcgttttggtggagtattgccgatacctgtatcaaacgcacaaagtatggcacgatactttattcataaggacaaccctgacaagtaccaatatagtcctgacgatattgtaaacttgtctggtgctgattggtcggaacttatgaaaacaagcaaagatcgctacgatacgttggctgaaattataacttatttacacgacaacaaggtgatgtactattccgatttaattgacttttgtagacttaacaatcgagtgtggtatgaatgtgcggtagataacactatggttctgaaagcgtattgtttgtcggccagtaccaagcaaaaggatttgactgatgtacctagacctctcccagtatcagatagaccaattgaacattattag
>gene_17261|Replication protein repB
atggctgaaaaaaaggcaaattcaagctgtagaacgcgaaattttgctacagtagtttatccggaatctgctccggaaaattggcaagagattctcgcccaggaatttatccctgcgtttatctctccgttacataaccaggacattaacccaggtggagaaccgaagaaagaacattatcatgtaatactcacatttgatagtgtcaagacagtagagcaagctcgtgaggtctttgaccgtatcggtggtgttggttgtgaagtcgttaaaagtattcgtggttattgtcgttatttgtgtcacttggataatcctgataaagcacagtacaacgtggatgaggttcgttcactctgtggcgctgactataatcacattatcggtcttgcctgtgacaagtacaaagctattagagaaatgatacagtattgcaaggataacaaggtgtattcctatgccgagttattcgagtattgcatggaagaacgttccgactggtttcgtgttctctgtgacaatggcagctacgttatggatatgtacttgaagtcaaagcattggactgataacaagaaattcgatacagaaacgggggagatatatgactaa
>gene_50355|Replication protein repB
atggctgaaaaaaaggcaaattcaagctgtagaacgcgaaattttgctacagtagtttatccggaatctgctccggaaaattggcaagagattctcgcccaggaatttatccctgcgtttatctctccgttacataaccaggacattaatccaggtggtgaaccgaagaaagaacattatcatgtaatactcacatttgatagtgtcaagacagtagagcaagctcgtgaggtctttgaccgtatcggtggtgttggttgtgaagtcgttaaaagtattcgtggttattgtcgttatttgtgtcacttggataatcctgataaagcacagtacaacgtggatgaggttcgttcactctgtggcgctgactataatcacattatcggtcttgcctgtgacaagtacaaagctattagagaaatgatacagtattgcaaggataacaaggtgtattcctatgccgagttattcgagtattgcatggaggaacgttccgactggtttcgtgttctctgtgacaatggcagctacgttatggac
>gene_6141|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtccgagaaaagtaaatattgggttgcgttgatgtatcctgaaaacatgcgtgacgattggaaagatgagatttcccaacttgttcaggtaccgtttgcttactgtgttcatgacaaagatttggaaaaggacgggaagacgttacgcaaggaacacgttcacattatgcttgctttcggtaatacgactacgaaaaaccacgctttaacggtttttaagacgttagagaaagatggatgccgtgctattccaaacgacgttattgaacaggttttcagtgtaagaaacaagtatgattacctgatacacgatactgaggatagcaagaaaaagcataagcacttgtatgacaagtctgaaaggattacgggtaacggttttgatatcggcatttatgaacagatttcaactgccgacaaaatcaagatgcaaaaggagttagccgacctgattatcgaaaacggtatcatgaactttaaggatttttatttgttcgtgagagataattttgatgatacctatttcgaaatccttacaggtcatacatcctttttcaaggaaatcatcaagggaaactatcacgattttataaccgaaaaaatggcatag
>gene_20751|Protein Rep
ctttggaaatcatttatcacattaacttttaaagataatgtgtctgatctgaatgaagcaaataaagaatttcataagtggtgttcttgtgtcttgcgtaaatataaggattttaaatatttagcagttccagagttccaaaaacgtggtgctgttcattatcatctgatatctaatctgctgtgtgggtctgatctgattcctaagcgaaaaacaaaagtgacaaaatctgataaaggcggttataagtatctagaatattatgatctcccatactggaataacggctttagctcggcttttaatcttcagttaacagatgataaatttcaagtaagtttatatatcacaaaatatctgtacaaagatattgataatcgtttgtatggtcggcataaaatcatgcactcgcaggatttagaaagacctgagtattatcaaacgaaactaaaaaatctttcttattttctccgtaattctcatttaatcaattcatatgagtatgaagcaaaaaagccgtttcaagttggctttcagatgtttgaatttgatttagatgaatatgaaatcagtcttttgaaaaaaaatataatgcaaggatttgttttatga
>gene_27795|Initiator RepB protein
atgacagatattgaaagcataaaccagtctttaggtatcaaatcaaaagaggaattgcagaaagagaaactcgagaactcgcaactgcaacttgtagtcaaatcaaatagccttatacaagaaacaagatacgaattaagcacacaagagcagaaacttattatatatcttgtgagccttataaagcctaaatacgaagaatttcaagagtttagcatagatgtaaaagaagtctgtaacataatgggtattacggaacattatcaaaattatgcaaacttaaaatcaagcctcaaaacacttgcagacaagtccttttggattgcaacaccagagaaagaatatctttttcgttggcttgaacgcctcgagattgataagacacaaacaaaagtgttgtgccgtttcgatgaaagattgaaaccatacttgttaaagttaagagaatcctttactgcttttaacctctgttatgttttagcacttaaatcaaaatacgcaattcgattatacgaattgtttcatagttatttgtatagaaaagagtttcaactcacacttgatgaaatacgtaagatgttgaaactcgaagataagtatgcagaatat
>gene_55658|Replication protein repB
atgcctaatttgtcaactcccaaagtatctcctacatccgaccaacgtcaacgttcttttgctactatcgtttatccagactcggctccgtctgattggaaacatcttcttcaagaccttaaaatcccctgtgcagtttctcctcttcatgactctgacctgaatgcagacggctctcctaaaaaacctcattatcacgttgtttttcactttgaaggtaaaaagagcgttgagcaagtctcttcaataacggctacgttcggcggtgtcggcgttgaatgcgtccatagtctccgagcatattgtcgatacctttgtcaccttgacaaccccgaaaaagcgtcatataagccctctgaagtgcttattttgggcggtttggactataagggtatcatagagtcggcttcagaccgttacgctgttatacgtgccattgtcgctttctgcattgataacgatgttcgagagtttgctgaccttcttgaatacgctatgctcaacgatgaagcgtggttctctgccttgtctgataactgtgcgtacatcatcaaggaatacatacgttctcgacgt
>gene_50326|RepB protein
atgccaaatttgtcaacacctaaagtctcaccatcttctgaccaacgtcaacgttcatttgctacaatcgtttacccagactctgctccttctgattggaaattacttcttcaagaacttaaaattccctgtgcagtttctccacttcatgactccgactttaatgctgacggctcacctaagaagcctcattttcacgttgtttttcactttgaaggcaaaaagagcgttgaccaagtctctgctataacgtctacgttcggcggtgttggcgttgaatgcgttcatagccttcgagcctattgtcgatacctttgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaaagcgtcttataagccttctgaagtgctcattttgggcggtttggactataagggtatcatagagtcggcttcagaccgttacgctgttatacgtgctattgtcgctttctgcatcgataacgatgttcgtgagtttgctgaccttctcgagtatgctatgcttaacgatgaagcgtggttctctgctttgtctgataactgtgcatacatcatcaaggagtacatacgttctcgacgtcatcgcgctttaggcggtggttctgatgagtga
>gene_30568|Plasmid replication protein
ggcggtttggactataagggtatcatagagtcggcttcagaccgttacgctgttatacgtgctattgtcgctttctgcatcgataacgatgttcgtgagtttgctgaccttctcgagtatgctatgcttaacgatgaagcgtggttctctgctttgtctgataactgtgcatacatcatcaaggagtacatacgttctcgacgtcatcgcgctttaggcggtggttctgatgagtga
>gene_5666|Replication protein repB
atgccagaaacaaacagtaaaaaagatataaagacacgtaactggacatttataatctatccagaatctgcaccagcaaattggttagatatactttctacttctggactagcatatgccgttagtccattacatgatagggacaccaatgatgacggaagccccaaaaaatcgcattatcatattgtacttgtcttcgataatacgacaacctataaaaacgtcgaagatttcacacggcagtttaacgggacaatcccacaacgttgcaaaagccttaagggttcattgcgatactttacgcataaagacaaccccgaaaaattccagtacgaaaatgaagaagaccaaattataacttgtaggattgactacaatgcgttagtgcaatcattaaccacaagcgataaacatgccattactagggatatgattagatatattaaagaacatcaagtaacagaatttattgactttaccgaatattgcatggaagaacactatgatgattggtttagtcttttgtgcgatagtaacgtgttaataattaaagaatgtatcaagtctaatcattttaagcattatacatcggtatctgaatttagatag
>gene_56966|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggctaaaattgataaggcgcggttctggaccgccgttctctatccagagaacatgagggacgattgggaggtcgctataggcgacgtcgttcaatatccctacgcttactgtaagcacacgttggacaaggatagtaagtccgagcaccgcaaggatcacgttcacgtgatattagcatttccgaatacaacaacgtataaacacgctttgtctgtattcgaaaagctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagctttgaataagtgcgaggcaatcatcggtattcgtaacgtctatgattacctcatccacgacacagagacttgcaagaagcaaggcaaggagctttatccgaaggaagctcgaatcaccggtaacaattttgatatcggtgcatacgagcagctcggtaccgtggagaagaacgaaatgttcctggagctcggcaacgttatcattgataacggctttaccaactacacggacttttacgagcacgtagtgaataccttcgaggatatgaactacgtcgagattatgagaacgtacagtagccattttgaaaggttgaccagaggcaaccatcacaaaatggagcaaggacgctta
>gene_5733|Putative replication-associated protein (Fragment)
ttgtctgttgttttttttcgaaggaaaggagaagagaaaaaattgaagaacaagcgaagcattggcgatatcaagtccgagagtgcagcgttagacgaagttaaggcagcacgaaagagcgaagatagaagcaaaaaatggcagttaacggagaacaacgccgagtataccaaacgcgaagcagtcgagcgtttaacgggtataggagaagcaatttattgcgttgcgtgtagtgaagtaggtgcgagtggaacaaagcacattcacgcgttcgtagtgttcaaaaatgccatttcaatgagttctctaaaaaagcgcttccctcgagcgcatttcgaacactgccgtggcagtgtggcgagtaatcgcgaatatgtggtaaaggacgacaaagagccgtatgaagtaggcgagtgtcctttagcagttagcgaagagagaaccgacgctcctagcgaggtagtagcgttaatagtgaagagtggacttagtcctctcgagatattgacggcgtatcctagatacgcggactacgtagtgcgcaattttaggaacttgaacgagatatacgagcaatcacaaggtgttatacgacgtaatcggcgctag
>gene_19745|RepH
atgtcaaaatatcgtaattttgcgtttttgttgtattctgagtcatgttctaatgattttaaatcggttttagcatctacgggtcagaaaatattctatattttacatgatagggatattttagaagacggaacaccaaaaaaaccacattaccacgtaatgataatgtatgaaaatcaaagaagtcagaatactgtaattaaattatgtaaatcttgcggcggaaatggacatatagaaatactagacagcgccaaaggttatgcaaggtatctgctacacatggacaaccccgagaaa
>gene_5837|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcaaaatatcgtaattttgcgtttttgttgtattctgagtcatgttctaatgattttaaatcggttttagcatctacgggtcagaaaatattctatattttacatgatagggatattttagaagacggaacaccaaaaaaaccacattaccacgtaatgataatgtatgaaaatcaaagaagtcagaatactgtaattaaattatgtaaatcttgcggcggaaatggacatatagaaatactagacagcgccaaaggttatgcaaggtatctgctacacatggacaaccccgagaaatatcaatatgatgcttcagacgtacacagcttgtgcggagctgattatgaaaaagtttcactatccgaaacggaggcaaaagctaataagacaaaattaataacggatatgatacaatttatcgaagataatgatattgaagtttacgctgattttatagcgtattgctcgcataatcgtccagaatggttagaaatattaatatcaagaaaaggcataataataaaagactatattaagtctaggtcatggactaatcattatggtttagattataatagattcagttacgacacagaaaaaagatga
>gene_45334|Replication initiatior protein
atggcggataatacaccaaagactaaagctagatactggacggcggttatgtaccaggagaatatgagaccagattggagagaggttatagatgaccttctgcaatgtccatatgcttactgtgaacatgatatgagtaaggatagcaagagtgagcatagaaagaatcacgttcatatactgttggtttttgctaacactactacttatcaacatgcttttagtgtgtttgcacgtcttaacggtgaaggcaaagaagcttttaataagatagaaagcgttatcaatattaggcatatgtatgattatcttattcatgctactgaaagttgcaagaagaagggtaaagaacgttatgaccagacctgcagggtatgcggaaataattttgatattggagcatacgagcagttaggccaagcggataaggatagaatgcttaaagagatatgcgattatatttgcaaggaaggcataggaaattttgctgacttgtatttgtatgttatgtctaatatgggtgaagaatactttgaagttgtaaagactcatagtggactactagaaagactttgcaagggtatttacttgaataagcagaaaaagtag
>gene_15139|replication protein, partial
atggcaggtaataaatcaagcggtaataagtccagccgtacaagaaattgggacatcatagtctatcccgaatcagctccggagaattggagagatctgatcgatgaaaatcacatcgaatggattgagagccctttgcacgatcgggatgtaaatcccagcaccggagagcttaagaaagcccattatcatgttgcgctcctcttccccggcatgaaaacatatgagcaggtcgttgagatgattaaacccctcaactgtcctattcctcaacgtactctcagcgtaaaaggtacagtccggtacatggctcatctggataacccggaaaaattccagtacgatcctgctgcaatcgtgccccatggtggcgtggatctggccgagctcctccggccgactgcatctgaacgttatggtatgatccgggaaatgtgcgaatatgtccgagataaccagattacagaatttcaggatctcatggattatgccatgtttgaaaggtttgatacatggttccctgcgctttgcgataactgcgcttacatcgtaggccagtacatcaagagccagcgtcaccggatgcaaggaggtcatgataatggctaa
>gene_52621|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggtgttacaatttcaactcacaatgggtcggcttgcagacatgaccacaacattcgtaaccgtaaagtcactgacaaagaagcacatattgacccaaatggtaaatacgaaatatggcacgatgaaaagatacgtacagcatatgaccgtctattcggtcctgctgtggctgaatacaatgccaaacagacaagaagcgaccgtaaggtagaaaattactacaacgaagtatgcaaagacgcaaagaagcaccctgtctacgaaatgattattggagtatatggcatttctgaagacggaacagccatttgctcggaacagactggttacgacattatgaaggacttcgtaaacggttggaaggaaagaaatcccaatttggaactaattggggcatactatcatgccgatgaacagggcgaaccacacgtacacatagactatattcctgtggctcacggatatacacgtggtttaagtacccaaaatgggctagttaaagctcttggtgaaatgggctttgagaagcagggcagggcaactgcacaaatccaatgggaagcacgtgaaaacaagcattttgaagcactttgcaacgaatacggcttaacagtagaccacccacgtgaagaaggacgtaagcacgtagaaactgaaaccttcaaagcacagcaggaactgtcacgtacaatagaccactacaacgatatggacgaactctctgttcagaaggaacgtcgtgcagagttcctgaagggcgaaataaagcaattaaagggcgaatacaaagaattgcaggagttgcaggctgaagtggcaggaaaggactttttaggacgtcctagacaggttgtaaagctggactacgaagaatatgttgacctgcaacaccgtgcacgtgcaatagacaaggtacacgaagctgaacgtgaagccgagaaactacgtgaacaggcacgtaagatgcaaaaagaagctgaaggtaagctttgggaagccgaattacgtgagaataatgccaaagccattatggacgaagcaattcagacacgtaagaaggctgacgagtacttaaaacagcaaaaagagtacattttgggcacagcgaagagaatggctaaagagtttatggaaagtgccttaaaaggtcttggggcgaacgtaatggtacgtatgagacagtttatggaaagtctgaagctctcaaatggcaagacagcaatgcaggagtttcaagcacgtgaagagtttcttgaccgtcaattacgtgaaacctacgaaaagtacggttgggaagttccaaacaaaccatttgaacagcaggaacaaaaccattcgttggacgaaggtagaacacgttaa
>gene_56781|plasmid replication protein
atggcagtaaaaaaatcaaatgttaagaaaaggaattgggtttttgtcctctaccctgagtctgccccttctgattgggtagaacaactccgtttgactggtttgcaatgtgttataagtccgttgcacgataaggacatagaccctactggtgagccaaagaaagcccatcatcatattatcttgtgttatgctggtcccacttcgtttaatgttgttaaacagcttacagaacgtttaaatcaacctataccacaggctcttgagcaagtacgtggatattatcgttatttgacgcataaggataatcccgataaggcacagtattctgatgatgatattaggactttgaacggatttaatatttctgatttcgtggaactgtctaagtctgaagttcttgaaattaaacgaaagttacaatctctaattcgagaaatcgagatatttgaatactcagattttatggactatcttttggacaatgaaatgtctttagaatatgaggttggtagtaataacacttatttttttgaaaaatatatcagctctcgccgaaataaagcaaagcttttaactttgaaaggtggacaagataatgacgaatga
>gene_29188|Putative replication protein
atgcctaaagaaaaagcaagtggaaaaacaagcggtgcggggcgtactcgtaattttgctactgtgatttatccggattctgagaatactccggaaaactggattgatttattgacggaacaaaaagttccaattatgattagtccgttacataattgtgatactaacccaactggagaagttaagaaagcacactatcatgtgttgttatgttttgagggtgtaaagactccggaacaagcaaaatctatttttgatattgtcggtggtgttggctgcgaagtggttcaatctctgcgcggttatgctcggtatttgtgtcatttagataatccggaaaagttccagtataatactgaagatgtccggtgtttgggtggtgcagatttcgccggggtgataaatcttgtaactgacaaatataaagctattggtgaaatgattgattattgcgttgagaatcatatttatagttatgctaatcttttggtttactgtagaaatgaaagattcgactggtttagagtgttatgtgataatggaactgttgttatgaaagagtttttaaaatctttggattggactcataagcaattcaaggaaaattaa
>gene_36653|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaagttgtaaaaaagagaaattgggcgttcgttctttatccggagtctgcacctgcagattggagggaacaattacaattaacaggtttacaatgtgcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgttaatgcagataagacaccaaaaaaggcacattaccatgttattgtatgttacagtggaccgacttcatataatgtggtgaaaggtttaacagatagtttaaatcagccaattccacaagcactagaacaagttagaggttattatcgttatttaacgcacaaggataatccggataagtaccaatatagcgaaagcgagataacaaccatcaatggctttgatattgctgaatatgtagaaatgacaaagtcagaggtacttgcaattaaacaagagttgactaatcttatcagagaaaaggacattattgaatatcaagactttatggactatataagtgacaatttggataaaagtagatttgatgtagctagttcaaataccatttattttaatacatacatcaaaagtaagcgttttaatgctagtagaatgactatgcaagttgatccagaaacaggagaagttataaaatga
>gene_33101|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaagttgtaaaaaagagaaattgggcgttcgttctttatccggagtctgcacctgcagattggagggaacaattacaattaacaggtttacaatgtgcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgttaatgcagataagacaccaaaaaaggcacattaccatgttattgtatgttacagtggaccgacttcatataatgtggtgaaaggtttaacagatagtttaaatcagccaattccacaagcactagaacaagttagaggttattatcgttatttaacgcacaaggataatccggataagtaccaatatagcgaaagcgagataacaaccatcaatggctttgatattgctgaatatgtagaaatgacaaagtcagaggtacttgcaattaaacaagagttgactaatcttatcagagaaaaggacattattgaatatcaagactttatggactatataagtgacaatttggataaaagtagatttgatgtagctagttcaaataccatttattttaatacatacatcaaaagtaagcgttttaatgctagtagaatgactatgcaagttgatccagaaacaggagaagttataaaatga
>gene_54018|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcaaaagttgtaaaaaagagaaattgggcgttcgttctttatccggagtctgcacctgcagattggagggaacaattacaattaacaggtttacaatgtgcaattagtccattgcatgacaaagatgttaatgcagataagacaccaaaaaaggcacattaccatgttattgtatgttacagtggaccgacttcatataatgtggtgaaaggtttaacagatagtttaaatcagccaattccacaagcactagaacaagttagaggttattatcgttatttaacgcacaaggataatccggataagtaccaatatagcgaaagcgagataacaaccatcaatggctttgatattgctgaatatgtagaaatgacaaagtcagaggtacttgcaattaaacaagagttgactaatcttatcagagaaaaggacattattgaatatcaagactttatggactatataagtgacaatttggataaaagtagatttgatgtagctagttcaaataccatttattttaatacatacatcaaaagtaagcgttttaatgctagtagaatgactatgcaagttgatccagaaacaggagaagttataaaatga
>gene_56487|Replication initiation protein
atggctgacaaaaaatcaaggggcagcgaccgcactcggaattggtgcatcgttgtctatccggatagcgccccggaaaactggcgcgattttcttgacggcattgagtgggttgagagtccgctgcatgaatgggacgtcaatccgaccggagaggtaaaaaaacctcattggcatgtgctgctcatgtttggaggggtcaagtcttacgagcaagttgttgagttcatccagccgttgaattgtcctattccgcagcgatgccataacgcaaagagtgctgtccggtacatggctcacttggataatccggataaattccagtatgatccgcgcgaaatcgtgccccacggtggcgtggatctggcggagctgctccgtccatcggcatctgagcgctatgagatcatacgtgacatggctcggtggtgtcgtgagaatggggtcactgagttccaagacctgatggactatgctgcagaagggcgcccggacgattggttccctgcgctctgcgacaattctgcgttcgtcatgagtctgtaccttcggagtgctcgtcatcgcgctgaggggcttacaggccaaaataggccggcttccgattga
>gene_783|MULTISPECIES: conjugal transfer protein TraE
gatcgcatgttcccggatgggatctgccgtgtaggagacaattactacacgaaaaccattcagtttcaggacattaattatcagttggcgatgcaggaagatcagacagccatttttgaagagtggtgttccttcctgaatttctttgacagttcgatccgatttgaattgtcctttatgaatatgtccacggatgcagcggatttcgagaagatgatccgtatcccttttcgtaaggatgcattcaatcatatccgaagtgagttcagttccatgttgaagaaacagctggcgcagggtaacaacggactcacaaaaacaaaatatctgacatttggaatcgaagcagattccatgaagctggcaaagccgagactgcagcatgtagaaacggatcttttgaacaacttccgtaggctgggagtcagggcaaaaaccctgaatggtaaggaaagactgcatctgatgcattccatgttccacatgggtgatgaggataaggatgacattattatgagcatctggggtgttctgggttacactgtacttctttgctttacactgttcaaaaccggaggacttgccaagagcgtattcgcagcgcactaa
>gene_7189|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atgtcagcaactagaactcgttgttattgtgctattggatatccagaaagtcttaatgaaaattttatagatattttagtggatacccatgttaaaacaatcatcagtcctttgcatgataaggacattgatgataatggcaatataaaaaaagcacattatcatattatgttgttatttgatagcgtaaaaacaaaagaacaagcacaaaatatttttgatattattggttgcactcaatgcattcctgttaattccgtacagggacaggctagatatctttgtcatttagataatttaaataaacagccttatgatgtaggaaatgtaatatgtttaaatggtgctgattatatatcgctaatagaactcccaagtaatcattatcaaatagttagagatataatcaatttttgcaaagaaaataaaatagtctcattttctgatattttagaatattcaagtatctcaaatgaaagttggttcagggcactctgtgataattcggcttatgtaattaaagagtatcttaaatcaaaagaatggactattgcaaaagaatcatctaaacttgatagcattgtttcagatcgtgatgccaaagagtaa
>gene_17495|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atggaagcaaaatacctaactgccgtacagctcgccgcgctccgttctgtcatggatgacgccgcatggctgttgctctgggtcatgctagagacggggttgcgcgtcggtgatgccgtagctctgaggcgcacgcaagtgcggaaagatggcatacattataaggcgcagaagacgggcaagcgcggcgttgctcctatatcggcggcactctataaggagctacgaggcgacgggacggggtatatctttcgcggtcgaaaagaggggacacatctgtcccgacaggcggcatggaaacggattaagacggcggcggcacggtgcggcatagatgctgacggcgtaagccctcatgccatgcggaaggtgtttgctgtggagaccttccgcgagaaaggt
>gene_45109|Putative replication protein
atgtctaaaccaaatgaaaacaagcgtgcacgaaattggtgtgcagttgtttatccagatagtgctcctgagaattggaaggagcaacttgacgcccttaatatcaagtgggcgtgttctcccctacacgataaggatgtagatgatgacggagtgattaagaaagcacattatcacattatcatctgtcatagtggtaataagagttttgaacagatacgagatgacttgaagttcctcaactgtcctattccacagatttgtcgtgatgtgcgtagttctacaaggtacctggtacaccttgaccatccacataagtatcaatataaccgtgacgatatagagtgctatggtggttttgatttatcaaacattatggctttatctagtagcgagaagaaacaagttatcacagaggtattacagtacatcagagataacaatgttacagagtat
>gene_27073|Putative plasmid replication protein
agacgtatcttaaaagagcctgttaccggtaaaccagtaaaggagttcccgtggttatacgaaaagctgaagccacgcttgcagagatactccaaagtaggtaacagatacaattttatgtgtgtcctgtttgccgatgcggctcagtgtggcattccttacagcgatgtttacaaatttgcttgcagtcaaatcgacctgctcaatataggtgtggctgatgaaaaagacctcttcacacaggaagatattgattgtgcagccaagtattatgtcactgattttgggcactacatgaccttagaccgtattgagaaaatgacaggtgcaaaattccctcgtaataagcgtaacagacgtccacaggagtatcatttacagaaatatattcctgctctacgttctattggtgatataaaggatactcgttttggtgtcgaaggtggtaatgatgctacattaggtggtcgtccaactgcagaacaaactattagagattacctgcaggagcatccagacgcaaaaaaggtcgatatcatccgtgacactggcttaacaaagccaaccgtttacaaatggtggaaggttatacatgaggagggtggttga
>gene_5630|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcatatagccaaattaaaatcatcggacttacgtggcgtactcggagaggcaagaagagaacacaagagcaatgtcggggatatagatgaaacgaggacgcacttgaattatcatctgtctccgaggggaaatgagatacatgatgcagaggagtttcgggagcggattaaggcgttgggagtgacaagaaaactgcgagctgatgcggtatgttgtctgtccacgatagtaacccttccacaggactttgaaggcgatgccgatgatttcttcaaggcagcctatataagcgccgtaaacgccctctgtgggggcaaggaagagcttgtggtgcaggcttatattcacatggacgagaagaccccccacatgcactttgtatcaatccccattatagagaaagacggcaaggtgaagctatccgccaaagacctgcttacaaagtcttttatgaggtcttttcaccccaccatggaacaggagatgacagacctgctccgtatgccggtacacctgcatgacgaggaactctgtgaggcacgtagacaggcacaggcaaaaggagaccatagccttgataatcagaccatactggagtttaaa
>gene_27455|Plasmid replication protein
aaaaaatcaaaaaatcaatcaaaaagagcttcgcgcgaccgcgattttgcatttattttgtatcctgaatctgcaaatccaaaatggaagcaaatattatctgatttaaagcttcctgtgttttgggtttttcatgataaagatactatcattgatgaggaaacaggtgaaacagtacctaaaaagccacattatcatgtaatgttgatgtttagtaatccacgttctgaaaataccgcaaaaaaaattagcattcgttgtggtggcaatggccatttggaagagcttatcacccgtaggggatatgctagatatttgattcatattgatgatcctgaaaagtatcaatattcatcaagcgatgttgtttgtttagggggcgccgattataatgcgttgtctatgacggctactgatataaaaaatgctgaagatgatatgttagttgatgttattagttattgtaagtctgtgaatattattgcatattgtcaattaattgattattgtattgaaaataaacgtgaatggctttcgtttttgcgttccccgaatggtcgtattgttagagattatataaaatcacattattggtataattcttaa
>gene_30227|RepB
ttgaaaaaatcaaaaagagcttcgcgtgagcgcgattttgcatttattttgtatcctgaatctgcgaatcccaaatggaaacagatattatctgatttgaaattgcctgttttttgggtttttcacgataaagatactgttattgatgatgaaacaggcgaaatggtgcctaaaaaacctcattatcatgtaatgctaatgtttagtaatccacgttctgaaaatacagcgaaaaaaattagtattcgttgtggtggtaatggacatcttgaagaacttattactcgcaggggttatgctagatatttaattcatattgatgaccctgaaaagtatcaatattcatcaaatgatgttgtttgcttagggggagcagattataacgcgttgtctatgactgttacagatataaaaaaggcagaagatgatatgcttgttgatgttattagctattgtaaatcaacgaatattatagcttattgtcaattgattgattattgcattgaaagtagacgtgattag
>gene_56316|Plasmid replication protein
ttgaaaaaatcaaaaaatcaatcaaaaagagcttcgcgcgaccgcgattttgcatttattttgtatcctgaatctgcaaatccaaaatggaagcaaatattatctgatttaaagcttcctgtgttttgggtttttcatgataaagatactatcattgatgaggaaacaggtgaaacagtacctaaaaagccacattatcatgtaatgttgatgtttagtaatccacgttctgaaaataccgcaaaaaaaattagcattcgttgtggtggcaatggccatttggaagagcttatcacccgtaggggatatgctagatatttgattcatattgatgatcctgaaaagtatcaatattcatcaagcgatgttgtttgtttagggggcgccgattataatgcgttgtctatgacggctactgatataaaaaatgctgaagatgatatgttagttgatgttattagttattgtaagtctgtgaatattattgcatattgtcaattaattgattattgtattgaaaataaacgtgaatggctttcgtttttgcgttccccgaatggtcgtattgttagagattatataaaatcacattattggtataattcttaa
>gene_41646|DNA replication protein
atggaaatgatggtgcaggcagagattgacatgcgtgagacgaatcggatagcaaggcttatccgcaatgcccgtttccgtcagcgcgctgcactggaacagctggaaacggacaccgcacgcggcatcccttcggcacagatctccgaccttgcaacgggagactacatcgtgcatggcatgacgatcatcatcacaggaccggcaggaaccggaaagtcatatctggcatcggctctgggcgacagagcatgccggcagggcaagaaagtgcagtactttacgatgaacatgctcatcgagacactgcgtcttgtcaggatggaaggccgtcagaccaacttctttcgcaagatggcttcacaggatctgctcatcatcgatgactttggaatgcagaaactcgagggtgacctgcagaacgactttgaacagatcatcgatgaccgttacagtgaaaaggcactcatcctctcaagccagctgcctgtcgctgattggtacaacgtcttccaaagtgagctcattgcggaggcctgcctggacagattggtgcataaatcaataagatttgagctgaaaggagagagtttaagaaaaaagtattag
>gene_4449|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgccggacggaaagagacaattggaatacgctgaaaacacacagactttagtagggcaacgccgcagaaatatcttggacgtagacacaggagagttaatgcacgtagaccaaattacaaaaatggtttatggcacaaagaacttctggaagtgttatctaatggattttctgactgtgttaggtattatagacagtaagcaggtcgatatatttatttacatagtcgaaaacactaaccaaagcaacaatgtttttttagggacttacgataagatagcaaaagacgtgggagttagtcgccccacgatttctaaaatcatgagtaaattgcagaaaaataattttataaaaaaaatgcaagcaggagcctggcttgtcaatccggatatactcatgaaaggcaacgacactaaacgccagatactactatcctactacgaaagcgacgagccaattgataaaattaccatgaacagaactaaacgaaaacctttacccaatccgaataaccaaacgctgaacggacaactggaaatagttgatgaatcatgccggctgcaggaatatcatgaagaagtgaaaggagggcaggatcatgtttga
>gene_38513|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_8989|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_20049|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_44527|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_33754|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_34951|Rep protein
tcacggcggaaaaccgaactccaaaccgttgtcgaccacgccgttttgcacggttttaccgtttcaatgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_36214|Putative replication protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagcgtgggcagatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_33250|Replication protein
aacgaaggcttgagcctcacggctcgccagattgaaaaagttatccccgccgtaggcggaaggtcgctgaagtccttcgaagggatgacggcgacgtggtcgacgcgaggacgagccttcagcgagggacgaagcggagacaagcgaagccaaatcccttcgaaccggagggaaggacgctcagcgacccatccccttggcaactacgttaataacttttcgagtattcaaaacgagcccaaaaagcttaaatctcgccgttccgagcgatacgctctacgtgatggattagccgaaatctcgaccattgagtccgtccggaagtgtggccgcgtgcccgtggcacctctcgtctcgttgcgggcaaaaacggacggtaaaagtgccgggtatggcggagttcacacttgtggctccgtctgggcgtgccctgtttgtagcgcgaaaatcgcttcacggcggaaaaccgaactccaaaccgttgtcgaccacgccgttttgcacggttttaccgtttcaatgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_34883|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_37508|Rep protein
atgctgacactgacccagcgacatcacagcggacagaaactaaaaacgctctggaatgcactgtctagcgcttggaatcgcgtcacctcaggtgaccgttggaaactcttcaagtcagatttaggactcgtcggatacgttcgagcaaatgaaatcactcacggaaaaaacggatggcacgtgcacagtcacattttgattatcagtgagaaagaccccttgaacagtacttttgtctatcaaaggaagcaaggacgccgacgcaccccctaccctccagaggtctacaccgcgtccgaatttattgccgaccggtgggaagccggacttgcgaaacatgacgttgattttctccgagactcaggaggcttggactggtcagtcgcgcgcgatgcgcgagcaatcggcaactacgtctctaaaatgcagacctccacagacgcgatttcatcggaagtcacgttgggcggtttcaaaaaagcccgaaacggaaaccggaccccgtttcaaatcctcgcggacattctcgctttgggggacgtggacgacctcaaactctggaaagaatacgaacgcgcttcgttcggacgccgtgcactcacatggtcgaaaggcttgagagagtgggcaaatctcgggattgaaaagaccgatgaggaaatcgcctctgaggaaatcggggacgaatccttagcgctcttcacgcatgacgcatggcgtcaggtgcgccgattcggcgctgccgagctgctcgacgtcaccgaagccggaggccgcgaagccgcctatgactggctcaacgcgcgggaaattgattggtcattgccaccgaaaatcgagtga
>gene_57262|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgcgaagcaaatacattgattcatgcgaggtgaaagcgattcgcgcggagctttcggacgaagcatggcttcccttgtgggtagcgcttgaaacgggcttacgcgtgggcgacgtggtgaagctccgccgagagaatttgaaggcggatgggcttcactacaaagcccaaaaaacgcgcaagaacggcgttgcgcggatttccgaccgattgcgcaaggcgttaaccgttcggcgcgggaagtggttttttccttcgccctacaaagcagggaagcatatcacgcggcaatgcgtgtgggcgcgtgtcaaacgagcttgcgagcgcggacaattgccgcccgaaggaatttcgccacattccatgcgcaaggcgttcgccgtggagctttaccgcgagaagggatttcgcgcggtgcaagaagcgctccagcacgcaaattgcgcgacaaccgagatttacagtttcgccgattggagcacgggcgaaaatgccgagcttcctttgaaacgaaaagatcttcaattgcttgtcaagctcgttcttgaagcgctcggagatgtcaacgcagaagggaagcgaccgagcaaaaaaagagcctcttaa
>gene_51825|Plasmid replication protein
atggctgagaagaatgtcaagaaaagacattgggctatggtcctgtatccggaaagcgctccagaagattggcgcgaacagttgaagctggcaggaatgaagtgcgccataagcccattgcatgatagggatatgaatccaacaggagaggtgaagaaagctcattatcatgtgatactgagctatgaggggccaacaacatacagtaatgttaagaggctgacggatagcctgtgccagccaataccccagcctttggaacaggtaagagggtactataggtatttgacgcacaaggacaaccctgagaagtaccaatatgaagaacgcgacatagagactttgaacgggtttgcaatacaggattttgttgagcttacgcggagtgaagtggggaagcgaacaagggagatcattcagctgatcagggaggcggacataactgagtatgctgatttgatggacatacttatggattcgggggagggaatggcagagcattttgaggttgcgcggagtaataccttgttctttaagtcgtacctcaccagtcaatggaggaggaacatgtacagagatgggaaacaaatagacgataagcgctga
>gene_27336|Putative replication protein
atggcaaatgataaaaaaacaagtgcaacaagtcgtacgagaaattttgcaactgtagtttatccggaaagtgctacagaaaactggcaagaaatattgtcagaacagtttataccggcatttataagtccattgcatgataaagacgttaatgcaactggagagcctaaaaaggctcattatcacgttataattatgtttgatagtgttaagacactagagcaggcagcagaggtcactaacatgata
>gene_21754|replication protein RepB, partial
gtgtgggggttttttattttgtcaaaacgttatgctgattattcaaaatcaagggcaaggtactgggcagttttgatgtacccagaaaatctacgagctgattggcaagatgtgattgatgaagagctggaggttcctttttgctattgtgtgcatgataaggataagtatactattacaaaagatgaagaagaccgtaaaaaacacgtccacatgataatagcatggaacagtccaacaacaggtaaagctgttcaaacgttggtatcaagactcaatgagcagggtaagaacggcattatgccggtgcaacctattgcgaatatgaaacagaagtgggcgtatctgatacatgcgacagataaggcaaaagcagagcataagcaccaatatgatgagagtgaacggattacaggtaataactttgatattggtgcctatattcaaattgccgagtcggatatcaaaaacatgcgtagagaactatctatgatgattatcaataatcagattgtaagctatagtagattctacttgatagttatgagcatgtcgcctgaatatgaggacgtagtaagtcggtattcttcgcatttcgcaagg
>gene_57449|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggcaaatgaaaagtcaaaaaaggataccagaacaaggaattggactattgttttatatcctgagagcgcaccgcaaaattggcgcagcatacttgatgatatgcatattgaatggattgaaagtccgttacatgaaaacgatgtaaatgcaaatggagaggctaaaaaggcacactggcatatcttgcttatgtttggaggtgtgaaaagctatgaacaagttgaagaattatgtgcggagttaaattgtccacgtcctgagcgttgccacaatgctaaggctatggtacgttatatggcgcatttagataatcctgataaggcacaatatcggattgaggatattattcctcatggtggtgttgacattgcagaaatgctcagacctaattcctcggagcgttatactcttattcgtgaaatgataagctttattcgtgataatgatatcatggaatttcaggacataatggattacgcttgcgaatttagaattgatgattggtttccgttgctttgcgataacagtgcttttgtgattgataagtatgtaaaatcacaacggcatagaaaaaaggcatcagataaatcggatgaagattag
>gene_52594|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
aatgaaaagtcaaaaaaggataccagaacaaggaattggactattgttttatatcctgagagcgcaccgcaaaattggcgcagcatacttgatgatatgcatattgaatggattgaaagtccgttacatgaaaacgatgtaaatgcaaatggagaggctaaaaaggcacactggcatatcttgcttatgtttggaggtgtgaaaagctatgaacaagttgaagaattatgtgcggagttaaattgtccacgtcctgagcgttgccacaatgctaaggctatggtacgttatatggcgcatttagataatcctgataaggcacaatatcggattgaggatattattcctcatggtggtgttgacattgcagaaatgctcagacctaattcctcggagcgttatactcttattcgtgaaatgataagctttattcgtgataatgatatcatggaatttcaggacataatggattacgcttgcgaatttagaattgatgattggtttccgttgctttgcgataacagtgcttttgtgattgataagtatgtaaaatcacaacggcatagaaaaaaggcatcagataaatcggatgaagattag
>gene_27551|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
aatgaaaagtcaaaaaaggataccagaacaaggaattggactattgttttatatcctgagagcgcaccgcaaaattggcgcagcatacttgatgatatgcatattgaatggattgaaagtccgttacatgaaaacgatgtaaatgcaaatggagaggctaaaaaggcacactggcatatcttgcttatgtttggaggtgtgaaaagctatgaacaagttgaagaattatgtgcggagttaaattgtccacgtcctgagcgttgccacaatgctaaggctatggtacgttatatggcgcatttagataatcctgataaggcacaatatcggattgaggatattattcctcatggtggtgttgacattgcagaaatgctcagacctaattcctcggagcgttatactcttattcgtgaaatgataagctttattcgtgataatgatatcatggaatttcaggacataatggattacgcttgcgaatttagaattgatgattggtttccgttgctttgcgataacagtgcttttgtgattgataagtatgtaaaatcacaacggcatagaaaaaaggcatcagataaatcggatgaagattag
>gene_4739|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
atgactttagttaatactgatagaaaggggcgcaagcaaatgacgatctatggttattgtagggtatcaaccaagaggcaggaacttttgagacaggagaagaacataaaagcggtataccctgaagcggttattatcaaagagaaatacaccggcacaagtatggcgcgcgaagaatggcagaagttaatgaagcgcgtgaaacggcaagactatataatctttgatagcgtatcgcgtatgagtaggaacgcgcaagaaggttttgaagcatacgaagaactatacaaaaagggcgtcaaccttgtctttctgaaagaaccgcacataaatacagatgtttataaaagatctatggaggggcttttagaactaaagggagacaagatagattttgttttagaaggtatcaataaatatttgatggctttagcgcgggaacagatacaaatagccttcaatcaatccgaaaaagaagtgaaagacattcagacccgcataaaggaaggtatcgcaatagcgaagttggaccccactaaacagatcggcggtgtgaaaggttcaacatacaaagtaaagaaaagcgccgccgcgaaagagatt
>gene_5114|Replication initiatior protein
atggcaacacctagcaaggaaaaagcacggtatgcgtgtttcatcgtgtacccggaaagtgcgcccgaggattggcgcgagcggctgaaagcttctcacggttcgtttgccatatcgccgctacatggtggcgatgaggaagaggaaaaagaccactaccactgcatgtacatgcacggtggccctgcaacgcttgctgtcatggaacgcgcaataccagagggcatagcggcaaatggtcacattgagctgtgcttgcaccctcgcaactatcagcgctatctagtgcacctcgatgacccagaaaagcagcagtggagcggtaacccacgcgagctaatcgagacgttaaacggcttccccctcgacctgacgcgggagtattcgaaggaagagcgataccagcagcgtttggatgtcatggcgataatccgcgaaaacgggatatgcgagtatgccgacctgctggaaggtctgctggacaacggcatgtatgacctgttcgactacgcattcaatcatacgattgcgatgcagggctatctaggctcgcgcaggaatcgcggtagagtctatgcgagggagcaagacgagacggattgctga
>gene_5213|Replication protein
atggaaaacgaaaccggcttgagtgaacagaacttgttctttacggcctcacggccgaagctctgcctgcagcccaatcagatttcgcaggggctgtaccactgtacgccaatggcaaagaaactgcttgcctacaccatagcagagcttaaggtcatccgctggcatgacaacccgaataaaatacgctaccagacgaccttcactgtctccgactttatcaaggccctcggcctccagaaacagaagcagtcgtcaaaccagaaagagataatcagggaagccctcctggaattacaaaaaagttgcatagccatagacacgggaaaagaattccatacttttccctgggttgagcattcatgctacactgaagatgagaaaaaaatcctcatagacataaaccacaaccttggcgaagccctcatacaacttcagaaagggtacaccgagatgcagctcctcaccgtcgggaagctcaagagcctctatgccctgcgcttctatgagctgggaaagtcttatgccggattcgaagggaagaacgggaaccccaagggggaatggcacattgacctgactgtcgagcagatacggaagatg
>gene_49357|Rep50
atgcccgaaaataaatcaagggggcacgatcgcaccagaatctggtctttgatcgtgtatccggaatcagctccggaaaattggagagattttctggacgatcagcacgttgagtgggcagagagtccgcttcacgagttcgacacaaaccccaccggagaagtcaagaaagcacactggcatgttgtcatatccttcgatggcccaaagagctacgatcaggttcgtgagctgacagcggatctacagtgccctgctccgcagaaatgccatgcactcaaaggtgctgttcgatatttcgcccatctcgacaaccccgaaaagtatcaatatccggtttcggagatccgtggccatggcggttttgacgttcagtctgctttggcgccgacatctggtcaacggtacgatctgatcgttgagatgatggagtacatccaggacaacaagatctgtgagttccaggacttgatggagtacgcagctaaggaacgccgtcaagattggttccctcttctggttgataattccgcatacgtgatcgggcaatacttgaagtcgatccgacatcgacaggaacggcaggatcacaggagtagtaagtag
>gene_14948|Rep50
atgcccgaaaagaaatcaaggggacatgatcgtaccagaatctggtctttgatcgtgtatccggaatcggctccggaaaactggagagactttctggacgatcagcacgttgagtgggcagagagtccacttcacgagtttgatacaaatccgaccggagaagtcaagaaagcacactggcatgttgtcatttctttcgatggcccaaagagctatgatcaggttcgtgagctgacagcggatctacagtgccctgctccgcagaaatgccatgcactcaaaggtgctgttcgatatttcgcccatctcgacaacccagaaaagtatcaatatccggtttcggagatccgtggccatggcggttttgacgttcagtctgctttggcgccgacatctggtcaacggtacgatctgatcgttgagatgatggagtacatccaggacaacaagatctgtgagttccaggacttgatggagtacgcagcaaaggaacgccgtcaagactggttccctcttctggttgacaattccgcatacgtgatcggtcaatacttaaagtcgatccgacatcgacaggaacggcaggatcacaggggtagtaagtag
>gene_1570|Replication initiation protein
ttgactgttggtattcaagatttttggagtgatacaaaaatgaaagacaaagggaattatatcacagttagagataaatcggtagttaaagcaaatgatttaatacaaaagagccgattttcattatcactattacagcagaaaattgtgttgtatcttatatcacagataacagtatttgatactgatttcaaagagtatgaatttgatattagagaattttgccaagtctgcggaattgactatgataatggtggtaattacggatatttgaaagagcaaataaaggcaatagcagataaaagcctttggattaaaatacaggatgaagaaaccctgctaagatggattgaaaagccatacataaacaaaaagaacggaacaattagaatacgtttggataaagacatgaagccgtttcttttacagttaaaggctaacttcacgcagtatgaattaatttatacactacactttaagagtaaatacagcattagattatacgaattaataaaaagcatacattatcacgagaatgaaacgtatgaaagaatatatacagttgatgaactaaagcggttattagatgctgaaaaatatgat
>gene_26467|TraE protein, putative
ccttttttaacacaagaaatgttctcagaaagtgacgaagctctctattgcggattaaatgcaatttctcataatatcataatgatagacagaaaagatttgcgatgccccaacggacttatcttaggttctccgggcagtggtaagtctttttttgctaagagagaaatgacaaatgtttatcttgttacaggtgatgatatttttgtctgtgaccccgaagcagaatacgcaccgttagtacaggcactaaaggggcaggttgtaaaactttctcccaactcaccagaccatatcaatccaatggatattaacctcaactattctgaaggtgaaaatccgcttgccctaaagagtgactttatattttcgctttgtgaacttattcttgcgggacgagaaggtttaagtccgggagaacgaagtgttatcgacaggtcagttcgcattgtatatcaagattatttgcaaaatccgataccggagaatatgcctattcttggtgatttatacgatgtgataaagagtcagcccgaccccgaagcacaacacgtggcacgagcccttgaaatgtatgtaacaggtaatcttaatcagttcaactaa
>gene_14627|Replication protein
ttgaaaaaatcgaaaaaattaataagaaaacgcgactttgcgtttttgttgtatcctgagtctgtgaattctaaatggaaacagatattatctgatttgaaagtgcctgttttttggattttacatgataaagatactattgttgatgaggaaacaggaaaaactatacttaaaaagccacattatcacgttatgttaatgtttgaaaatccgcgttttgaaactactgcacagaatatttgtattcagtgtggtggtaatgggcatttggaatctataacatctaaacgaggctatgctaggtatttaacgcatattgatgattctgaaaaatatcgctattcatcgaatgatgttgtttgcttgggtggagcggattataatgctatatctatgtctttaacggatataaaaaacgttgaggataatattcttattgatgttattaattattgtaaaatgtctaatattattgcttactgccagttaattgactactgtattgaggagaaacgagaatggttatcttttttgcgttctccgaacgggaggatagttagggattatataaaatcacattattggtataaatataattcttga
>gene_6230|Replication protein
atgtctgaaaacaaatcaaaagaaaagacccgtggtgcaggtcgtacgcgtaattttgccaccgtagtttatcccgaaagcgctcctgctcattggcttgatattatttcaagtagtaaagtaccctgttttgtatcgcccttacatgataaagacactaatccagacaatacagtaaaaaaggctcattatcatgttattgctatgtttgaaagtgtgaagactaatgaacaagccgttgaatttttcaaaactttcaatggtgttggatgtgaagttgtaaaaagtcttcgctcttatgcccgttatctttgccacatggacaaccccgacaaatatcaatattcacgggatgatgtaaagagttttggtggcgctgattatatatacaccattggaacagctgcagacaaaacaaaatctatcagagaaatgataaattttataaatgaacaggatgtaacctgctttgcggatctcatgttgtacgcatcagaaaatcgttctgattggtttgacactttgataaatagtggcgcttatgtaatcaaagaatatatcaagtcatatacttggaaatatcatcatactgaagaaaaatag
>gene_41023|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgagttcagaaaaatcaactaaaaatataaaaaaacgtttatgggcattcgtggcatatcctgagagcttgccctctgattggctcgaacaattaaagcaaagtggtttgcaaattgctatatcaccgttgcacgatagggatattaatgctgataatagccctaaaaagccacattatcacattatacttgtgtattcgggtcctaccacttacaagaatgtatcgacctttacagcctctataaatggcactgtgccaataccattagagcaagtaaggggttattatcgctatttaacacatcaggataaccctgaaaaggcacagtataacgaaagcgatataatagccttaaatggctttgatattcgtgagtttatagaactcacgaagtcagaagtccttcaaattaaaaaagaattacaatcctttatccgtgataatgatatagtcgagtatgcttattttatggattgtattcttgatatggctgacggctcaaacaatatgttgcaatggtatgaagttgcaagcagcaacactttattttttgcaaactacataaaaagccgtagacattcacagccacctaaaaaataa
>gene_6213|RepB
atggctaacaaaaattcaaaaggcgagtcatacggcacaggtcgcacaaggaattatgcctgtgttgtctatcctgagagtgcccctgagaattgggagaacactatctcagagtcaaaagtatcgttgttcgtatctccgttacacgataaggatattaaccccgataatacgtcgaaaaaggcacactatcacgttatggctatgttcgatagtgttaagaccaaagaacaagccaaggagttttttgagacctttggtggtgttggttgcgaggttgttaattccgttatgggttattccaggtatctatgtcatttagataatcccgaaaaggcacagtattccgttgatgatgtaagagcttttggcggtgcggattatatgcacgccataggaacgcaagcggacaaggcaaagtctattcgtgagatgattgcattcattgaggagaatgacatcatctgttttgcggacttgttcacttatgcgtcaatcaatcgttcagattggtttgacactctgattaacagcggtgcatatgtgattaaggagtttatcaagagtaggacttggaaagttcatcagacggaggaaaagtaa
>gene_14387|Replication protein
ttggtttatccagagtccgcaccggaaaactggatgaccattttgggcgaaatgtgcattcccgcattcatctcacctttgcatgatatggatgtgaatgatgaggacggcgagattaaaaaagcacactatcatgttatgatcatgtttgaaaacacgaagacgatggagcaggcgaaggaggtcttcgatgccattggcggcgttggctgcaagaaggttgcaagtctacgtggcctcgctcgttacctttgccacttagacaatccagagaagtatcagtatgacacagctgacgtcaaggcatttgcaggtgctgactacagaggaactataggattgacgtcagataagtacgtcgcaattggcgagatgatagacttttgcgaagaagacaatattgtcaattacgcacagctcttaatgtacgccaaggcaaaccgagaagactggttccgcgttctttgcgacaacggaactatggtcatgaaggagtttctgaaatcacgccattgggctattcagaatcagatctcctctggtaggccggataagaattcagaacttccgaaggacggtgacgtcaatgggcaagaagattag
>gene_2581|Site-specific recombinase/resolvase
atgaaaacaaatagatttactgctttatatattagggtttcaaccgatgctcaagcagaagaaggatattctattgaagcgcaaaaagaaatgcttgaaggtttttgtaaagcaaaacaagttaataattataagttttatatagatggtggtttttcaggcagtaacattaatagaccttacctagaaaaattaattattgatataaaagacggactcgttaaaactgtagttgtgtataaactagacagattatcgcgtagccaaaaagatactctttatttaattgaagatgttcttaatccaaacaacacagagtttgtttcattaaacgaaaatctagatacctcaacttcaattggcagagctatgcttggaattatgtcagcttttgcgcaactggaacgcgaaaccataaaagaacgaactcgtatgggcatgaagaaaagggttgaatccggtctgtggatgggcggcggtaagacaccatttggttttgattacgattcaaacacaggaaaattaatcccaaacagtgatgcaaaaaccgtaaagtcaatttatgaattatatataaatggatattctccaaattatattgctaatgcattaaatatcaagtacgatcaattagttgtacagatattaaaaagacatttaaattatggtgctattaactataaaggaaaaatatatgaagactgtcatgaagcaataatcagcaaagaaatctttctaaccgcaatgaatgaaatgaaaagacgtagtaaaattaaatcccctacgtctgattatttattaaccggattattatactgcggtgtttgtggtgctaaaatacgatatcaaaagtggggtaagtaccaaactaaacttgtttgttattcgcatcaaactagtaaaaaatatttaattaaaaacagaaactgtactcttgaacgatttaactcagaaaaaattgaaaaagcggtattggaagatatttttacctttaaaatgaaagagatttcttctgataataatagatcaaataaaacaatagaaatattaaaagaaagcgaaaactcaataaaaaccagacttaaaagattatatgaactatattcagtaggcggagatgaaatcttacttgaaacaataaaagaaacaaaagaaaatttacaagacattaaaataaaaattgcttcactaaatgaaaaaagcgaggcaattacaaataatataaatagtctaaaaaaaatagaaacgttaaaatctttatgggattttataagcaataaagaaaaacagttgctgataagaagtgtaattgataaggttattatatataacgaaaaaattgaggttgtttataatgtttaa
>gene_39468|Replication protein
atgaaacaaactaaaagaacaagaaacttcgtggctatcggttaccccgaaagcctttgtgagaattggctggagaaattagccgatacacacattcaaatcgtaatcagtccattacacgataaggacaaaaaccccgatggtgagaccaagaaagcccactatcacattatgttgatgtatgaatcaccacacacccaagaacaggcacaggaaatctttgattcagttggctgtactcgttgcgaaatggtcaattcaacgagaggccaagcccgttacatgtgccatctggacaacctagaaaaagagcaatatccaacatctgatgttaggtgtttgaatggggttgattacacatcattgattgaactgccttcagacaatcgcgaggcattacgcgagatgatccaattcattcaagaccaagacatacgatatttcgagacactcgttacctatgctgcacaatacaatgaatcgtggtttagggcattaagtgagcatagcaccttattcatttccgagttcatcaaatcgtatgcataccgaaagaaaaatgaaatgtggagtattccaactgaccccgacaataggaagtga
>gene_53470|Tyrosine recombinase XerC 2
atgaagagtaaatacctggacaacgtagaggttaaaaagctgcgttcagctatgagcggcgaggagtggttgccgttctgggtaagcctggaaacggggcttcgagtcggtgatgtagttaagctcaaaccgagagatttacaaaaagacggcatacactacaccgccgagaaaacggggaaaaaggggattgcgagtatatcgcaagctctgcggaaagaactcgaaaagagaaaggggaaatacatttttccgtcatcaaggtcgaagcaaggacacatcacgcgacaagcggtttggttgagagtaaagcgagcaggagagcgagccggtatcgacctcgaaggggtttcacctcatgcaatgcgaaaggcctttgcggtagagctctatcggaagaagggtttcaaggtagtgcagcaagcactgcagcacgcaaatgcagccacaacagagatatacagcttcgcagactgggacaccggagaaaatgcaaacttgcctttgcaacgtagagatttgaagcttatcgtcagaatggtgctcgaagctctcggagatagctacacaatgccaaaagaaagcaccaaaaaaaagccataa
>gene_43285|Plasmid replication protein
atgcatagaaataaaactcctcgtgtatactctaacagtatatcacaggaacagccgattgtcaatgaaaattcgatttacaatgtcttggcaaatgccgaagaaaagttgatgaaatcatcggacatacgaaaaaaattaagtgattattatttaaacaaagaaaagaaaaaccaggcgttggcggtcaaaaattgtggaacttttctgatgttcaaagaatataagaacgcagaaaaaacggcaaaactcgacaaagcaaatttctgcaaagcacctttgtgtccgctctgctcgtggcgtaagagccttaaaaattccgcgataatgtcacaggcaataagcaacacgcggtcttatttgtaccaccttgtattggctgttccgaacacgccaacgatagacaaggaagatttaatgtatataaaaaaatgtgctacatactttatcaaatatcatttggaattgaagtcttatgtatccaatcttgaaatcacacgaagtgacaaaggatttcaccctcatttgcacattattttggagagcccaacatttataagggttgacgaaaaatacataaagacgatgtctaaactttgg
>gene_17548|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
ccgtcaaccggtgaaataattcatgattcaaaatatactgtaactgcaattaataacgaagatgactatatcaaggtgtatagatatctaaatactgtgtttgccttcaaaggaatcaatcaaagttacattccggttttgatggaaatatcaaattacatgacatatgccgataaggggcaggaagtaaatctaacaaaatactacaaagacaagattgctgcagcagtagggatatctggaaaacgtgttaatgatatcattacaggattgaaacaagctgatgtcctgcgttccatccctggtgctcgcggtgtttacgccgtgaatcctttcataattggacgtggaaagtggagtgacataaaagagctccgggcaagatttgattatgataccggcttaatgacaactcaatctatcgtcgaagataaaataaccggacagactattgctcaaataacttccgaagtaaaaaaagaccgaaaacagataccaggtcaaatgtctatgtttgaggaggaataa
>gene_52058|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
ttggcaagaacaaaaagaagggatggtttacttatgggagcaaaaacatataaacacgaaacagaaatctttgacccgtcaaccggtgaaataattcatgattcaaaatatactgtaactgcaattaataacgaagatgactatatcaaggtgtatagatatctaaatactgtgtttgccttcaaaggaatcaatcaaagttacattccggttttgatggaaatatcaaattacatgacatatgccgataaggggcaggaagtaaatctaacaaaatactacaaagacaagattgctgcagcagtagggatatctggaaaacgtgttaatgatatcattacaggattgaaacaagctgatgtcctgcgttccatccctggtgctcgcggtgtttacgccgtgaatcctttcataattggacgtggaaagtggagtgacataaaagagctccgggcaagatttgattatgataccggcttaatgacaactcaatctatcgtcgaagataaaataaccggacagactattgctcaaataacttccgaagtaaaaaaagaccgaaaacagataccaggtcaaatgtctatgtttgaggaggaataa
>gene_4844|Replication protein repB
atggctagtaaaaataaagctgggcagtcttatggcacaggacgtacaaggaattacgcttgtgttgtctatccggaaagcgctccggacaattggaaggatattataaccgaaagtaaagtaccggtatttatatcccccctccatgatcaggacaagaaccctacaggagaaccaaaaaaaccccactatcatgtagtggcaatgtatgacaatgtaaagactaaagagcaagccgaggagttcttcaagtccttcggtggagttggttgtgaagtagtaaactcgataagaggttatgcgaggtatctatgtcacttggataatcccgaaaaggcacagtataaagttgatgacgtaacagcattaggtggagctgattacatgcacacaataggaactgctgccgataaagcaaaaactataagggagatgttggcatatatcgaagaaaacgacataacatgctttgctgacttatcactacatgcatcaattaaccgctcggattggttcgatacactaataaacaatggagcgtacttcatcaaggaatacataaagagtagaacttggaaattacatcatgaggaggaaaaataa
>gene_52489|Putative replication protein
ttgattgtttcccaagataagaaaaactgccccgttctggctaacggagcagcgacttcttcatcctgggcagatgatgtgtgcgtatttactggcgtagattataccacaaataatgaagaatgtcaaggcttttcggaattaaaagagatagaaaaaaagtttttaccaaagcgacaacacgcggaattgttgtccgcctcttttggtcggcttgattatgtcaagcgatcggagagagttcttgattgtggtacctatttagagtttgcccattccgttgacggctacggcgttattgatgagaagggtaagctccacaatgccaatttttgtcgcgataggctctgcccaatgtgtgcgtggcggcgttcttataagatttttgctcaagtttctcaaattatgaaactcataaagaacgattacgcttttgtttttctcacgctcacaattcccaatgttaaaggtgatgagctcgcagaagctattgactctctcggtgtcggttggcaaaagctcaaaaaagataagagagtaaagaaaatactcaagggatatttcaaggctcttgagattactcgcaatgctctgcgtgat
>gene_36626|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgagaggtattattatgaaatttgggtatgcacgagttagtgggttatcacaagacttggaattacaagttaaacaactagaagatcagggagttcctagagaaaatatttatgctgagaaatttacaggaattaaagaagatcgccccgaatggttgaagttatcaaagcaattaagaaaaggcgatgaggtcgtttttactaaggtcgaccgtataggacgttcagttaaagtggggattgatattgttgatgatttacttaatcgaggcgtaaaggtttatattatccagttaaatggatatgttgatcgcaagagtccgatgggaaaaatgatgttcaatttcttaatggtaatggctgaatttgaacatgatatgatagttgatcgattagcaacagggaaagcatacgcaaagaaaaacaatcctaactaccgtgaaggacgaccaaagcggaaaattacaaatagatataggaaagtatatgaggtatcgcaagaacactctataagagaaacagcactaattactggagtgtcagagagtaccgtcaagaggattaagcgacaagttaaacaggaagaaaaaaaggggcgttaa
>gene_33438|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgagaggtattattatgaaatttgggtatgcacgagttagtgggttatcacaagacttggaattacaagttaaacaactagaagatcagggagttcctagagaaaatatttatgctgagaaatttacaggaattaaagaagatcgccccgaatggttgaagttatcaaagcaattaagaaaaggcgatgaggtcgtttttactaaggtcgaccgtataggacgttcagttaaagtggggattgatattgttgatgatttacttaatcgaggcgtaaaggtttatattatccagttaaatggatatgttgatcgcaagagtccgatgggaaaaatgatgttcaatttcttaatggtaatggctgaatttgaacatgatatgatagttgatcgattagcaacagggaaagcatacgcaaagaaaaacaatcctaactaccgtgaaggacgaccaaagcggaaaattacaaatagatataggaaagtatatgaggtatcgcaagaacactctataagagaaacagcactaattactggagtgtcagagagtaccgtcaagaggattaagcgacaagttaaacaggaagaaaaaaaggggcgttaa
>gene_41013|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_34679|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_37434|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_44794|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_36902|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_26857|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagacagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcataagtcctttgcatgacagagacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgaggaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcctgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcggacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgtgacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_33207|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_42916|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_48393|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_33858|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctgatacaagagaaagagttttcgcaactatcgtctatcccgagtccgctcctgcggattggagggatattgtggattcgtggcatgttggtgcgttcattagtcctttgcatgacagggacgtgaatgcagatggaacaccaaagaaaccacactatcacgtgatgttgttctttgatggcaagaagaattacgaaacacagattaagcctttgttcgatgcgatcggcggagtcggtcgtgagaaaattgtgtctgtgcgtgggtacactcgttacctttgccatttggataatcccgagaaggctcagtatgagagggcagacgttcaagcctttggcggtctgtcgtatgaccttgagatacagagtccttccgatgagcagcagacgctgaaagacatgcaggattttgttcgtaagaacatgattgtctcgtttgcagattttgcggattattgtgccgacaataacgacgtctggtacaagttgttgacggacaagaaaacgtattatttcaccaagtacatgaagtcgattgagtactcaacgagaatgaaaatcgaccgtgagacaggtgaaattttggacgagtga
>gene_28477|Replication protein
atgttatacttacgaagaaaggcaaaaaccctaaaaccaaagaaaggaggtaaaaaggtgggggaatatgataagagcatggagtatataagccagacacagacccttgtaggagagaaaagaaagacactggttgaccaagatacaggcgaagtaattatggttgaccagataacaaaaagggtgtacgggacaaagcagttttggaagatatacttaatggacttcctaagcatcttgggtatactggaaagcaagcagttagacgtatttatttacattgcagagaacacgaaccagagcaataatatctttctgggaacatacaagaaaatagcaaaagatgttggagtctctgaacctacaatcgcaaagattatgaagaaattgcaagataataacttcataaaaaaggtgcaaaatggtgcgtggctggtcaatcctaatatcctaatgaaaggaaacgacactaagcgtcaaatcctactgtcatattacgaagcggacgaacctattgacgagataacgctaaaaagaacacgcagagaagaaattaaggacaatgaggaagcgcaaaaaggcctatttgagcctcaataa
>gene_52035|Replication protein
atgttatacttacgaagaaaggcaaaaaccctaaaaccaaagaaaggaggtaaaaaggtgggggaatatgataagagcatggagtatataagccagacacagacccttgtaggagagaaaagaaagacactggttgaccaagatacaggcgaagtaattatggttgaccagataacaaaaagggtgtacgggacaaagcagttttggaagatatacttaatggacttcctaagcatcttgggtatactggaaagcaagcagttagacgtatttatttacattgcagagaacacgaaccagagcaataatatctttctgggaacatacaagaaaatagcaaaagatgttggagtctctgaacctacaatcgcaaagattatgaagaaattgcaagataataacttcataaaaaaggtgcaaaatggtgcgtggctggtcaatcctaatatcctaatgaaaggaaacgacactaagcgtcaaatcctactgtcatattacgaagcggacgaacctattgacgagataacgctaaaaagaacacgcagagaagaaattaaggacaatgaggaagcgcaaaaaggcctatttgagcctcaataa
>gene_13389|MULTISPECIES: replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaaacaagtggtacaggacgtaccaggaattttgcgacggtagtgtacccggagtcagctccggagaattggcagcagattttagaagaggagtttgtcccggcatttatcagcccattacataaccaggacacaaaccctactggagaaccaaaaaagccacactatcacgtcatcattatgtttgacagtacaaagacaacagaccaggcaagtgcaattttcagcaagataaacggtgttggttgtgaaaaaatcaattcaatacgtgggtacgccaggtatctatgtcatttagataatcccgaaaagtttcagtatccgcaagaggaagtacgctccatgtgtggcgccgattatcccgccactatcggtcttgttactgacaaatacaaggctatcggagaaatgatagacttttgcgaattaaacgacattataagttattctgaattacttaaatattgcagaatggagcgtttcgattggttcagggtgctatgtgataatggcaccatcgtcatgaaagaatatctcaagtcgaaagaatggacagaaagaaatcaacattcggaattttacgagtaa
>gene_28764|RepB
ggtgttggttgtgaaaaaatcaattcaatacgtgggtacgccaggtatctatgtcatttagataatcccgaaaagtttcagtatccgcaagaggaagtacgctccatgtgtggcgccgattatcccgccactatcggtcttgttactgacaaatacaaggctatcggagaaatgatagacttttgcgaattaaacgacattataagttattctgaattacttaaatattgcagaatggagcgtttcgattggttcagggtgctatgtgataatggcaccatcgtcatgaaagaatatctcaagtcgaaagaatggacagaaagaaatcaacattcggaattttacgagtaa
>gene_29710|Plasmid replication protein
atgggagaaaagaaaacaagtggtacaggacgtaccaggaattttgcaacggtagtttacccggagtccgcaccggaaaattggcagcagatactcgaagaagaatttgtaccggcatttatcagcccattacataaccaggacacaaaccctacgggagaaccaaaaaagccacactaccacgttattatcatgtttgacagcaccaaaacatcagaccaggcaaacgctattttcgagaaaatagcgggtgtcggttgt
>gene_55734|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggacgatgaaaagtcaaagaaggatacgcgaacgcggaattggactatcgtggtatatcctgacagtgctcctgagaattggagagacatactggatgagatgcacattgagtgggtcgaaagtccactgcatgacagtgatttaaacgctacaggagagaagaaaaaggcacactggcatgttctgctgatgtttggtggagtaaaggcttatgagcaagtcatggagctgtgccaggacttaaattgtccgagacctgagcgatgccataatgcaaaggcaatggttcggtatatggctcatttggataatcccgacaaggcacagtacaacatctctgacatcatccctcatggtggtgtagacattgccgaattgctcagaccgaacgcatctgagcggtatacccttatccgtgagatgataggctttatccgagacaatgaaattatggagtttcaagatgtcgtagattatgcctctgacatgagaccagacgattggtttccgttgctttgtgataacagtgcgtttgtcgtaaaccagtacataaagtctcaaaggcatagaaaaaagggcaacagtgacgaagagtag
>gene_50837|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggacgacgaaaagtcaaagaaggatacgcgaacgcggaattggactatcgtggtatatcctgacagtgctcctgagaactggagagacatactagacgagatgcacattgagtgggtcgaaagtccactgcatgacagtgatttaaacgctacaggagagaagaaaaaggcacactggcacatcttgctgatgttcggcggagtaaaggcttatgagcaagtcatggagctgtgccaggacttgaattgtccgagacctgagcgatgccataatgcaaaagcaatggttcgatacatggctcatttggacaatcctgataaggcacagtacagcatttccgacatcatccctcatggtggtgtagacattgctgaattgctcagaccgaatgcatcagaacggtacacccttatccgtgaaatgataggctttatccgtgacaatgaaatcactgagtttcaagatgtcgtggattatgcctctgccatgagaccagacgattggttcccgttgctttgcgataacagtgcatttgtcgtgaaccagtacataaagtctcaaaggcatagaaaaaagggcaacagtgacgaagagtag
>gene_8498|Replication protein
atgagtgaaaaagtgtcaactgaaaaaacggaaactctccggtaccggaactatgcttgtgtggtatatccggagtcggctccggaaaactggaaaactattatttcagaatctaaaatccctgtgtttatttcccctttacatgataaagatataaatgctaatggtgaacctaaaaagcaacattatcatgtaatgtcaatgtatgacggaaaaaagaccgaaaaacaagctaaagatttttttgagtctttcggtggcgttggctgcgaagttgtaaaatcgcaacgcgcctatgctagatacctttgtcatttagataatcccgaaaaagcacaatataaaacaactgatgttttgtcatatggtggcgctgattatatggtcataattagcacaatggcagataagaacaaagcaattagagagatggttcaatatatcaatgaaacagatatagactctttttatgagcttgtatgttatgcagaaggttttaagcctgaatggttcgactgtcttatgaattcaggaacatattttattaaagaatttataaagtctaggacgtggaagttgcacaataaagaagaaaagtag
>gene_36598|DNA recombinase
atgactacatacggttacgcacgagtgagcagcaaagaccagaaccttgaccgccagcttgaccagctgaaagccatcggcattgaaccccggaatatcttctgcgataaggcaagcggcaagaacttcaaccgccccagctggaacagcttgattgaccagctacaaaagggagacttacttgttgtcgtgtctcttgaccgtatgggacgtaactacaccgacattaaggaacagtggcagcacatcacgcacaccatcggcgcagatattaaggtgcttgatatgcccatgctagataccagccagaccgccgagagccttgaccgccgatttattgccgaccttgttcttcagattctttcctacacagcagagaaagagcgcaagaacatccacgccagacaggaacagggcattaaggcagcacaggaaagaaacgtcaagtttggcagaccagcagcacagtttcccgatggatgggaacagacctacaaggcatggaaggacggtcagattacagcaacggcagcaatgaacagtctgaacctgaagcgcactaccttctataaactggtcaaacagtacgagcagcagtaa
>gene_27512|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer
atgaagatgttggaagccatagaccgcctgggatccgtcatgcagcgtatgctccctgttatcatcctggtattggcagccgtgctgatcttggacaaggcgaggaattgtcaaaagaaaatggggcagctgcggaagggtagtaagggaaaagcacagggagtgatctttggcaaagcagggggaacggtgatttactcgccgactgcagcggagggccatgtggcgatatttggtggatccggcttgggtaagactagtgcgctcttgatccctacgttgcgcaactggacaggatctagttttgtgatagatatctctggcgacatttgtaaaaatgttgagatccaaaacaagatgatctatgagcctgcagaccctaatagtatcccatatgacatatttgcaccgattgatcgtctggctgacgaggacgatcagaacgaagctctggaagaattagcctttttactgatgccggaaagcgaaagaatggcagatgctgcgagattttttaatatcgagggacggaagatcctgactgcagcactcatcgctttttatcgaactgggttggattttgtcgaaatttgcgagaagattgtggggagtagttggcaacagttgtttaatgctatagatgcgaccaaatatcgaaaggccattctgtacataaacagtttcgaaggggcgaacgaggccaacactgcaggctgtaagcaagccgtagatgccgttttaaagctgtttgcaaccaatcaaaggataaagtgtaccctgcgccgcccaaaagggcaagaaacggcatttagccctgctgtactggaaaataacaatgtattcgtagtgatcgacgacagcaagttaaaactatatgcaccgctgctgcatatcatcaccgctcagagtttggaatacttctcaacaagatccaacgacagcaagaccacgatcctattctgcctggatgaatttgcaagcatgggcaagatggagatcaccgatgcgctgcgtaagctgcgcaagaaacacgtgaggatcatggtgctgacccagagcatggcagatctggatctcatctatggcagggacgaaaggatggccatgatgaataactttcgtttcaaagtaatcctgggggctgatgacaccgatacccaggattatttcgcaaagctgatcggctacaaggagacgacaaaaaagagtacatcccataacgcacatcagaccacacacaccgagagcgaggcaagggagtgggcgatagagcctgcagatctcgccaggttaggtgatcgcctggtgctgctgcacccagaagggtacatgaagttgaaaaagaatttttactacaaatga
>gene_53340|Replication protein
atgagggattatgtagaaaaaagaaagaatttgaagaaagaaaagagggtacgaaattttacatttttagtttatgaagagtcagcacagcctgattggaaggagagaatacataagttagctttaccatgtttttacatttatcatgataaagatattgagaaaggaaaaataaagaaaccgcattatcatattttgtttcttttgaattcattgcattcaagaaggcaaattttagaaattgtagagtatatagggggagcaaatggtgtatatgaggaggttattgattcaaaaagtttcgcaaggtatttatgtcatttagataatccagagaaacatgtgtatgcagttagtgaaattgttagtttagggggtttagattattctaaatatatgtttactgaatctgataaattaagaatagttgaagagataatagatttttctgataaatatggtatttataattttgctgatttggtagattatagtaggaaaaataataatgcttggtttcgtgtgttatgcggtttgtctggaagagtggtaaaggaatatgttaagtctaagtattggggctatcttgaaggtagatga
>gene_54942|Plasmid replication protein
atgccggtaaatcgttttcgtaattttgtcacaattgtttatccagaatcagccccaactaattggcgtgaggttttagcccaaacttgtgttccggccatagtttccccattacacgataaggacgtgaatccagacggcgaacctaaaaaggcacattggcacgttatgttgatgttccccggtgttaagactattgaacaagtcaccggactatgcaaaaagtttggtggtattaagccacagacagttagtagtgttcaaggtcaagcccgatatctcattcacaaagataaccccgaaaaagcccagtataaccccaatgaaatcgaatgtttttctggtgctgattggtcggagatcgtaaaaacaagtcgtgatcgttatgacacattagaggacattatcgcctttatggatgaaagaaagatattttcctattacgatttggtgaactattgccggcttaataatcgtcaatggtttgaggtatgctgtgataacaccgtattgcttaaaggtttgtgtcagtctggtgagtggactatgggtcaaaagccatcccactatttttcggaatctaggcccttttcggattag
>gene_26196|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgccggtaaatcgttttcgtaattttgtcacaattgtttatccagaatcagccccaactaattggcgtgaggttttagcccaaacttgtgttccggccatagtttccccattacacgataaggacgtgaatccagacggcgaacctaaaaaggcacattggcacgttatgttgatgttccccggtgttaagactattgaacaagtcaccggactatgcaaaaagtttggtggtattaagccacagacagttagtagtgttcaaggtcaagcccgatatctcattcacaaagataaccccgaaaaagcccagtataaccccaatgaaatcgaatgtttttctggtgctgattggtcggagatcgtaaaaacaagtcgtgatcgttatgacacattagaggacattatcgccttt
>gene_5083|replication protein
atgtcagacaaaacgcaaacaagtggcgctaatcgtacccgaaactatgccactgttgtctatcctgagagtgcacctgataattggctggacatactcagggatttgaaagtctccgcccttgtctcgcccttgcacgataaggacgtaaaccccgacagcggagaagtaaagaaacctcactatcatgtacagttcttgtttgatggacctaagaccgaaaaacaggctcgtgacctagccgaacaaatagggggcgttggtcttgaagtcttgaactcggttcgaggtatggctcgatacctttgtcacctggacaaccccgagaagttccaatacagtcccgacgatgtgatcgctatcggttcagctgattacaacgaactcatttcactcccttctgacaagtaccggataataaaagagatactcgcttggtgtgatgaaaatgaaattttttactactccgacttgctccggtacgctatggaaaatcgctccgattggttcagatgtctttgtgacaacggaacgtatcctgtgaaggagttcctcaagtctgaaaacttcaagagaaagagagaaactgagacaacctaa
>gene_14425|replication protein, partial
atggcaaaagataaagcaagcaccggagacggtcgcgctcgaatttgggcggctattgtctacccggagagcgcgccagaagactggcgagaacggctcgatgctgagcatatcgaatgggcggaaagcccactccatgacatggacgttaacgagagtaccggcgaactcaagaaaccgcattggcatatcatccttgcctttgatggcaagaagtcttacgagcaggttgttgagattcttgaacccttgaatggacctatcccgaaacgctgccattcgttgaaaggcgctgtgcgctatatggcacatcttgacaacccagagaaggctcagtatcccccgagcctgattgtgggacatggcggctttgacgtggcttctgcgatgcttcctacctccgcgcagaggtatcagttgattgcagagatgcaagtttgggtcaaggaaaacggaattatcgagatgcaggacttgatggactacgcacgcgataaccgggtagaagactggtatccgctgctttgcgatagttgcgcttacgtcatggggatgtacatcaagagccagagacaccgtatgcagccacggcgagagtga
>gene_56563|RepB
atggcaaaagataaagcaagcaccggagacggtcgcgctcgaatttgggcggctattgtctacccggagagcgcgccagaagactggcgagaacggctcgatgctgagcatatcgaatgggcggaaagcccactccatgacatggacgttaacgagagtaccggcgaactcaagaaaccgcattggcatatcatccttgcctttgatggcaagaagtcttacgagcaggttgttgagattcttgaacccttgaatggacctatcccgaaacgctgccattcgttgaaaggcgctgtgcgctatatggcacatcttgacaacccagagaaggctcagtatcccccgagcctgattgtgggacatggcggctttgacgtggcttctgcgatgcttcctacctccgcgcagaggtatcagttgattgcagagatgcaaatttgggtcaaggaaaacggaattatcgagatgcaggacttgatggactacgcacgcgataaccgggtagaagactggtatccgctgctttgcgatagttgcgcttacgtcatggggatgtacatcaagagccagagacaccgtatgcagccacggcgagagtga
>gene_5099|RepB
atgtctgaatcttatcgtgcaagaaactttgcttgcgtggtttacccggagtctgctccagctgattggctcgatatcctttctgagtcgaaagctcccgtttttgtctctcctctgcatgactctgatgtaaacccgggcggtgaatctaaaaagccgcattatcacattctagtcgcatacgacggtaaaaagtccgaaaatcaggctcgtgctttctttgagtctttcggtggtgtcggttgtgagtctgtccaatctctccgtggctatgccaggtatctgtgtcacctggataatcccgaaaagtttcagtatcctatcgaccaggtcagagctttcggcggtcttgactatgttcagactatcggactccctaccgataagtacaaggctctccgggagatgatgcaattttgtcgtgagcatcggatagtatcgtatgctgtcctagctgattatgccgcggataatcatttcgattggttccgtgttctggctgattcaggatctgtttttatgcgtgaatatctcaagtccgtttcttggactatgtctcaggagccaaaaatcgaccctgaaacaggagaatatctctag
>gene_50707|Replication protein repB
gaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgaccaggtaaaggaaattacatctaaaattaatgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagttctaaaggcactgttcgttatatggctcatttggataatcccgaaaaagctcagtataatttttctgatataaaggctcatggtggtgctgatgtatctgaacttcttaagcctacatcttcagagcgttacaagtttataaacgaaatgtgcgattttataaaagataatgaaatcactgaatttcaggatgttgttgattatgcacgtatcaatcattttgaaacctggtttcctttgctttgtgataattctgcttatattattggtcagtatgtcaaatcacaaaggcatagaagggttaaaggtgatgaataa
>gene_1719|RepB
atgtcttctaaaaagtcaagtgaggatatcaaacgtactagaaattgggtgtgtatagtataccctgattcagctccagagaattggcgtagtattatcgatgattaccatattcaatggattgagtcccctttgcataatttggatgttaatccggataccggggaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgagcaggtaaaggaaattacttctaaaattaacgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagctctaaaggcactgttcgttatatggctcatttggataaccccgaaaaagctcaatataacttttctgatataaaggctcatggtggtgctgatgtatctgaacttcttaagcctacatcttcagagcgttacaagtttataaacgaaatgtgcgattttataaaagataatgaaatcactgaatttcaggatgttgttgattatgcacgtatcaatcattttgaaacctggtttcctttgctttgtgataattctgcttttattattggtcagtatgtcaaatcacaaaggcatagaagggttaaaggtgatgaataa
>gene_26525|RepB protein
atgtctttgaaaaagtcaagtgaggatatcaaacgtactagaaattgggtgtgtatagtataccctgattcagctcctgagaattggcgtagtattatcgatgattaccatattcaatggattgagtcccctttacataatttggatgttaatccggataccggggaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgaccaggtaaaggaaattacatctaaaattaacgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagttctaaaggcactgttcgt
>gene_55666|replication protein
atgtctttgaaaaagtcaagtgaggatatcaaacgtactagaaattgggtgtgtatagtataccctgattcagctcctgagaattggcgtagtattatcgatgattaccatattcaatggattgagtcccctttacataatttggatgttaatccggataccggggaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgaccaggtaaaggaaattacatctaaaattaacgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagttctaaaggcactgttcgttatatggctcatttggataatcccgaaaaagctcagtataatttttctgatataaaggctcatggtggtgctgatgtatctgaacttcttaagcctacatcttcagagcgttacaagtttataaacgaaatgtgcgattttataaaagataatgaaatcactgaatttcaggatgttgttgattatgcacgtatcaatcattttgaaacctggtttcctttgctttgtgataattctgcttatattattggtcagtatgtcaaatcacaaaggcatagaagggttaaaggtgatgaataa
>gene_52007|replication protein
gtgtaccctgattcagctcctgagaattggcgcagcattatcgatgattatcatattcaatggattgagtcccctttacataatttggatgtaaatccggataccggggaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgagcaggtaaaggaaattacaactaaaattaacgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagttctaaaggcactgtccgttatatggctcatttggataaccccgaaaaagctcagtataatttttctgatataaaggctcatggtggtgctgatgtatctgaacttcttaagcctacatcttcagagcgttacaagtttataaacgaaatgtgcgattttataaaagataatgaaatcactgaatttcaggatgttgttgattatgcacgtatcaatcattttgaaacctggtttcctttgctttgtgataattctgcttttataattggtcagtatgtcaaatcacaaaggcatagaaggtttaaaggtgatgaataa
>gene_53094|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atgtctttgaaaaagtcaagtgaggatatcaaacgtactagaaattgggtgtgtatagtataccctgattcagctcctgagaattggcgtagtattatcgatgattaccatattcaatggattgagtcccctttacataatttggatgttaatccggataccggggaacttaaaaaagcacattggcatgtgctgctgcttttcgatggtgttaagaccttcgaccaggtaaaggaaattacatctaaaattaacgctgctattcctgttaagtgtgcaagttctaaaggcactgttcgttatatggctcatttggataatcccgaaaaagctcagtataatttttctgatataaaggctcatggtggtgctgatgtatctgaacttcttaagcctacatcttcagagcgttacaagtttataaacgaaatgtgcgattttataaaagataatgaaatcactgaatttcaggatgttgttgattatgcacgtatcaatcattttgaaacctggtttcctttgctttgtgataat
>gene_20553|Initiator RepB protein family
atcgccgagcacgaccgagatttgaaaacctacacttgcaaaatcgcagatctggcggatttcctcgggattgatagctcgaatttataccgagatgtaagagccgtttgcgaaagtgctatgcgttcggtggtatatgtcgggacaggcaatcccaaagatccgtggtcgctgatacactgggtatctatggcgcactatgacggcaacggcactctgaccttgcggctctccgacgagctgaagccctatgttctggagttgcagtcgtggtttacgcagtacaagctaaagcacatactctctttatcgagttactacgcactacggctttatgagattctaagagtagaggacggcaggacaggcggctaccagtcggagctgacctttgacctcgaggatcttcgccgtgttcttgggtgcgagaagaagtatggagcttttaaagacttccgaaaaagagttattgagatcgccgtgcgcgagatcaacgagaaaactgatatatacatcatacctcgatatgagaaacaagggcgagcggtagctcgcgttagttttgaaattcacgcgaatttcaaaagatttcagcaataa
>gene_50531|Replication initiation protein
atggcgactagtgacaattctccggcattggttgaggcgcttagggagttgcggattgcgcacactccaacccgcatagattcggcgatcgattgggaggaggaggggttgtttgagtctctttcgggcggtcttattgccttcgctatggatagccgtctttccatcacgcaggtgggtgattgggttcgaggtgaggcgcgcacgctttacgtgggttcaaaggattcagttgtcaggcttgtgctgtatgagaaagggtatgagcaaggctgtttgcatcgaaaacattgggtgcggatggaagcgcggataaggccaaagggcgcagccaggcagcacgcaatgacctttgacccgatggatgtgtatgcgtgtggatggttgccggatgcgcttaccgctattgcgtttgagcatggtctcagtaagcgcgccataggtacgttgttcaggaagtcagacgttgagcgctccagggcggcgcttgcaaagcaatacggcggtgtccttcaagattgggccgatgaggtagggggttgggcatcgcttggtttgttgctgggcgatctggttgggtcaaaagccgaaattgcttag
>gene_9135|RepB
atgcttgcagagaaaaaggtagcaaagaaaccagatgcgcgcgcgctctcttggacggtggttgtctatcccgagtctcttccgcctaattggcgggagatgttgggagagttgtgtgtgccgtgggcgtgtagtcctctccacgacaaggacacaaacgcggacggctcaccgaagaaaccgcactatcacctccttctcgctttcaggacgaaaaagtctttctcccaagtccgcgacatcaccgacaaatttcatgcaccgataccgcaggcctgccgagatacgcggggtctcgttcggtatttcacgcacaaggacaatcccgaaaaggcgcaatacaagagcgcggatatcacttcggggggcggttttgaccttgcgggaattcttgcaccgactgcgagcgaagaggaagaggtgctatttgctctcgccgctttcgtgtcggagaactggattaccgaattccacatcttggacaaatatgtccgcgaagagaaacgcgagtggtggcgtgtgctacgaaagaactcgtattacatcgggcaaatcgtcaagtcgcaaagacatgatgttgcgggggctccgcgtgaatag
>gene_7853|Replication protein RepB
atgccaaacacaaaaaagtcaaacaaagttgtggacaatcgtgtccgctattatgccactgttgtttatccagagtcagcaccgtctgattgggtcaatatcatttcagacactcatatcccatgctttataagccccttacatgacaaggattacaatccaacgggtgagcctaaaaagccccattatcatgtaattgtactttacgagaataaaaaaagccgtgagcaagttgcggaatttttcaaaacgttcaaaggcgttggctgtgagcccatatcatcacttcgtgggtatgctcgttatctttgccacctggacaatcctgaaaaggcacaatatgacgtggcagacgttcgctccctgggtggttctgattacatggacgtaatcggcttaccaaccgatagacttaaagcaattcgcgaaatgcaacagttttgcattgacaatgaagtcatagcattttcagacctgctcgacttttctgcagcgagtaaacccgattggtatcgggtactttgtgagtcgggtgctctcatcatgcgtgagtatatcaaaagccgttattggaaagagcacaggaaagacccctattag
>gene_57309|Plasmid replication protein
atgagcacaaatgtaaagaaaagacactgggcttttgttctgtatccagaatcagcgccagctgattggatagaacagttgcgactgtctggtctgcttgttgcaattagtcctcttcatgataaggacattgacccgacaggagaacctaaaaaaccccactaccacatcattttgagctattctggcccgactacctttaatgtggtaaaaacccttacaacaggcttaaatcagccaattccacaggctctggagtccgtccgtggcaactatcgatattttacccacatggacaacccagacaagtatcagtatgactccaaggacattatccatcttaacggctttaatattgccgattttatggaaatgaccaaatcggaagtaaaccagattaagaaaagtttacatgctctgataattgcagaggacataatcgagtacagcgatttcatggattttctgcttgaaaacgagttgaatgttgagtacgatattgcttccacacatactatctttttcgaccgtatgataacgagccgaagaaacaaaaaagaaaaaatgcataaatcagcgagcgaaaatcagccactataa
>gene_30484|Plasmid replication protein
atgagcacaaatgtaaagaaaagacactgggcttttgttctgtatccagaatcagcgccagctgattggatagaacagttgcgactgtctggtctgcttgttgcaattagtccgcttcatgataaggacattgacccgacaggagaacctaagaaaccccaccaccacatcattttgagctattctggcccgactacctttaatgtggtgaaaacccttacaacaggcttaaatcagccaattccacaggctctggagtccgtccgtggcaactatcgatattttacccacatggacaacccagacaagtatcagtatgactccaaggacattatccatcttaacggctttaatattgccgattttatggaaatgaccaaatcggaagtaaaccagattaaaaaaagtttacatgctctgataattgcagaggacataatcgagtacagcgatttcatggattttctgcttgaaaacgagttgaatgttgagtacgatattgcttccacacatactatctttttcgaccgtatgataacgagccgaagaaacaaaaaagaaaaaatgcataaatcagcgagcgaaaatcagccactataa
>gene_39971|RepB
atgtctgatacaaagtcaagcggacgtttccgtgattggacgtttgtctgttatcctgattcgcttcctgataattggcgtgatatccttgattcatttcatactccatggattgaaagtcctctgcatgagtttgatgttaatcctaccggtgaattaaaaaagcctcactatcatgttctttttatgttcggcggtaaaaagtccggttctcagatggttgaaatatgcagttctgttaatggtactattccgcagtcggtccataataaaacgtctttgattcgttattttgctcacctggacaaccctgaaaagtatcaatataactttgctgatattgttcctcattgcggtgctgatatttctgatatctgtaaaccctctactactcagaagcatgaaatgcttcgtgatattatgttatattgctcagagaatggtattactgagtattgcgatttatttgattattgtattacttctcgtccagattggtttgatttgctttgtgagaattactctatcgttctttcttcttacttcaagtcaaagcattataaagtgctttctatgggaaatgcacctacttcccattga
>gene_13634|Plasmid replication protein
atgtcaaagaaatatgtaaagtcaagaatatgggctagtgtaggctatcccgagagtttaccagaagactggattgaaaaattacaattaactggtttgcagattgcaataagtccattgcacaataaagataatgacccaactggagaaataaaaaaagaacattatcatattatttttaattatgatggtccaacaacttatgaacatgttaaagaattatgtgatgttttgaatatgactataccaataaaattggaatcattgcgtggtatgtatagatatcatattcatttagataatccagaaaagtatcaatatgatgatagagatagaattttacttaatggatttgatagtaattcagttaatgatttaactaaaactgaagtaaataaaatagttaaagaaatattaacatttgtaatagacaatgatattattgaatacagtgatttgcttaaagttttattagaaagcgatatgacacagatgctggatgttgcaacgtcacatactattttatttaatagttttatatcatctaggcgtcataaattggaaaagattatgctaaactctacttcgcataatacataa
>gene_17408|Mob14-4
atgtccgaagacggtcattatctcaaataccgttcgtcttcggacattgacaccagcaggacgcatttgaacataaagctgaccttcagcgacggtctgaccgcacatgaacggctgaacaaacgccttgacgaggtatatgtgctgaacaggaaggatgtcaatgtgctgtgtgactgggtgttgactttaccagagggactgccacaggacgcagcaagtttaaaaaaattcttcagcagcagcataaaattcctaaatgcacgatacggatccgaaaatgtcgtgtcgtgcaacattcacatggatgaagcacagccgcacatgcactactgcttcgtgcctgttgtctacgacaagaaaaaagagcgttacaaagtatgtgccaatgacgttctcaccagaaaggagctgcagacgttccacacagaccttgaaaaccatctgcataaggagataggtcttgaaaaaggcttgatttattcgggcaaaacagaaaaacagggaggaaacaaaaccattggtcagctgaaagcggaatctctggagaaagaagcggaagcggcgaacagaacgcttctggactatcgcaacaaaatagccgaaaccattgaaaacataaagggttcggctaaatggaaacaggttgaatctgcggtctatgaacgtgacaactacggcgctgctccccatcgatggttcaccagtacaagctatgtgaaagactgcaagctgaaggaaaagcgtggcaaatcgacaatagaaatgcctacagaagcctttgattctctttttaagctgcatgaactgcattttgcatggaattctctggttgaaatacaaaactcgcttagaaacgaaattagagccttattcgagtatgaacccgacaacctcaaagagcgtgaagcacgcatcagcgaaatggaaaaagatgctgctttcaaaaatcagctgctcgaacagaagatatccagacaggaggagctgaacgaagtagccgacaaactggaaaaggacaacggcagccttaaacgaaccgttaccaagctgaaaagtgaaatacttggcttgcagcgtacactgaaggaggaggatgagtctaaacagttcctgaaccgccgatatgaacacttgcagcagcagtatgccgtcgctcagaacaatctggacagagccggacagaaaatcaaaaaactgaacagctacgaagatatgtttgaacggttcccagagatggcagacgagatgaaaaagaaataccatgagcagctccagagcgaacagagacagagagaaaaagaggagcggaaaaagagagaaagggaaagagaaagagcatacgaatacacactctaa
>gene_13762|Plasmid replication protein
atggataaccccgataaggtacaatacgacaaacgacagatcgaatgtcacggcggattcgatcttgaagatatgctgatgacgagcaatcagacaaagtatgatgcgctcaaggaaatgattcagtattgcatcgatgcagatgtcatcgaatatgaagacctacttgtctactcgatgaacaacgaaccgtcttggtttgaagcactcgcggattcgtgtacctacactatgagcgctttcctcaaatcccgtcggcacagaaaggagcgagaatattga
>gene_53668|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggattacaaaaagtcaacacggtcggcaaaatcgaaccgatcacgccatttcacgtttatcttgtaccccgaatccgctatcgaaaactggagagatgtgctggatagtttccatgtatcgtgggcggcttcgccgctccacgatcaagacgtaaatgcagatggatcaccgaaaaaaccgcactggcatataatgatctcgtttgaatccttgaaaactgcggagcagtgcaacgagatttcctctgcggtgcgtggtaccatttcccagttcgtccagtctccgcgtgctatggtgcgatacttcgcacatatggataaccccgacaaagcacaatatgacaaacggcaaatcgaatgtcacggcggattcgaccttgaagatatgctgatgacgagcaatcagacaaagtatgatgcgctcaaggaaatgattcagtactgcattgaagccgatatcacagaatacgaggacctgctcgtctactcgatgcataacgagccttcgtggttcgaagcgctcgctgattcgtgcacatacactatgagcgcgttccttaaatcccgccgccacagaaaggagcgcgaacaatga
>gene_52148|RepB protein
atggatcacaaaaagtcaacacggtcggcaaaatcgagccgcgcccgccatttcacattcattctgtatcccgaatccgctatcgaaaactggagagatgtgctggacagtttccatgtatcgtgggcggcttcgccgcttcacgatcaagacgtgaatcctgatggatcaacaaaaaagccgcattggcacataatgatctcgtttgaatccctgaaaactttggaacagtgcaacgagatttcctctgcggcgcgtggtactttttcccagttcgtccagtctccgcgcgctatggtgcgatacttcgcccatatggataaccccgataaggtacaatacgacaaacgacagatcgaatgtcacggcgga
>gene_30253|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggattacaaaaagtcaacacggtcggcaaaatcgaaccgatcacgccatttcacgtttatcttgtaccccgaatccgctatcgaaaactggagagatgtgctggatagtttccatgtatcgtgggcggcttcgccgctccacgatcaagacgtaaatgcagatggatcaccgaaaaaaccgcactggcatataatgatctcgtttgaatccttgaaaactgcggagcagtgcaacgagatttcctctgcggtgcgtggtaccatttcccagttcgtccagtctccgcgtgctatggtgcgatacttcgcacatatggataaccccgacaaagcacaatatgacaaacggcaaatcgaatgtcacggcggattcgaccttgaagatatgctgatgacgagcaatcagacaaagtatgatgcgctcaaggaaatgattcagtactgcattgaagccgatatcacagaatacgaggacctgctcgtctactcgatgcataacgagccttcgtggttcgaagcgctcgctgattcgtgcacatacactatgagcgcgttccttaaatcccgccgccacagaaaggagcgcgaacaatga
>gene_5317|Replication protein
atgtccgatgataattcaagtcgcactcgaaattggtgtgctcttgtgtatcctgactcagctcctgagaattggcgtgaaatccttgatgactatcatatcgcttgggctgagagtcccttacatcagtttgatgtaaaccctgacggagagctaaagaaaccgcattggcatattgtcctctcttttgaaggcaataaatcgcttgatcaggtttgtaagatgctctcaaaggtcggttcgcctttacctaaagagtgtgcatctcttcgtggtgctactcgctatttatgtcacttggataaccctgagaagtatctgtatccatggagtgaagtcgtttcccatggcggttttgaccttgctaaggccaatcagcctactgcttctatgcggtatcagtttattggcgatatgattgactattgtgttagtcataacatcacagagttttgtgatttgctcaattatgctcggctcaatcgttttgatgattggtttcctgctctctgtgatagctcagcttatgtgatgacttgttatctcaagtccgctcgctttaagctctctaattcggttgatacggttatagagtaa
>gene_35716|RepB
cattggcatattgtcctctcttttgaaggcaataaatcgcttgatcaggtttgtaagatgctctcaaaggtcggttcgcctttacctaaagagtgtgcatctcttcgtggtgctactcgctatttatgtcacttggataaccctgagaagtatctgtatccatggagtgaagtcgtttcccatggcggttttgaccttgctaaggccaatcagcctactgcttctatgcggtatcagtttattggcgatatgattgactattgtgttagtcataacatcacagagttttgtgatttgctcaattatgctcggctcaatcgttttgatgattggtttcctgctctctgtgatagctcagcttatgtgatgacttgttatctcaagtccgctcgctttaagctctctaattcggttgatacggttatagagtaa
>gene_35288|RepB
ccgcattggcatattgtcctctcttttgaaggcaataaatcgcttgatcaggtttgtaagatgctctcaaaggtcggttcgcctttacctaaagagtgtgcatctcttcgtggtgctactcgctatttatgtcacttggataaccctgagaagtatctgtatccatggagtgaagtcgtttcccatggcggttttgaccttgctaaggccaatcagcctactgcttctatgcggtatcagtttattggcgatatgattgactattgtgttagtcataacatcacagagttttgtgatttgctcaattatgctcggctcaatcgttttgatgattggtttcctgctctctgtgatagctcagcttatgtgatgacttgttatctcaagtctgctcgctttaagctctctaattcggttgatacggttatagagtaa
>gene_48061|RepB protein
gtgtatcctgactcagctcctgagaattggcgtgaaatccttgatgactatcatatcgcttgggctgagagtcccttacatcagtttgatgtaaaccctgacggagagctaaagaaaccgcattggcatattgtcctctcttttgaaggcaataaatcgcttgatcaggtttgtaagatgctctcaaaggtcggttcgcctttacctaaagagtgtgcatctcttcgtggtgctactcgctatttatgtcacttggataaccctgagaagtatcagtatccatggagtgaagtcgtttcccatggcggttttgaccttgctaaggccaatcagcctactgcttctatgcggtatcagtttattggcgatatgattgactattgtgttagtcataacatcacagagttttgtgatttgctcaattatgctcggctcaatcgttttgatgattggtttcctgct
>gene_43188|Replication protein
atgtccgatgataattcaagtcgcactcgaaattggtgtgctcttgtgtatcctgactcagctcctgagaattggcgtgaaatccttgatgactatcatatcgcttgggctgagagtcccttacatcagtttgatgtaaaccctgacggagagctaaagaaaccgcattggcatattgtcctctcttttgaaggcaataaatcgcttgatcaggtttgtaagatgctctcaaaggtcggttcgcctttacctaaagagtgtgcatctcttcgtggtgctactcgctatttatgtcacttggataaccctgagaagtatctgtatccatggagtgaagtcgtttcccatggcggttttgaccttgctaaggccaatcagcctactgcttctatgcggtatcagtttattggcgatatgattgactattgtgttagtcataacatcacagagttttgtgatttgctcaattatgctcggctcaatcgttttgatgattggtttcctgctctctgtgatagctcagcttatgtgatgacttgttatctcaagtccgctcgctttaagctctctaattcggttgatacggttatagagtaa
>gene_989|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcaacaaaaggacgttattttcaagttgtctgttatcctgaaaacatgatacctgattggcaaaccttaataggtgatttacttcaagtaccatgtgagtatgcgatacacgacaaagaccttgagggtgatggtaaaaccccacgtaagacacacgtacacatcaacattgtatggaacaacactgttgttcctggagccgtgctccaacgtgttaatgatacgttatctcttgagggtaagaagtgtgcttcaaccattgagataatcaataatattagacatgcacacaattatcttattcacgatactgaaacttgcaaaaaacaaaataaacacctttacgatgttaaggaacgcataagcgttaataacttcgacataggtaattttgagcaagtatcggtagccgataaaaatcgtatggctaaagaactagccgatgttatcgtacaagaaaattttacaaattttgccgacttctatatgtacgtgatgagtaactttgaccttgaatattttgaagtaataaaaacatattctggactgtacgaacgacttactaaaggcaacttccaaaaacaacaaacgtaa
>gene_44155|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcaacaaaaggacgttattttcaagttgtctgttatcctgaaaacatgatacctgattggcaaaccttaataggtgatttacttcaagtaccatgtgagtatgcgatacacgacaaagaccttgagggtgatggtaaaaccccacgtaagacacacgtacacatcaacattgtatggaacaacactgttgttcctggagccgtgctccaacgtgttaatgatacgttatctcttgagggtaagaagtgtgcttcaaccattgagataatcaataatattagacatgcacacaattatcttattcacgatactgaaacttgcaaaaaacaaaataaacacctttacgatgttaaggaacgcataagcgttaataacttcgacataggtaattttgagcaagtatcggtagccgataaaaatcgtatggctaaagaactagccgatgttatcgtacaagaaaattttacaaattttgccgacttctatatgtacgtgatgagtaactttgaccttgaatattttgaagtaataaaaacatattctggactgtacgaacgacttactaaaggcaacttccaaaaacaacaaacgtaa
>gene_32369|Replication protein
atgaactctaagaaaaatgtagataatcgttatagaaattgggcttgcgttgtttatcctgatgatgcaaatttgccttcaaattggttggaaattgttgctgatttgaaaactccagtttttgtcagtccattgcatgataaggatttaaatcctacaggtgagcaaaaaaaagcacattatcatgtgatgattatgtttgatgggaagaaatcaaaggatcaagttgaagatatatttagtttgtttagtggtgttggttgtgaaattgtaaatacaaagcgtggctatgctcgttatttgtgtcatttggataatcccgagaaacatcaatattgtattgatgatgtaatgtcttttggtggtgctgattataatgacgtaattggattgccatgtaataaatataatgcgattcgtgagatgaaaaattggtgcaatgaaaatggtgtgcttatgtattgtgacttgtttgattatgcagctgatgagcgacctgattggtttagacttttatgtgattcttgtactttagttatgaaagaatatctgaaatctaaagaatattctattcgttgttctaattcaaaaaagtga
>gene_33042|Replication protein
atgaactctaagaaaaatgtagataatcgttatagaaattgggcttgcgttgtttatcctgatgatgcaaatttgccttcaaattggttggaaattgttgctgatttgaaaactccagtttttgtcagtccattgcatgataaggatttaaatcctacaggtgagcaaaaaaaagcacattatcatgtgatgattatgtttgatgggaagaaatcaaaggatcaagttgaagatatatttagtttgtttagtggtgttggttgtgaaattgtaaatacaaagcgtggctatgctcgttatttgtgtcatttggataatcccgagaaacatcaatattgtattgatgatgtaatgtcttttggtggtgctgattataatgacgtaattggattgccatgtaataaatataatgcgattcgtgagatgaaaaattggtgcaatgaaaatggtgtgcttatgtattgtgacttgtttgattatgcagctgatgagcgacctgattggtttagacttttatgtgattcttgtactttagttatgaaagaatatctgaaatctaaagaatattctattcgttgttctaattcaaaaaagtga
>gene_1311|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_17896|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_14001|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_38049|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_51592|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_18766|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_31835|RepL
atgtttatggaaaataagaaagtactcaaattaaccgattttcaaaaaaacgaagaaaacccctttatgaaacaagcaattgaagggattgaaaatcacgttgttaagaaatacaaaagtagtacgggaagtgataaaaaagctgtagttgctgttgctgatacagatacaggagaagtattcaaaacctcgtttatccgacaaatagaagtagatgaagagcaatttgcaaaactataccttgcgaattttgccgcttttttcaatctatcacaatcagctattcgggttttcgggtatattctaacttgcatgaagcctaagaatgatatgataattttcgataggcgaaaatgcttagaatacacccaatacaaatcagacaaagccatatacaaaggattggcagagctcgtacaaagtgaaatcatagcaagaggtccaaacgaatataattggttcattaatccgttgattgtctttaatggggatagggtttcatttacaaaaacatacgttcggaaaaagactttagctgcccaaaagaaagaagaagcagagaaacgacagttatcacttggttttgatgaactgtaa
>gene_52823|replication protein RepB
ttgaaaaaatcaaaaaaagtagtaagaaaacgcgattttgcttttttattataccctgaatcagtaaatccaaaatggaaacaaatattatctgatttaaaaatacctgttttttggattttgcacgataaagatacgattattgatgaaaaaacgggagaaacaatacctaaaaaaccacattatcacgttatgttaatgttcgaaaatccacgatttgaaagcactgcacgagatatttgtatccagtgcggcggcaatggacatctggaaactataacatctaaacgaggctattctagatatttaacacatattgatgattttgaaaaatatcaatactcagtaaatgatgttgtttgtttaggtggagcagattataatacttcatcaatgactgttactgatatcaaaaatgctgaagacgatattcttgttgatgttattgattattgtaaatccatgaatatagtggcttattgtcaattgattgattattgtattgaaaataaacgcgaatggctttcgtttttgcgctctccaaacggtcggattgtaagggactatataaaatcgcattattggtataattcttaa
>gene_41778|Rep50
ttggataatcctgaaaagcatcagtattgcaaggaagatgtccggtgtttatgtggagctgattatcattcagtcataggattggcacttgatcggtatgttgcaattatggagataatggattatatagatgatcatagtgtatatagctattatgaattaatgaaatatgccagaagagagagaatggattggtttagagttctgtgtgataatgggacatatgttgttaaggaatatatcaagtctaaggaatggactgattatggtgattcacaaaaacaacatcagtaa
>gene_33137|Replication protein repB
atggcgaaagataaaataaataaatcgacaaaagctaagaccaggacaaggaattatgcgactgtagtgtatccggaaagtgctccgaaggattgggataagattctggaaagtcaatgtgttccagcgttcataagcccgaaacatgacaaggatgtgaatccgaatggggagcataagaaagaccattatcacgtgatgattatgtatgacagtgttaaaacaatagagcaggcagaggaattattttcgaaaataggtggtgttggatgtgaggtgatccaatctacaagagggtatggtcgttacttgtgtcacatggataatccagaaaaagtacagtacaaacaagaagacgtgcgttcattgtgtggtgctgattacgtcgggataataggacttgcgacagacaagtataaagcgataggagaaatgattgatttttgtcaagagtacacaatatatagttattcgcaacttttggaatattgtcgaaaagagaggatggactggtttagagtgctgtgcgacagtggaaccatggttatgatggagtatttgaagtcgaaaaagtggacggatgatggacaacattaa
>gene_53772|replication protein
atgcaagaaaagtcaagcaaaaataaagaagaaagaagcagatcttggtgttttgtcatgtacccggaatcagcgccggagaactggcgcgagatactcgccgactactcagctccatacgcggtatcaccgcttcatgacagcgatatcaatccggatggagagccgaagaaaccacactggcacgttactgtagctcatcagactatgaagtctttcgcgcaggtaagagagcttaccgatcgactgaacgctaccataccgcaaagggttgcgaacatggtcggaaatatcagatacatgatacataaggacaaccccgaaaaagcccagtatgagaaaagcgatataataacgggctgcggcttcgatatagaaaattatctcgcaacaaccaagagtgaaaaacgagcaattatgcgagagatctatgcttttgttcgcgaacaaaatatagacgaattttgtgacctgatggattatgcttttgacaacgagcctgaatggttcgactatctcacggatgggcacagcattatgctcgccgcgctgttccagagcaggcgcggcaaaaaggcaaataacagcttaacataa
>gene_56552|Replication initiation protein
gcgagattaaacgctaccgcgccgcagaaggtattgaacatgatcggaaacgtccgatacatgatacataaggacaaccccgaaaaagcccagtatgagaaaagcgatataataacgggttgcggcttcgatatagaaaattatctcgcagctaccacgagcgaaaaacgggcaattatgcgagagatctatgcttttgttcgcgaacaaaatatagacgaattttgtgacctgatggattatgcttttgacaacgagcctgaatggttcgactatctcacggatgggcacagcataatgctcgccgcgctgttccagagcaggcgcggcaaaaaagcaaataacagcttaacataa
>gene_30289|Plasmid replication protein
atgtctggcaataaatcaagcggtaataaatcaagccgtacaagaaattggactattgtcctttatcctgaaagtgctccagctgattggcgtgacttaatggatgacctgcaaatcgagtgggtggaaagtccgctgcacgaatttgatacaaacgcaacaggtgaggtgaagaaacctcactggcatatcctgctcttgttt
>gene_13928|replication protein, partial
atgtctggcaataaatcaagcggtaataaatcaagccgtacaagaaactggactatcgtcctttaccctgaaagcgctccatccaattggcgtgacttgatggatgacttgcaaatcgaatgggtcgaaagtccgctgcatgaatttgatacaaatgatacaggtgaggtgaagaaacctcactggcatatcctgcttttgtttggtggcgtcaagtcttacgagcaggtcgtcgaaattgtccagccgttcaactgtcctgcacctcagaagtgtcatagtgccaagggttgcgttcggtacatggctcatttggacaaccccgaaaaattccagtataacatcggtgatattaaggctcacggtggagttgacttagctgagttgctccgtccgtcttcatctgagcggtacaccttaattggcgagatgtgttcttatgtccgtgacaactccatcactgaattccaggacttgatggattatgctatgcagcatcgttttgacgattggtttcccctgctctgtgatagttctgcttatgtcgttggccagtacatcaagagccagcgccatcgtctgaaggagggtacataa
>gene_36609|Replication protein RepB
atgacttctaagaaaaatgtagataatcggtatagaaattgggcttgtgttgtctatcccgacgatgcaaatttgcctacaaactggatggaaatattagcagatttaaaaactccagtatttgttagtcctttgcatgatcaagatattaatcctacaggtgaacataaaaaagctcattatcacgttatgatcatgttcgaaggaaaaaaggcaaagtctcaagttgaagaaatatttagttcgtttagtggagttggctgcgaagttgttaatactaagcggggttacgctcgttatttatgccatttggataatcccgaaaaatatcaatattgcattgatgatgtaaagtcttttggtggggctgattatagcgatttgattggtttaccgactgataaatataaagcaattcgtgaaatgaaaaactggtgtaatgaaaatggtgtattgatgtattgtgatctgtttgattatgcgtcggaagagcgtcctgattggttcagattattgtgtgattcttgtacgattgttatgaaagaatatcttaaatctaaagaatattcgatgcggttttctaattttaaaaagtga
>gene_29984|Rep2
ttgaaaaaatcaaaaaatagttcaaaaaagcgagattatgcgtttttattatattccgaatcagtaaatcctaattgggaacagatattatctgatttaaaaatccctgttttttatattttgcacgacaaggacactataattgatgaagaaacgggcaaaattgttcccaaaaagcctcattatcatattatgttaatgtttgataatcctcgcgcagaatctactgcaaaaaacgtttgtatacaatgcgggggcaatgggcaccttgaggaacttataactcgcagggggtatgctagatatttgactcatattgatgaccccaaaaaatatcaatattcatcaaatgaagttgtttgtttgggcggagcggattatagttcattatcaatgactattacagatataaaaaatgcagaggatgatatgcttgttgatgttattggctattgtaaatcaacgaatattatagcttattgtcaattgattgattattgtattgaaaatagacgcgaatggctttcgtttttgcgttctccaaatggtcgaattgtcagagattatataaaatctcattattggtataattcttga
>gene_31239|RepH
ttgaaaaaatcaaaaaaagtagtaagaaaacgcgattttgcttttttattatatcccgaatcggtaaatcctaattggaaacaaatattatctgatttaaaaatccctgttttttatattttgcacgacaaggacactataattgatgaagaaacgggcaaaattgttccaaaaaagcctcattatcatgtcatgctgatgtttgataaccctcgcgcagaatctaccgccaaaaacgtttgcatacaatgcggaggcaatggacatcttgaggaacttataactcgcagggggtatgctagatatttgactcatatt
>gene_13556|protein rep
ttgaattatggttggaagctgttttcaaaatctaagttatttagctctactgttgttggctggtataagggtttagaagtaacacataacatcggtatcaactcaaaagattatgatacatttcacccacattttcattgtgttttggttgtaaaaaagagttattttggaaaatgttatgtgcttcataaagattggcagtctctttgggctaagtgtatgaagttagattataatcctcaggttaatattaaatcctttagaagtaatatagttaagggcttgaaagaagttacgaagtattcagtaaaatcaagtgactatattattcctgatgattgggatttgactgtagatacagttaagattttagataaagcgttagataagagacgatttgtatcgtttggagggttactcaaggacattcatagacaattaagattagatgacgaggagagcggaaatttaatcaatttacgcgataatttagagcaggtacaaattatcgatgtcataagatattgtttttgtacgggctataatcagtacatagagacaaaataa
>gene_32350|replication protein, partial
tggcagtctctttgggctaagtgtatgaagttagattataatcctcaggttaatattaaatcttttcaaggtaatatagttaagggtctgaaagaagttacaaagtattcagtaaaatcaagtgattatattattcctgatgattgggatttgactgtagatacagttaagattttagataaaacgttagataagagacgatttgtatcgtttggagggttactcaaggacattcataggcaattaagactagatgacgaggagagcggaaatttaatcaatttacgcgataatttagagcaggtacaaattatcgatatcataagatattgtttttgtacgggctataatcaatacatagcgacaaaataa
>gene_28132|protein rep
gtgcttcataaagattggcagtctctttgggctaagtgtatgaagttagattataatcctcaggttaatattaaatcctttagaagtaatatagttaagggcttgaaagaagttacgaagtattcagtaaaatcaagtgactatattattcctgatgattgggatttgactgtagatacagttaagattttagataaagcgttagataagagacgatttgtatcgtttggagggttactcaaggacattcatagacaattaagattagatgacgaggagagcggaaatttaatcaatttacgcgataatttagagcaggtacaaattatcgatgtcataagatattgtttttgtacgggctataatcagtacatagagacaaaataa
>gene_14413|Rep protein
ggacaagatctatgcaacaatttagataaattgaattatggttggaagctgttttcaaaatctaagttatttagctctactgttgttggctggtataagggtttagaagtaacacataacatcggtatcaactcaaaagattatgatacatttcacccacattttcattgtgttttggttgtaaaaaagagttattttggaaaatgttatgtgcttcataaagatttgcagtctctttgggctaagtgtatgaagttagattataatcctcaggttaatattaaatcttttcaaggtaatatagttaagggtctgaaagaagttacaaagtattcagtaaaatcaagtgattatattattcctgatgattgggatttgactgtagatacagttaagattttagataaaacgttagataagagacgatttgtatcgtttggagggttactcaaggacattcataggcaattaagactagatgacgaggagagcggaaatttaatcaatttacgcgataatttagagcaggtacaaattatcgatgtcataagatattgtttttgtacgggctataatcagtacatagagacaaaataa
>gene_45760|site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
aaaactgattatttacccgaagccgaatacaacagaatatacccatatatgagccgtgacaacgcccttgcgttggaggtggcagttgctaccggcatgcgtatcggggatgttttgaagattcgcaagagtgatattgtaggggcttctgtgcggtatactgcgcagaagacagggaaaaaaggtgttgcaccgctacccaggcaccttgccgacatactgcgcaaacggtgcagccgtgcttcagacttcgtcttccccggttcggggaagtcaggacaccgaaccaggcaggcggtttggaaagatgtacgcaaggctgcggagcttgccggcattgatgatagactgattgcaccgcatagtgctcgcaagacctttgctgtcaatctgatgcacagcaaaggcattgaagccgtgcaagaagctctgcagcatagccgccgagatgtcactgaactgtatgccctgtcagatgtcggcggtgcaggtctggaacagaccattgcttccgtgttctcgcgtctgatgccgcatctgatagaccgaattgctgttgccgtagctgatgagatagaaagaaggatgctgttataa
>gene_27222|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
atggcaaattttgataagttcagccggggtgcgtgtgggcatatgctgaagcactacgagagggcgaaagacgagaacggcgagtatgtgcggttcggaaaccgtgacattgacccggaacgcagtcacctaaactacaacctcggcccggagcgagaaggcgcccagtacaccttcatcaagcaacgctgcggggaggtgtactgcctcaatcgctccaatgtgaatgtcctgggcagctggatcgtcaccgccccggagggaatgccggacgatcagctccggccgttcttccaggcgtcttatgacgccctggaaaagaagtatggccgggagaatgtcgtctcggcctatgttcacatggacgagagcggcaggccccatatgcatttcgcattcgtgccggtgatgtacgacaaggacaaagagaggtacagcgtctgtgccaagaagctggtcactaagaccgagctgaagaagtttcacccgtggttggaggccgaagtcagccaacgcctgggataccaggtgcagctgatgaacgaggccaccaaggacggcaacaagacggtgaccgagctgaagcgtgagcgtgagctggcgaagcaagccgagtttgcccagcaaaccgaggctgcgaaggctgccacggcgaaggcccttcagacggccaaaaacgccacccaggaggccgaagcagcggaggcaaggctccaggacatcaaggacgatttgaacgccctggacacgcctgaggcggtcaaatcggtatcggccaagcctacaatgatgggcggggccgtgaaggtgtccaaggaggagtgggagctggtcaagtcctgggctgatcgtggtgctgctgccgtctcctacggagacaatatgcagcatcagaacgagcagctccgggaggaggttgcccgcctggaggaagcagcctccggcaagatgcagctgctcctgcagaacgccgagctgcagaagcaggtcaagaacctgcaggccgaaaacaaacgcctccgggcgatttgggagaggatcaagcagcagatcgtcgccaaggcctggccgctctgggagcggtttgtcactccggcccgcaagagggagccggaagtgatgaacttcgaggacagccttgcctactggcgaaagcatgaccagtatatgtaccatgaccagctgcaagcagctgcggagattgagtcctacgagaaaggcattggcggtgatgttctcatggccgagctgatgaggaaggccggagacagtgaacgcaacattcagagggctttgaagaagcgttacccttattcggagctgatcacccagggcagatccatgaccatgattaaataa
>gene_52941|Replication initiation protein REP
atgatatgggtcaagcctgggtattttggaaagaaaggcgggtatatatcgcatgataagctgctgtcggcttggcgtgccgcaacaggcatgtcggagataacgcaggtggatgtgcgtcgctgccgatcggcgcagcaggagggtgcagcggtggcagaggtcgcgaagtatgtagcgaagtcctcagactatctgctgtcgcaagatgtgtttgacgggttttacatgggtctgaaaggcgttcgtatcatgtcgttgggcggcgaagccaagaaagcggtggcggcatttcgtgctggcaagctggacaagtacgacccggagcagccagacgatctggcagagtatgtttggcgtgtcgtgtacagctggacgcgggacggatacgcggcgagcagccgtgaggcggtcgatctggttgacgaagcagcagcgcgccgcattcatgcggagatacgcgcggctgatatagcagccatcgcgcagggtttttcggagttgagcggtaaggcgtaccgccaacgtggagggcgtgaagtcgtttcctttacacctgtattctcgccgtgggatgaggtggtgcatgaggactaa
>gene_14454|RepB protein
atgggagaaaaaaagacaagagggcatgaccgcaccagaatttggacggcgattgtttatccggagtctgccccagtgaattggcgtgacattctggatgagcaacacatcgagtgggctgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgacgtcaatccgaccggtgaggtcaaaaaggctcattggcacatcgtgatatcgttcgatgggccgaagagttacgagcaggtatctgaattgctcaagcccatcaatggacctgcaccccagaagtgtcacgccctcaaaggtgctgtccggtacttcgttcacatggacaaccccgaaaaataccagtataatcccgcccaaatcgtcgcacacggtgggtttgacgtgcaggcggcacttgccccctcttcgggtcagcggtat
>gene_56992|RepB
atgggagaaaaaaagacaagagggcatgaccgcaccagaatttggacggcgattgtttatccggagtctgccccagtgaattggcgtgacattctggatgagcaacacatcgagtgggctgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgacgtcaatccgaccggtgaggtcaaaaaggctcattggcacatcgtgatatcgttcgatgggccgaagagttacgagcaggtatctgaattgctcaagcccatcaatggacctgcaccccagaagtgtcacgccctcaaaggtgctgtccggtacttcgttcacatggacaaccccgaaaaataccagtataatcccgcccaaatcgtcgcacacggtgggtttgacgtgcaggcggcacttgccccctcttcgggtcagcggtatgacctgatagcggaaatgtgcgaattcatccgcacctccggcatttgcgaatttcaggatttgttcgactatgcttgttctgaacgtagacaggattggcttcccctcttgtgtgacaattcggcgtacgtcattggcctgtacttaaagtcagttcgtcatcgaagcgaccctcgttgtggccggtaa
>gene_30158|Replication protein
atgaaggagaaaaaaagtggttcgggtcgaacccgaaactacgcaactgttgtttatccggaatcggctccggataactgggaagtaacattgtcggagcaacatattcctatcttggttagccctttgcattgtgatgatgtaaaccccaacggagagccaaaaaaaccacattaccacatcatggtcatgtacgatagcgttaagacagtcgagcaagcaaaagaattgtttgcattggtaaatggtgttgggtgcgaaaaggttggtagcgtgcgtgggtacgcaaggtatctttgccatctcgacaatctcgaaaaagctcaatacaatgtagcggacgttcgatgtttgggcggtgctgattatgtcagcattattggattgcctacggatagatatacggcaatagaggagatgatggattttgtggatgaaaatggcaacttctcctttgctgaccttatgcggtatgcgagacataatcgttcagattggttcagagccttgtgcgacaacagttcgtacgtcatgaaagaatattgcaagtccgcacaatggactttcgagagagatacatacaaaacagagtaa
>gene_6003|Replication initiator
atgtttggtaaagcttatattaacaagtacggtcataaagcttatgttcctgttggttcttggtttgattatgaaatcttaaaatataagtatcctgataataagcgtatttcttgtggacagtgtattggttgtcggttagaatcttctcgtcaatgggccattcgttgtgttttggagtctaaattatatgattctgagttaaattggtttattactcttacttatgatgattcgcatcttcctttttcttttttatcttcggatgttgatcctgatttttctcctaataaggttcataaagtcccgcaacctttagttcttgatgatactggtgaagttttgttttataattcttctttagttcctgaagattttactacttttgaaagagatcttcgtagatattttgaatatcattttaattatactggtattcgtttttttggatgtggtgaatatggtagcgttgctaaaactggtcgtcctcattatcatattatatttttcaatttgcctctctttttacttggagatttgaagccttatcgttatcagaaaaaaggtcagtttccttattttgaatctgaa
>gene_17848|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaagaaaaaatcaagcttgccggcagacgggcgtactcgcaattggtgtgctatcgtctatccggaaagtgctccggagaactggcgccagatacttgatgatctgcatctccggtgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgattgtgataccaacccgacgggcgaagttaaaaaggctcattggcatatcaccattctttttgaggggaagaaatcgcaggaacaagttgct
>gene_13292|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaagaaaaaatcaagcttgccggcagacgggcgtactcgcaattggtgtgctatcgtctatccggaaagtgctccggagaactggcgccagatacttgatgatctgcatctccggtgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgattgtgataccaacccgacgggcgaagttaaaaaggctcattggcatatcaccattctttttgaggggaagaaatcgcaggaacaagttgctgagatgcttgcgcctttgaactgtcctcttcctcagatcgtacatgaagttcgtggcaatatccggtacatggctcacctcgataatccagagaagttccagtatcctctttccggtatcatcggtcatggtggtgctgatctggccgatctgctcaagcctacagcttcggagcgacatgagatt
>gene_13095|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcagagaaaaggtcagaaaaatatagggatagaggacattgtttattgctttatcctgactgtgaagctcatgtaaaagctttgcaaattatagagcgctcatacgattatgcttatatattgcatgatagagatacaatggaaaatggcgagttgaaaaaaccacattatcacgttgtattgcgttttcctaatgccacatggtcttctaaagtatgtaaggacttaggcatacaggaaaattacatagaaaagcctaaaagctttaatagtgctttattatacttgatacattttaatgataccgataaagcacagtatagtgttgatgaagttaaagggtctttgaaaaataggcttgtaaatgaggttaacaagatagataaaaccgaaagtgaaaaaatcattgaacttctagactatatagacagtatggcagagccgattacaataggcgcattttctagatattgtgctagtatgggttattggtcagagtatagacgctcaggtggaatttttatgcgtgcgattgatgaacataatatgatgcttagaggtaatgaaaatgactatacaacaagcttttga
>gene_40586|Plasmid replication protein
ttggcttctaggtctaactattatgcaactgttgtttatccagattctgctccggatggatggcatcaggtgttagatgatttgcatttaagagcgttaatatctcctcttcatgataaagatgttaacaattctgatgcaagtcctaaaaagcctcattatcacgttcttgtgttatgggattctctaaaatcaagaaatcaagctgaggaagtatttaagcttatcggtggtgtcggtattgaatttgttcaatctgccgttggctatgctagatacttatgtcaccttgataatcctgagaaggctcaatattctgaaaatgatgtcaagtgcattggtgcagttgactatacagaatttattaagcgttctgacgatgttttccttgctctatccaagattgaagattggatagatcataatgaatgttttagctatcgtggtttgtgtatgtattttcggtgtacagataagagtctttatagagttgtttgtacgcatacgttccacctttcaacctatttaagggataaacgtaatgaacaagttcaaagcaaacctttttatcaagatttccctgaagagttttaa
>gene_22178|MobA
ttagagactggtaagaagtttaacaacaataagcaagcgttgagagaccttagacaagccaatgatgaagtctgtaaagcacatggattgtctgttgtagaagaacaaaatgcagaaatgagatacacacaagcggaacatggattgattaaaaagggcaaaacgagttggaaagatgagttacgagaagaaattgaacgctctagtagccaaaatatcgattttgagagctttcaagacgatttaggtagtttgggtatcaaaactaaattaagaggctctacggtgtcttatttgcatcctgagagcgaaaaatgggtgcgagcgaagaaattagggtcaagatacgagcttagggggttagaaaatgagtttgagagaacgagtgaacggagaaggcaacgagctgaccaatcagagtggaaacagttcgagtcaggcaatagcaagcgaagaaatcagcgaattaaagaaacagaacaagctattgagagacagaatgatagagatagagaagtcgcaagagagcagaaatcagaagatagaccagctattaagccgtctagaacaagggacgacggattggaactctaa
>gene_21565|Putative replication protein
atggattttgataatatggttagtttatctgattttgctcgtgaacgtgacgtagataaacaagttataactgtttatattaacaggcatccagaaatcaaggagcatgtccattatgatacttataataaaaatgctgcttatctggatgatgaagctgtaaagttattatccaaaaaatatcgtatgactactcaaataataacggataatgagctttacgagcaagttataacttgtaataacaaaatgcttacagtggctgatatgatgatggctatgatgtctaaaatggatgaaaggatgtcaattgaaatgaaaacagatgataaactttatcttgatttagttgaaaaggtagagaaacaagctatccgtattaaagagttagaagatgagaatgccaaacttcgtgaaatgagtggtgttgtcagagttgaattaagtcgaaaagagcgtttatcaatacaaaagacaattgaagtttggaaaaatcgtatgaaagagttatcggaagagagtgatatttataaaaatcttgataaaagggttactgaactcgaaacagttcttttgctcggtaaacccatataa
>gene_6954|Putative replication protein
atggattttgataatatggttagtttatctgattttgctcgtgaacgtgacgtagataaacaagttataactgtttatattaacaggcatccagaaatcaaggagcatgtccattatgatacttataataaaaatgctgcttatctggatgatgaagctgtaaagttattatccaaaaaatatcgtatgactactcaaataataacggataatgagctttacgagcaagttataacttgtaataacaaaatgcttacagtggctgatatgatgatggctatgatgtctaaaatggatgaaaggatgtcaattgaaatgaaaacagatgataaactttatcttgatttagttgaaaaggtagagaaacaagctatccgtattaaagag
>gene_57600|replication protein
atggcaggaaacaaatcaagcgggaataaggcaagccgtacacggaactggacggtagttgtctatcccgaaagtgctcccgagaattggcgggaatatatggacgagctccagattgagtgggtcgaaagtcctttgcatgaccgcgacaccaatgcgaccggagaggtcaagaagccccattggcatttgcttctcatgttcggcggtgtcaaaacctatgagcaggttctggaagtcattgagcctttgaattgtcccgcccctcagaagtgccttagtgctaagggttgcgtgcggtatatggctcacctggacaaccccgagaagttccaatatcaggtctctgacatcaaggctcatggcggtgtcgatattgccgaattgcttaggccgagttcgtccgagcggtatgctcttattcgtgaaatgtgcgagtatgtccgcacgaatggaattaccgagtttcaagacctcatggactatgctatggcagagcgttttgacgagtggtttccgctcctgtgcgacagttccgcttatgtcgttggtcagtacatcaagagccagagacaccgcatggaaggccgttaa
>gene_46041|RepX protein
atggctaattgtaaagttggctgcaatatggttgcttatccggagagtttaccggaggactgggagagtagacttaacgcccttgatattggctatgcatgggcgttacatgacaaggatactaaaccggatggaacgcttaaaaaggctcacatacacttgtatttcatgcagacactaaactctaaacagaaaaaatatgtgggagaagtcaccggcataaactacatagaggacactagaagtgccggcgatatgctcgattacttaacccacgaaaacgatgaagataaataccattattccaaagatattataaactattcaccggcatggtgtcaagaagctttcgacgatatgctttcaaagtgtgtcaagacagttaaccaatacgatattatcatagatatagaagaaaacaacatatatgatatacgttcgttaaccctgtattacatatctaactataacgcaaaagaacgt
>gene_699|RepX protein
atggctaattgtaaagttggctgcaatatggttgcttatccggagagtttaccggaggactgggagagtagacttaacgcccttgatattggctatgcatgggcgttacatgacaaggatactaaaccggatggaacgcttaaaaaggctcacatacacttgtatttcatgcagacactaaactctaaacagaaaaaatatgtgggagaagtcaccggcataaactacatagaggacactagaagtgccggcgatatgctcgattacttaacccacgaaaacgatgaagataaataccattattccaaagatattataaactattcaccggcatggtgtcaagaagctttcgacgatatgctttcaaagtgtgtcaagacagttaaccaatacgatattatcatagatatagaagaaaacaacatatatgatatacgttcgttaaccctgtattacatatctaactataacgcaaaagaacgtgatgcatacatcaagtgtatatcatcacataaccattatctgcgcgaatacttgtatcagaagaaacaaaccatgaaaccaaaggaggacaaacaatgcaaagaaaagtaa
>gene_43599|RepX protein
atggctaattgtaaagttggctgtaacatggttgcttatccggagagtttaccggaggattgggagagtaggcttaacgcccttgacattggctatgcatgggcgttacatgacaaggataccaaacccgacggaacacttaaaaaggctcacatacacctatatttcatgcagacgctaaactctaaacagaaaaaatatgtgggagaagtcaccggcatacactacatagaagacacaagaagtgccggtgatatgctcgattacttaacccacgaaaacgacgaagataaataccattactcaaaagatattataaactattcaccggcttggtgtcaagaagctttcgacgatatgctttcaaagtgtgtcaagacagttaaccaatacgatattatcatagatatagaagaaaataacatatatgatatacgttcgttaaccctgtattacatatctaactataacgcaaaggaacgtgacgcatacatcaagtgtatatcatcacataaccattatctgcgtgaatacttgtatcagaagaaacaaaccatgaaaccaaaggaggacaaacaatgcaaagaaaagtaa
>gene_21700|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcaatttatcattgctctatatcgaatgtcagcaggagtggtggctcgtcatcttgtgccacctacgcatatatcagcggcgaaaaagtttacgatgagagaagacaagaaactttttcatacgctagagaggaacgcattttagaaacaggaactattctgccagaaaacgcccctgccgaatatgccgaccccaagaagatgtttaacagcattgaaaaaaatctaaccgccgataatgcaagaacggcaaagaaaattgaaattgctctacccaatgaactgccgttagaagaacaaaaacaacttgtagaggattacatccgcaacaatctgacagccaacggatacgccgccacctatgccatacacggaaatgaaaaagaaaagataaaagaaacagaacaagaacagtctggacatgagaaaaagaaaaatactcatgtccatattgaagtacctaaccgcccaataaatgagcgtggcgaatggggaggacagagcaagaaagaatatgctcttgacgataatggcaaccgcatacctgttatcgaatatcagaaagacgagagcggcaagaagtttttgaaggacaatgacgggaataaaattcctgtacttgatgagaacggacagccgaagcaaaaaacggacagccacggacgcaagcaatggaaaaggattgacgtagaagttaataagttagacacaagagattttctttttcatctccgtaaatcatgggcaggggaatgtaataaacatcttgccccagaattacacatcgaccatcgaagcaacgccgccagaggtatcgaggacacgcccatgatccatgaaggctacgccgctagagcgatagaggaacggggcgaagtatcggagcgttgccagatgaatcgagaaatcaaagcggagaacgagcaacgccgccaaataagggcagaacttgccgccgccattgagcatgacaaggcactgcaacgaaaggagaaggagttacatgacagattacgaaatgtcggacgaggaactaatgattaccaagttggaggaactggagagagaaaacaacaggctgaagtcacagcagaccgcaatagaaccactgctccagactttgcggcaacaggaacaagagattatgtcgctgaagcaatcaagcatagatttgacgaaacagaacgaaaaattgctgacattagccgagagcgagaagcagctgcacgagcagaacgagaagctgcggagagaaaacgccgacttgcagcagatcgtgaaaaacgaaagcaacagagccgagaacctgaaaagtcagctacagaaagcaacgagtatacctttaccagatga
>gene_27091|Plasmid replication initiation protein
aattggaaagatgtattgattgaaacggggttgccttgtgctatttcacctttgcatgaatttgatgtagatcctaacggagaagttaaaaaagcgcattatcacttgatcttgtgcttccctggtcctacaactttcaatgtggtcaagtctttgtgtgatagtcttaatcagcctatcccgcaaccgattgaaagtgtaaaagggtattacagatattttgtacataaagacaatcccgaaaaatatcaatatgacgaaattgatattaaaactctgaacggctttaatattcttgactatgcagagttaactcgtgcagaggttaacggcatcaagagtcatcttattagcgttatttgtgaaaaagactttcttgagtatagcgattttgtgttgtacgttcaaaaagaattgtcttgtgaagagtttgatattgcagtgaataatacgttgtttttcaatacgtttattcgctctcgacgtcatatgcctacaaacaatatagagcagtaa
>gene_57285|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcaaagaaaaatgcaagtgcaaatgtgaaaaaacgaaattgggcttttgttctttatcctgaaagcgcgccagagaattggaaagatgtattgattgaaacggggttgccttgtgctatttcacctttgcatgaatttgatgtagatcctaacggagaagttaaaaaagcgcattatcacttgatcttgtgcttccctggtcctacaactttcaatgtggtcaagtctttgtgtgatagtcttaatcagcctatcccgcaaccgattgaaagtgtaaaagggtattacagatattttgtacataaagacaatcccgaaaaatatcaatatgacgaaattgatattaaaactctgaacggctttaatattcttgactatgcagagttaactcgtgcagaggttaacggcatcaagagtcatcttattagcgttatttgtgaaaaagactttcttgagtatagcgattttgtgttgtacgttcaaaaagaattgtcttgtgaagagtttgatattgcagtgaataatacgttgtttttcaatacgtttattcgctctcgacgtcatatgcctacaaacaatacagagcagtaa
>gene_50062|Replication initiation protein
atgtcgaaaggaaataaagataccagaacaagaaactggactattgtagtatatccggatagtgctccggaaaactggagagatataattgatgatatgcacatagagtgggttgaaagtccgttgcatgactgcgatgcaaatgctgacggaacagtgaaaaaggctcactggcatatcctgctgatgttt
>gene_29122|Plasmid replication protein B
agtgatgtaataccgctaatcacaaggcttgagcaacgttttactgagtatgatattgaccaagtaagtaacctacaaagtaaatacgctgtaagattgtatgaactgcttgtccaatggcgcagcactggtaaaacacccatgattaacttgcaagagttacgcaaccgattagggttatccgatgatgaatataaccgttcggataattttaaaagacgtgtactagatttagcaatcaagcaaatcaatgacaataccgaccttacggcaagctacgaacagcacaagcaaggacagaaaatcaaaggctttaccttcaagtttaagtgcaaacctactcaaaaacccactgaacagttagaacaacgtgaccccaatacgctagatatgtttgtaccaatgacagataatcaacgctttgcgtttgctaaaaaaatctctcgtcttccagaggcttcccacttggcgaaagggcaagcaaatgccagttatgatgcttttgccgagcaaatcgcaaaagacttgcttgatgaagaaaaacagaaaatttatcaagtatttttggtaaaggtgggttttaatcaacgttaa
>gene_20248|Replication protein RepB
gtggcagacaaggaaaaataccgctacttcgcgttcatcgtctatcccgagagtgcaccgagtgactggtgggagcagctgcgggcgagtcatggcagctacgcacgctcgccgcttcacgaccctgacgaggaatacacgaagccgcactatcacgttatctacaagcacagcaataccgttgtcctcgacgtggcaaagcgcgtcatacctagcgacgtgccttgcaacggttatgtggtgccagttccgcacccgcgcggttaccagcggtacctggtacatctggacgaccccgagaagcagcagtgggaaggtgacccgcgggaactcatcgagacgtgtaacgcgtttccgctcgacctgtcgcgcgagctgacgaaagccgagctgcagggcatccgcgcggacatcatggcggccatacgtgacgcaaacctgacggaatacgcggacctgctggacctgctgctggatagcggtatgtgggaccacttcgaatacgcgttcaaccacacaatcgcgtttaacgcgtatctgtcatctcgtcgtggcaagagcgcaaccgtgctagatcgtagcagtgacgagtaa
>gene_37223|RepB
atgtctacaaaaaaagcaagtactaaaaataaagatactcgcactcgtaattggtcttgtattatttatcctggtgaatctgctccggataattggcgtgacattatcgatgaagagcatattgaatggattgaaagccctttacacgataaggatgtaaacgctgatggcgaaccaaaaaaggcacatttacatattcttttgatgtttggtggcgttaaaacccttgaacaggtcaaagaaataactgataaattaaactgtcctaatcctcaaaaggttcataatgctaaatctcttgttaggtatatggctcatttagataatcctgagaaggctcgttatagcattagtgatattaagcctcacggtggcgttgatatttctgaaatgcttcgcccttcttcatctgagcgttatagccttattaatgagatgcttgaatatattgaggataatgatattattgagtttgaggatatagtcaatattgcgaggtgttctcgttttgacgattggtttcctttgctttgtgataattcagcttatatcattgaccgtcatattaaatctaaaagacaccgtttaaaatag
>gene_31625|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atgaaggccgataaattgagtagtgccattgacaacctaaataaggcgttcaagaagttgactgataaaagcaagaagagagatagtcctctgtatgataccatgttaggctacatgcgcgcaatcgaggtgacttacaatcaatcgcgggacgattatcacccgcatattcatgccttactcgcggttactccttcgtattttacgcgttattatctcccgaaagaagcgtggattgccctctggcaagaatgcttgggcgttgactatgcaccatctgtcgatgtgaaggctgtaaagtcaacgccgaaggctgttgccgaagtcggaaagtatcctgtgaaagcagattccgttctagacatcgaagacgaggagaaagctgtggatgtgcttcaagtcttacatcttgcattgcgtcagcgaagacttgtaaccttcggaggtaacttccgccgtatacagcgagaattgcgcttagacgacgttgaagaaggcgacttgatacatgtatcggatgacggcgattcactcaacgtggtggctcgtatgctgtttagatggcgtgttggacagggagtgtatatctgctaa
>gene_33385|RepB protein
atggcaagtgaaaaatcaaggggtagtgatcgtaccagaaattggacagttgttctgtatccagaaagtgcgccagagaattggcgtgctattcttgatgatctgcatattgagtgggtcgaaagtcctttgcatgaatttgatactaatgctattggagaggtgaagaaacctcactggcatttgcttcttatgtttggtggtgttaagtcttatgagcaggtctgtgtggttgttgagcctttgaattgtcctgctccgcaacgctgccataatgttaagtctatggtgcgttatatggcgcatttggataacccagaaaaatatcaatatagtacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatatttctgatttgctgcgccctagttcgtctgaacgttattctattttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataaaagataatggagttacggagttttctgatttcgttttttatgctatggtagagcattatgatgattggtatccgtttttggctgataattccgcttattttattggtcaagtaattaagagtcagcgtcatcgtaatttgaattcttaa
>gene_29603|Replication protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgca
>gene_37413|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_35113|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttg
>gene_14380|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_15985|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_843|RepB
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaac
>gene_45628|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgttgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_34829|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_35936|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_34515|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaaggggtagcgaccgtaccagaaattggacggttgtcttgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgctatccttgatgatctgcatattgagtggatcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgatacgaatgctactggagaagtaaagaaacctcattggcacttgctgcttatgttcggcggcgtcaagtcctatgagcaggtatgtgctatcgttgaaccgttgaattgtcctgttccgcagcgctgccacaatgcaaagtctatggtgcggtatatggcgcacttggataatccggagaagtatcagtacagcacggctgatatagtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgctgagctgctgcgtcccagctcatccgaacggtattccgttttgcgggatatgtgcgagtacataagggacaacggcgttacggagtttgccgacttcgtgttctacgctatggcagaacattacgatgactggtatccgttcttggctgacaactccgcatacttcatcggtcaagtgattaagagccagcgccacagtcaggatggaagcaggtaa
>gene_56783|Replication protein RepB
aaagatgttaatccgactggagaacctaagaaagctcattaccatgttgtgattatgttcgagggtcctaaaacactggaacaagcgaaagaagtctttgacaaaattagcggtgtcggagttgaaaaggttaactcactgcgtggatatgcaaggtatttgtgtcacatggacaatccggaaaaagcacagtatccggtggagtctgtgcgttcactgtgtggtgctgattatacaggcgctatagggcttataacggataaatataaggctattggagaaatgattgactattgcgaagaaaacgacattacgagctattcagagctgttgctgtattgtcgacaagaacggtttgactggttccgtgtactttgcgacaatggaaccgttgtcgttaaggaatatttgaaatctcgtgcgtggacaatggggcgcagagtagaaaggtag
>gene_49115|Replication initiation protein
attacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_34659|RepRC
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacag
>gene_37252|Replication protein RepB
ttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_44313|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_36860|replication protein
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatata
>gene_58023|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_40746|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_34437|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_33276|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_35375|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_43346|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_35741|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_6054|RepB
atgccaaaagaaagcttaaaaagaagtttatattggactatagttgtttatccagagagtttaaagccaaattggaaggatattctaagcaaaaaaatgtttaaatgggtttgtagtcctttgcatgacaaagatattacaaatgagggaacattaaaaaaacctcactatcatttgatttttgcttttgatagtttaaagagcaaggagcaaatctttgagatttgtaaagaaataggggcaaatgaatacgccgagatagttcatagcattaaaggagcgtatgaatacacaacacatgcaaacaaccccgaaaaagcacaatatgataaaagcgatatacaatgtttcaatggatttaatattgaggactttaagtctaaagaggatattttaaacgatgattttgaagcactagacgaaattatttctttcattgacgaacagggaattacggagtttagcgatttttacacctattgtagaactgataagagagagtggtttaaattagttagtgtcaagttttcatttgtgattaatatgcatataaagtccaagcgtcataaagcgcaagggaaacgacaataa
>gene_39110|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtatctcgtaaaaaatctctatgaagagaatatttcagtaaaagacttggttaatttccttgataataacaatttagttacacgatactatcttatcaaacacgataaggacaaaacggcaaacggagaatataagaaaccacactatcatttattggtagagagtgataatacatctcaccacttaaaaaatgacttgcaaacgagttttaaggtgttgtatagtaatattagtcaatgctcaatagaaacgtgtcgtagtgctaaatctcagttaagatacctaattcataaggacaatctggaaaaggcacaatatgacgtatcagatgttatatcaaacgacatagaaaattactatgaaatgatacaagatcaggagaaaaggacggaggctgatattatgcttgatttattctatgattatgttgttgagaaagtagagagtgataagaaactccctgaagattatgacgttctaatgtggtttaaggttagaggtcatttgagttattacgttaagaacaagaacaacctaaaccaaatgattaggacaattgcacttgcactaaacacaaaacctttttag
>gene_27739|Replication protein
atggtggacgacctgcatttcaagtgggtggagggcccgctgcatgaccgtgacgtcaatgcagatggtgcgccgaagaagccccacgtacataccctgctgatctttgaatccgtgaagacacaggagcaggtagcggagctcctgcgtggtgtcttcggcgagagcgagaacggctcgattgtgggtgctgcagcaccccaactggtgagcgatcgatgcgccatcgttcgctacatggcccacctcgataatcccgacaaggcgcagtatgacgtcaacgacatcgttggtcacaacggtgcggatcctgccgagatcctgcggtactcggcaacggagactcgccagatggtcatagccatggaggagttcattgaggacaacgggatcaccgagctggcggatttctccagagccatccggtacgaccaccccgagtggcacacgatcctttcaaccaagatgacggtgtacttcaacgccttcatccgcagttgcagacacaaggccgagatcggccagcctgtcacccctcgatgcaacccggagaccggggaagtcatcagcgaggatggtgacgtcaaatga
>gene_6149|Replication protein
atggcggcgaaagatagtgcaggctcgtcctatggaaagggccgaacacgtaactgggcaactatcatttatcccgaatctgcgcctgaaaattggcaggaaattttgaccgatgagaaggttcaggcgttggtttctccgttgcacgataaggatattaatcctggtggtgagccgaaaaagccacatcgacatgtcattttgcgctttgatgcggtcaagactccggaacaagcaaaagaggtctttgataaaattggtggcgttggctgcgagaaggtcaaggatctccggcagtatgctagatatttgtgtcatttggataacccggagaaggctcagtatgtgacagacgaagtaattaagttcggagggatcgattactttgaacttgtcatgtctgcggctgatgagactgatatgctcggggatatcactcagtttgttgctgataatcatgtcacgaatttgatggattttcagctgtgggctcgggtcaatcgtcctgattggtttcgtcttgtaacaaaatcagctgcgtattacgttgctcaaattatcaaagcagagcgctaccggagtatggagtaa
>gene_20354|Replication protein
atggcggcgaaagatagtgcaggctcgtcctatggaaagggccgaacacgtaactgggcaactatcatttatcccgaatctgcgcctgaaaattggcaggaaattttgaccgatgagaaggttcaggcgttggtttctccgttgcacgataaggatattaatcctggtggtgagccgaaaaagccacatcgacatgtcattttgcgctttgatgcggtcaagactccggaacaagcaaaagaggtctttgataaaattggtggcgttggctgcgagaaggtcaaggatctccggcagtatgctagatatttgtgtcatttggataacccggagaaggctcagtatgtgacagacgaagtaattaagttcggagggatcgattactttgaacttgtcatgtctgcggctgatgagactgatatgctcggggatatcactcagtttgttgctgataatcatgtcacgaatttgatggattttcagctgtgggctcgggtcaatcgtcctgattggtttcgtcttgtaacaaaatcagctgcgtattacgttgctcaaattatcaaagcagagcgctaccggagtatggagtaa
>gene_20200|plasmid replication protein, partial
gagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaacatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_34546|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggtgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttattgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaatatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggttggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_43651|Replication initiation protein
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatcttgacaatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgacatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgctcatcgctgaaatccttgattttgtcgatgctgaaaatatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctg
>gene_6995|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaacatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_38687|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaacatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_33793|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaacatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_14506|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgacctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgctcatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaatatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctaaagtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacatggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_45068|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgccctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgcttatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaacatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctgaggtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacctggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_56713|replication protein, partial
atgcctaatgaaaaatcaaggggcagtgaccgtacaagaaattggacggttgttctgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgagaattggcgtgatattctcgatgacctacatattgagtgggtcgaaagcccgcttcatgagttcgatactaatgcgacaggcgaagtaaaaaagccgcattggcatctgctgcttatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcgtttgagcaggtttgcgaggtggtcaagcctctgaattgccctatcccggagcgctgccataatgcgaaagctatggttcgctatatggctcatctcgataatcctgaaaagtatcgctatagcgtcagtgatattaaagctcatggtggcgttgatatttctgagctgctgcgtccgagttcgtctgagcggtatacgctcatcgctgaaatcctcgattttgtcgatgctgaaaatatcatcgaatttcaggatttgctaaagtatgctcgcaaggaaaagtttgatacatggtttccgctgctgtgtgataattccgcttatgtggtcggtatgtatatcaagagccagcgccataggcaggaaggtaagcggtaa
>gene_2143|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgggagagattggaatggaagaaaactatatttttaaggacgattttatcattagtgaatgtaacgaggaggcatatagtgcgtgcgtttcttttcttgaggatccacatagaaaatttatagcattgttcggtccatcttcctcggggaaaacacatttactaaaaaccatactaaaagaatatcaaacaagatatcccgaagctaaagtaaggaaaaccacttgtgaagaaataatcggcgaatacatagaggttcttaattgcgatgattacaaacagagacgcaaggtcttctgttcggctctttgcgaatatgaacttttgattattgacaacatgcagtttatcgccggaaaaacatctactcaagttgagtttgcctcttggtttgttgagatgttgaaacataataagaacgtattccttgcttttgatactgactttcgaaaagcactaaaagattcgaatggcaaaattcttattcatacaattggtaagtttcgtcgcagcaaaactgttcttacttggtgggaatttgtctctatcttatcaaagttacgccgcgaaatgaatacgagtgagtcctaa
>gene_13258|MULTISPECIES: replication protein
atggtaatagtgtatccggacagtgctccggagcactgggaagagatacttgacgagcaccatatacagtggtgttgttctcctcttcatgatgccgaccataacgcagacggctcgcaaaagaaaccgcactggcacgtagtgattgcgttcgaaggtgttaagacttacgaacaggtcaaggagatcagt
>gene_13261|Plasmid replication protein
atggacaaccctgagaaggcacaatacgacaaggcgttgatacgtacatacggcggcatggagataggtgactatctccgcacatcggagcagttgcggggcaatgtagtccgggatatgtgccgctgggttgttgagaacgaggttaccgagatgtggtctttgatgcagtatgcaatggataacgaaccggactggtgggaggcgcttataacgaatagcggttatatcatggacctgttcgtacgctcttggaggaacggaggtgcacggaagtga
>gene_2518|Replication protein repB
atggtaatagtatacccggatagtgcgccggagcggtgggaggaagtacttgatgaatatcatatacagtggtgctgctctcctctgcacgattctgatacaaatgcagacggctcgccgaaaaagccgcactggcatattgtgcttgcatttgaaggggtcaagacatacgaacaggtaaaggagatatctgacaaactgcacgcacctattcctcaacggattgaatccatacgcggtgcagtgcgatatcttgcacatatggacaatccggagaaagcacaatacgataaggcaaatatccgtacatatggcggtatggatattgctgactatctccgaacatcggaacagatgcgcgggaatgtagtccgcgatatgtgccgatgggtggtagagaatgaagtcacagaaatgtggtctttgatgcagtatgcaatggataacgagccggactggtgggaggctctgataaccaatagcggctatataatggacttattcgtgcgctcatggaggaatggaggtgcgcacaaatga
>gene_19723|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaaaaatgaattaaaagtaaaatatcacaatgatttgaattcaattagtactagaaaattgagtgacatcgacttaaatgtgtttatggcattatgtgctaaggcaaaagaaaaaaatgatatttacattacgattcccatagaagaatttataaagctatctggttttgataataaatcaaccttaaataccagaaagaaaatcataaattttattgataaacgctatgataagctcaaaaaactagaatataagagaaaaacagataaagagctaaagcgatttgacttaattcatggcttatgtgtggagtcggatgaagatatcatcaagttgaaaatagacgaggattttttgtatatcctaaatacgaacgctaattttacaaagtttctgctatcagatttcatcgatatcaaaggaaaatatacaaaaaatctctatcgattactgatgcaatttgatgatactggatgggcagactttgacctggatgattttagaaattatatgggagtgccacaaggttatagaacaaaagacataacagaaaaagtcattaaaccatcaatcaccacattggag
>gene_5536|Mobilization protein MobC
aaccagatccactacagactaaacgccgaggaagccgcaataatcgagaaaaaagcaagtgaagcggggttgaagcccaacacatacgcgaaaaagatcgctctggaagggaaagtgaaagcccctcttctcaatcaggaagcggcgaagatcctgcttccccagatctcgaaagtcggcgcgaatatcaaccaaatagcccgtagtttgaatatgggcgcggaagtgccgaaggaagccgtggaagatatgaagatccagttgtctgatcttctggatcagatatgggcggcgatccttgacggaaaaaagccaaagaaaaaagaggaagctgcggaagctgctccaatggatcaggagcagacggaaacagaaaataatgatatacagtgtagcgaagaagaacacaacgaaacacaagaaaatactgatacacagtgtaatgaaacggaacacacagaaagccaagaaacgcctatatgtcaaaattgcggcgctcctatggaaagaactttatcagcaaaagggcggtattattggcggtgtacggaacacggaaataaatgtccgtttggcggttgggctgactaa
>gene_6160|recombinase
ttgagtcaaaatttgcaaaaacatgcgaataaaaacgatagctcccgtgttacatttgaaaaaagaaaaaaggagctgatgaaaatgagcagcgtttcgttgcatataaaaaaatttaagggtggaaatctttcgggcttgatgaggcacctcgataggacagatgtatcgactaacccagattatgatgcagccaaaaaaaatgaaaacataacgctcttgtctgcatcggcagcaactgaacgaatcaacaaacgaattaaagaactgaatctcaaacggctcaggaaagatgccgttagactcgttggggcagtcgtgaccgctccgaaggactttgaccaagaaaaaacaaaaaattatttgactgctgccacaaaattttttcaaaaaaaatatggtgccgaaaatctgatgtacgcagaagttcataatgatgaaaagactccgcacttgcacctcggatttgtcccagtcacgaaagacggaagactctgcgccaaggaactttttaataaacgcacgcttattcagctgcagacggagttcgctcgggaagtcggcagccaattcggtttggagcgtggaactccaataaaggattccaaaaaaaaatacgtagagatggcgagattaaaatgcagaactgctgaagaagcaactaaaaaagccgagaaagcaaccgccgaagctatgaaagcgctgcataaagtcagagagcaattagttgacctgaatgtatcgagtgctgccatcaatcagattaaatcggatccgccgaagcgcaagtcctctttaatcggagaagatcgctgcgaaatgtcattgagaactgggaaagccctcgaagatgttgttaatgactaccagtccgtccgagctgcatatattgatgaaggaaacaaacggattgaagccgaacagaaagcagcagtcgcagaacggaacgccaccgcagccgagcagaaattcactaaactgcaaaaggactgtcagccctggctgacctgtcggcagtcggtgaggaataacttcaaatctttagctgcatacatcgacaaatgcgaccgtgaatttatagcagacacttgtatccgccgcgccgggaaagcgatttattcacatctggcgcacgtgacttcaatgtatcggaatgctggattcaagaatttcactccagagcaagcgaggactgaattaaacgcagccgaagaaagagcagctgcaggcactggttcacttaatccgaactttggtaattttgatgaatcgaaagagccgtgggacatgctttctaagatgactcaggacgcaaagcgattgagtatttccgcactggatagtagatattaa
>gene_20463|RepB protein
atgtcaagtagaacaagatgttattgtgcaattggttatcctgaatcattaattgataattggatagaattgctccaagaaactcatgttcaaactttaataagtcctttgcacgatatggataaagacattgataataaaccaaaaaaaccacactatcatataatgcttttatttgatggtgtaaaaacaaaagaacaagcgcaaaaaatatttgatagcattaaagcaacaaattgcattgcagttaatagtgttcgtggtcaagcaaggtacttgtgtcatttagatgagcttgataaagctccttatgatgtcggcaatgtggtagcgttaaatggtgccgattacata
>gene_8349|replication protein, partial
atgtcaagtagaacaagatgttattgtgcaattggttatcctgaatcattaattgataattggatagaattgctccaagaaactcatgttcaaactttaataagtcctttgcacgatatggataaagacattgataataaaccaaaaaaaccacactatcatatcatgcttttatttgatggtgtaaaaacaaaagaacaagcgcaaaaaatatttgatagcattaaagcaacaaattgcattgcagttaatagtgttcgtggtcaagcaaggtacttgtgtcatttagatgagcttgataaagctccttatgatgtcggcaatgtggtagcgttaaatggtgccgattacataagcataattgacttaccctctaacaagtaccaagtgattagagatattatctcttattgtcaagaaaacaatatactctcattttcagatctgttagaatatgcttctatcaacaatgaaacttggtttcgttctctatgtgataatagcgcctatattgtgaaagaatatttaaagagtaaatcttggaaacaagatgcaacacttcgcagtaaatggagatatcacgatgagtaa
>gene_15039|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_49813|Replication protein RepB
atcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_38045|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_13438|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_16200|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_19142|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_31714|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_17920|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_47932|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_54263|Replication protein repB
atagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_1073|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_1830|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_17256|Replication protein
atgagcgaaaagaaaaattcaagcagaacgcgaaattttgcgtctgtggtgtacccggactctgccccggatgattggcaggacatactatcggatttacatatcccggctttcatttctcctttacatgacaaggacatcaatcctgatggcttacccaaaaaggcacactttcatgtaatgcttatgtttgagggggtaaagactcgcgaccaggctattgaaatattcaataaaatcggcgcggttggtcttgaaattatccaatctcagcgtggatatgctagatacctgtgtcaccttgataaccctgaaaagcaccaatacgctcaggaatgtgtccgtgctttatgtggagcagactatgctgcaaccattggtcttgtaacggacaaatataaagcgattggagaaatgatagattattgcgaattaaacaacattgtgtcttattccgaactcctgaaatattgccgttctgaaagattcgattggtttcgggttctgtgcgataatggtacagtagtaatgcgtgaattcttgaaaagcaaagattggactgagcaacgcttgaaaagtaatgattag
>gene_42407|RepB
atgaaagaaaaaaaagatacaagagttagaacatgggcattagttgtctatccagaaagtgctccacaagattggattaatattcttaatgaagaacattttaagtttgctatttctcccttacacgataaagatgtaaatgagacaacgggagaaattaaaaaagcacactatcatgttgtattaaactttgaaggaaaaaaatcatttgaacaaattaatgagatatgtaaaaagttaaatgctccaattcctcaaaaagtaaattctattattggagcagttagatattttatacatttagataatccggaaaagtatcaatatgatagaaatgatataaagtcatttaatagttttgatattaataaaccttttgaagatactcaaacattaaatgaacaattaaatgatattagaaatcttataaaagaatataaagtatttaacctacttgatttattagatattatagatgagttaggtttaaccaatttaagagatttcatatatcaaaagagttgttatgtagttactaaaatgttagatgcccaatatcaaaaagtaatgtataagaaaaaaccataa
>gene_50509|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgataactacttgctcatttcatcacggaacagaatatgttccaagccacaacagaagagaaaaaaaagcagaaaaagaagctcacattgacgaaaacggaattcattttacttgggttgatgaaaacctttctgacgcttacgacagactttttggcgaagcattggcagaatataacgcaaagcaaaaacgtaaagacagaaaaataaaaagctatctgcagaacgtccgagaaaattctaaattgcgtgatgtctatgaatgtattgttcaggttggcaatgaaaagaatcatcctgatgaaattatatcaagacaaattcttcaggattatttaaaagagtttcaagaaaaaaatcctagcttgtctgtaattggtgcttactatcacgctgatgaagtcggagaaactccacatctacaccttgattacattcctgttgcacaaggaaaaaagacaggattaaaagttagaaacaatttgacagaagctctaaaaactctaggttatgattcagagtatgtcgaaaatacaaaaaaagaacctaatcccaaaacaggaaaaccatacttaaaactttat
>gene_14986|Putative replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaaacaagtgctactactcgtactcgtaattttgcgacagtagtatatccagagagtgcgcctgataattggcaagagatattaagcgaacagtttgtgcctgcttttattagtccgttacacgataatgacttaaaccctacgggcgaagtcaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttatgattatgttcgacagtgtaaagaccagagaacaggcgcaagacatattcaaccttattggtggtgtcggttgtgaaatcgtgcaatcattaaggggatatgctcgttatctttgccacttggataatccagacaaggcgcaatacttaactgaaaatgtaaggtgcttatgtggtgctgactatgtaggtgttattggacttgccctggataaatacaaggcaatttctgaaatgactgactggtgcgaagaaaacggaattgtagcatttagtgatttattcatttacgcacgcatggagagatatgattggtttcgtgttctctgcgataatggtgctgttataatgcgtgagtatctcaagtcgaaatactgggcacttactaaactcgaccagtaa
>gene_56592|Putative replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaaacaagtgctactactcgtactcgtaattttgcgacagtagtatatccagagagtgcgcctgataattggcaagagatattaagcgaacagtttgtgcctgcttttattagtccgttacacgataatgacttaaaccctacgggcgaagtcaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttatgattatgttcgacagtgtaaagaccagagaacaggcgcaagacatattcaaccttattggtggtgtcggttgtgaaatcgtgcaatcattaaggggatatgctcgttatctttgccacttggataatccagacaaggcgcaatacttaactgaaaatgtaaggtgcttatgtggtgctgactatgtaggtgttattggacttgccctggataaatacaaggcaatttctgaaatgactgactggtgcgaagaaaacggaattgtagcatttagtgatttattcatttacgcacgcatggagagatatgattggtttcgtgttctctgcgataatggtgctgttataatgcgtgagtatctcaagtcgaaatactgggcacttactaaactcgaccagtaa
>gene_13378|Putative replication protein
atggcagaaaagaaaacaagtgctactactcgtactcgtaattttgcgacagtagtatatccagagagtgcgcctgataattggcaagagatattaagcgaacagtttgtgcctgcttttattagtccgttacacgataatgacttaaaccctacgggcgaagtcaaaaaaccgcattatcacgttatgattatgttcgacagtgtaaagaccagagaacaggcgcaagacatattcaaccttattggtggtgtcggttgtgaaatcgtgcaatcattaaggggatatgctcgttatctttgccacttggataatccagacaaggcgcaatacttaactgaaaatgtaaggtgcttatgtggtgctgactatgtaggtgttattggacttgccctggataaatacaaggcaatttctgaaatgactgactggtgcgaagaaaacggaattgtagcatttagtgatttattcatttacgcacgcatggagagatatgattggtttcgtgttctctgcgataatggtgctgttataatgcgtgagtatctcaagtcgaaatactgggcacttactaaactcgaccagtaa
>gene_14960|Replication initiation protein
atggcttctgaaaaaacaaggggcagtgaccgtacaaggaattggacggttgttgtgtaccctgaaagtgcgcctgataactggcgtgactatgtagatgacctgcatattgagtgggtcgaaagtcccttgcatgagttcgatagtaacgccacgggcgaggtcaaaaaaccgcattggcatctgcttctgatgttcggtggcgttaagtcctatgagcaagtttgcgaagtggtcaagcctttgaattgccccatccctcagcgttgccataacgcaaagtcgatggttcgctatatggctcatttggataaccccgacaagtatcagtataatacggctgatattgtggcgcatggtggcgtagatattgccgagttgctccgccccagttcctctgagcggtattccattctgcgggatatgtgcgagtacatccgtgacaatcaagtaaccgagtttgccgatttcgttttctatgccatggcagagcattacgatgattggtatccgttcctggctgataattctgcgtatttcattggtcaagtcatcaagagtcagagacaccgccaggaaggccgttaa
>gene_50669|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggataaagaattaaagtatcttggtaacaaaacattatttgatgaacaaggtaacgaatatgatttacaggctgtaatagaaactggaaatcacgttaaagactatggtttctgcaagttatggttaagtgctttcatgaagaaactggatttacttaccgataaacgtatgaaatttgttttctggctgttagataacgcagataccaaaaactgtttaaactatacttacagggatatggcaaaagcttctggaatctcgtataaaacggttgcagacacgatgaaagtgttactggatgtagatttcgtaagaaaatggaaatgtgtttatatgcttaatccagacgttttattcaaatcgacaaatcctagaacgagacaaggtttcgtggtgatttatcaaacggaatgtgacccaccgtcaaatttgcctgtggaagataagaaagatatggtttcaagaaagatttctatgaaacaaaaacaatataagaagatggaagaacggaatgaagaattccgaaatgaaatcgtaaacgatttcaaagaactggaagaattacacaattctgaaagtgattaa
>gene_5682|Plasmid replication protein
aattggggttttgtgatgtaccccgaatccatgcccgagaattggaaggaaattcttacgagcgcaggccttccgattgctgtaagcccgcttcacgatatggacgtaaaccccgatggagaaccgaaaaaagcgcactatcacgttttggcttgctattcgggtccgacttcggaaaacgttgtaaaacgccttacagacgctttgaacgccccgaagcccattcctattgagagtgtgcgcgggaattacaggtactttacgcatcaagacaaccctgaaaagcatcagtattccgcggacgatattcagacgctgaacggcttcaatattctcgatttctccgagtatacgaaaagcgaggttttgacaaccaaaaagatgctcgttcatctgattatcgagcagggctttgacgagtattctgacttcatcaactacgttctgtttaacggctcggagattgaatttgacgtggcttctggaaataccgtctttttcaattcctatttgaagtcggtcaaattccgcggaatgaatcaagcgtag
>gene_19721|plasmid replication protein
atgtcagatgagaaaaagcaagtggtattgaaaaaacgaaattggggttttgtgatgtaccccgaatccatgcccgagaattggaaggaaattcttacgagcgcaggccttccgattgctgtaagcccgcttcacgatatggacgtaaaccccgatggagaaccgaaaaaagcgcactatcacgttttggcttgctattcgggtccgacttcggaaaacgttgtaaaacgccttacagacgctttgaacgccccgaagcccattcctattgagagtgtgcgcgggaattacaggtactttacgcatcaagacaaccctgaaaagcatcagtattccgcggacgatattcagacgctgaacggcttcaatattctcgatttctccgagtatacgaaaagcgaggttttgacaaccaaaaagatgctcgttcatctgattatcgagcagggctttgacgagtattctgacttcatcaactacgttctgtttaacggctcggagattgaatttgacgtggcttctggaaataccgtctttttcaattcctatttgaagtcggtcaaattccgcggaatgaatcaagcgtag
>gene_28940|replication protein, partial
atggcaatggaaaaaacaagagggagtgaccgcactagaaactggactgcggttgtatatcccgatagcgctcccgataattggagagcaattcttgatgacactcatatcgagtgggtggaatccccccttcatgagttcgacgccaatcctacaggtgaaatcaaaaagccccattggcatgtgctgctgatgttcggcggcgtcaagagttacgagcaggtatgcagcgttcttgagcctctcaactgtccgcgtcctgagcgttgtcataactctaaagccatgattcgatacatgtgccatcttgataaccccgacaagtatcagtaccctgtaagcgaaattgtggctcacggtggcgtggatctagcggagctgctccgtccgtctgcatctgagcgttacactctgattgctgaaatggccgatttcatccgtaccgagggcatcaccgagttcaaagacctcatggattatgccatccataacaagttcgaaacgtggttccctctcctgtgtgataattcggcgttcatcatcaaccagtacatcaagtcccaacggcatagccgagagggtaaatga
>gene_40022|Replication initiation protein
atgtcattaaatactcaaactaataagataagtggtgttattaattttccaacttgtttaaaaactaatgaagatattgataatttcattaataactttaaaagtttttgtggtggttattctaaagagttttacattatttatcataatcgcgacgtgacagagcaaggcgagtttaaaactccgcatttgcattttctgttagatacttctaatatttccgatagaaagcgtttgtccactcatcttattgctattgccgattatcttcatattgttactaatttagtttctgttgatacctggagaaattatgaaagtgctattcaatatttaattcataaaaatgaccctgaaaaagtccaatataaacgttctgaaattattactaatcaaacttcagattatttaaaaattattcttgataaagagttatctgaaaatatctctattgattatatactttcactttgttctaattgtaaaactaaaacagaagtttatataaaacttggtttaaaaaattctaagctttatagggctcttgtaaatgatatatttgctgatacacataagaatacttactaa
>gene_40044|Replication initiation protein, RepB family
atgtctttaatgcattattataatctaaaaaagacacttttatacatcacaaaaggggttataaatatgcaagatgaaacaagagagtttgacgatagaaatagtctaagggttgtaatgcagaactcttttttgaaaggcaaggtatcgcgcgacatggatgctgctgcgcagaagtttttaagaatgtgtatctctcaatgcaagctcacagataataaattctatcagtacgaaattagtgctaatgaaatagctgataagttcaatatcgatgtacataacgtctacgcttgtacggatcgatggacagaccaggcgatggatgcgaagcttctgcttaaggctccgggtaatgattattatgaaaaatacaatctgttttcgaaatgcacatacaaggattgcaagctaaccatgaagctttcggaagatatgactccattttttttacacataaaaaaacagctaggatatacgcagtatgaactgagttcgattcttcagatgaaaggcaagcatactgttccaatatacgagttgattttgagagaattaaaatcaaaatcgccttacgcgaatcac
>gene_7746|RepB protein
atgactatatcacagggcaacggattttacaagagcacccctcccgccgaaaagggaggtttttttatggcaaacaggaagaagtgggacgcgaaaaccgatgcaaagagggcagggaaaaggacaaggaactggctgttcattgtctatcccgaaagcgcgcccgaagggtggcaggaaactattagtcaatactgcccgaagtgggtattgtcacccctgcatgataaggatatcaatgcagacggtacaccaaagaaaccgcattatcacgttttactggtttttgacactgttcaaaccgtggagcatgtgcaagagttgacttccgcactcaatgctcctatcccgatacagtgtaaatcaaccgccgcgcaaattagatacttcgcgcacttagacaatcccgaaaagtaccagtacccgcgagaggaaataatcgggcatggcgggttcgacgtgcaaggcacgatcgacaccgccgccgataaaatgcaggtgctttgtgagattatcgcatggacaaagaaaacgggttgctgtcggttcaaccaactggtcgattacgccatggaaaacaatcag
>gene_15915|Replication protein repB
atgtccaaagagaacggtaaggggcgtactagaaattttgcaacggtagtgtatcctgaaagtgcgcctgatgggtggcaagaaatacttgcagaacagtttgtaccagcttttatcagtccgttgcatgacaaggatatcaatcctacgggtgaagcaaaaaaaccgcattatcatgtcgtagtgatgtttgatggcgtaaagaccaaggaacaggcacaagacctgttcgagaagatatgcggagttggttgtgaagtcgttcagagtattcgtggttatgctcgctatctatgccacatggacaaccccgacaaggcgcagtacaagcaagaggacgtgcgctcattgtgcggtgctgattatgtcggcgttgttggtttggtgctcgataagtacaaggctataggagagatgatagacttctgcaaggaatacaatatctacagttattccgaccttttagagtactgcaggtcggaacggttcgattggttcagggttttgtgtgacaatggtactgtcgtcatgaaggagtacttgaagtcacgttcatggtcggaaaacagagaagttgaaaaaaagtga
>gene_37067|RepB
atggctactaaaaaagcagctgataacaggtctaaatcttggcttgcggtcgtttatcctgatagcttgccggaaaactggcgtaatattcttattgaggaataccaaattgaatgggtttgctctccacttcatgagttcgatatcaatcctgatggtgagaagaaaaagcctcattaccatttgcttttggtttttggtggtcttaagtcttttgagcagattaaacagataactgaccggcttaatgctcccattcctcagcgctgccattcggctaaaggtgctgtgcgttatatgctgcatcttgataatcctgaaaagtatcagtaccctcgctcagagcttcagtcttatggtggtgtagatattgatgatttgcttcgtccgagttcttctgaccgctataaagctatttctgaaatgtgcgatttcatcattgaaaatgatattcgggaatatcgtgagctttttgattatgccaggcaaaatgaatttgaaacttggtttccggcgctttgtgataactgctcctatgttatcggtcagtatattaagtcataccgagcttctatatctgctcaatag
>gene_16706|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgactacaatagcagttcacaacggcactaccgttcacagaggacacaacagacgtgaccgctggatagcggacaaagaagaccatatagacccggcaggaaaattcgaaatctggcatgacgaagatattgtcaaggcatacgacagaatattcggttcggcgttgcaggactataaccaaaagcagaccagggaggacagaaaaatcaaatcctactacgagcagataaggcagggttccaacgaccgtcatcctgtttatgaggttatagtcggcgtatacaaatccaacgctccggagcaggtgcagcatgatattttaaaagatttctacgagaagtggaaaattttctatccgaaactggatattgtcggagcctactaccacgccgatgaagagggagagccgcatcttcatatcgactacgttcccgtcgcaacgggatacaggagggggcttgaaaaacagaacggacttgtaaaggctctggagcagatgggatttgtcaaggacggaaaagagtttgccgtttcaaaatggcagcatgacgcacgtgatgttctggaatactgctgcaagtctcacggcatcgacgatatagaacaccctcaggcgggaaaagacgtgaagcatctgcacaccatggcgtacaaagcatatcagattgaaacaaggatacgtcaacatgaagcctacgccgcaacgctgacggaaaaagccgaccagaaacagcagcagcttgatttgctggctaaaagtgaaaaggaaatccatgaatcctcctccgaaacgctcccagaaacaaaaaaaacgcctctgggacgtcttttgggcaatgaacagtgggaaaccttagaaaaaacctttaacggcttaaaagcaaaaataaaggctctgattgccgaaaacggaattctgaaatcagaaaacagggatttatctatccaaaacacagcccttaaacaggagaacagcaggctgcattcaaccgactggtatgcggaaaacaaacggctgaaagagaagaactgggacatctcatgccgtatgggtgatttaaaggcagacattcagcagcagctccagaaacagaaaaagcagctgaccgaagaacagatagagcctctccagaagaagcttttgtggtttaagggaatggcggagaaagcggagaccagtaaaaagacattgaagcagaagcataagtttgatatcgaagaactgacagacaggtatgaaaagctgcttgattttatatgctgggactataacatcgataaatcgcagatagacaagtacaaggcaaaaatagatcggcagacagaaaaaggacacgatatgacaagataa
>gene_21326|Replication protein repB
atgtctgaaaaacactcaatgagataccgaaactatgcgaccgttgtttatcctgagagcgcacctgagaagtggcaagaaatcctctcagaacagtttgtaccagcttttataagtccattgcatgaaaatgacgttaatccaactggagagccaaaaaagccacattttcacgttgtaatcatgtttgacagtacaaagacggtagaacaggcaaaagaaatcttttctctgatcggtggggttggctgcgaagtagtcaagagtatcagagggtatgcaagatatctttgtcatttagataatcctgagaaggctcaatacgatcctgaacaggtccgctcgctctgcggagcggactatcatcatacgattggtcttgcaatcgacaaatataaggcaattcgggaaatgatggcttattgtcaggaatacagtattcttagctattcagatctgttggagtattgctctgttgagcgttccgattggtttagagtgttatgcgacaacggtactttagtcatgaaagaatacttaaagagtaaatcttggtctttggatcgggagttgagaaagatgaattaa
>gene_55244|Putative replication protein
atggcagaaagaaaaatagacactagaacaagaaattttgcttgcgtagtgtatcccgagagtgcccccaaagattggcaagaaatactttcaaagcatttcgtaccagcgtttgtgagccctctgcacgataaagacatcaatccgacaggcgaatccaaaaaagcacactatcatgttatgctcatgtttgagggtaaaaagtcggttgaacaagttactgaaatctttaagtcaatcggtggtgttggttgtgaaaaaatcaactctatacgtggctatgcacgttatttgtgtcatctagacaatcctgaaaaggttcagtattctccggagcacgttcggtcgttttgtggtgctgattataacggcgttatagggcttgcaacggacaaatacaaggctattggagaaatgattgactactgcgaagaaaacgatattacgagctattcagagctacttttgtactgtcggcaagagcgttttgactgg
>gene_49679|Replication protein repB
gactactgcgaagaaaacgatattacgagctattcagagctacttttgtactgtcggcaagaacgttttgactggtttcgtgttctttgcgataacggcaccgttgtggtcaaggaatatcttaaatctcgcgcttggactatggggcgacgagtagagcgttga
>gene_26776|Replication protein RepB
atgtcgaaccaaaagctcgcctatacaataatagcgtatccagaatcaatggttaccggctggaaaatgcttttgtatgagttgccgttcggctattgttacagtacgcatgataaagatatagaaaaagaaacaggaaaaataaaaaagcctcatatacatttcttttttcaaggcgtaccaaccaaaaaacaaaaggaatatatatcacaggctttaggtgtagggtatctgggtcaagatgtcagatcctattcaggtatgtatgattatctcacgcatgaaaatgaccctgataagtatcattattctaaggatagtatacgatatagtgaaaaatggaatcaagaacaatttgaaact
>gene_19849|Replication protein RepB
atgtcgaaccaaaagctcgcctatacaataatagcgtatccagaatcaatggttaccggctggaaaatgcttttgtatgagttgccgttcggctattgttacagtacgcatgataaagatatagacaaagaaacaggaaaaataaaaaagcctcatatacatttcttttttcaaggcgtaccaaccaaaaaacaaaaggaatatatatcaaaggctttaggtgtaggatatcaaggtcaagatgttagatcctattcaggcatgtatgattatctcacgcatgaaaatgaccctgataagtatcattattctaaggacagtatacgatatagtgaaaaatggaatcaagaacaatttgaaactagttatgaaccgcctaaagaagatttacttaattccttatttgcgtatataaaa
>gene_40156|Plasmid replication protein
atgaataaagtagactatacaaaaataaaatccagatattggtattttgtattatatccagaatcattaccagatggatggttacaattcttaattaatacaggagctaaatttagcttaagtccattacatgataaagatataaatactgatggtgaattaaaaaaatcacattatcatatgatttattgttatgatggccctacaacatttaataatgtttctcaaagaatacaaaaacctttaaattgtcctagacctgaatctattgttagtgttagaggtgcgtatagataccatactcatcaagacaatcctgaaaaatatcagtatgaagttaaagaaatattaaattataatggatttgcaatatcggattttactgatttaactagttctgaaactttcaatattaaatgttttattactgatcttattgtatctgcgaaattgtatagttatttttatttaattgaatatcttaaaaacgagggtatgaaagatgaattatatgtagtttataacaatacaacatttttcaatagttattgtaatagtttttataaaagtagacatgaagattaa
>gene_3350|Replication protein
gcacgcaagcagcccaagttccttttcaaggggtgggcgcgacgcgtggaaatcacgtacaacaacaaggcgcacacctttcacccgcattatcacgcaatttttctgataccggcaggcgcagcgcaagacgctgcagccatgcatgcattgatccgggatctgtggcgcagcgcgctgcgcattgattatgatccggtgacggattttcaatggatcgaggatctgaccgcaggcgggcaagacgagaacgcaaccccggagctacacaaagcaatcctggaaacgttcaaatacacgatcaaagatgatgccatggggcaaatgccccttgatacctttcgcgcctttgtggaaggcatcaacggaaagcgcttgaccgcttacggcggagtgatcaaggacgcccgggctgctctggacttttctgacgatctccaggacgagcaacaagacgcttgcagcggctgcgcaaatgcggcgctgcagcgcgtgatttaccggtggtcgttcgcctcaaatacctatgagcgctttgagaatatcgtgaccgcagcgctgcccaggatcgcgccgggagcataa
>gene_14160|Replication protein repB
atgagtgaaaaaaaatcaagtgggcaagggcgcacaagaaattatgcaactgttgtatatccggaaagcgcaccggataattggcaacagttactctcagaacaatttgttccggtgtttgttagtccgttacatgataaggatttaaaccctacaggcgagcctaaaaaaccgcattatcatgtaatggttatgtatgacagtgttaagactaaagaacaggctattgagctattttctaagtttaacggtgttggttgtgaggtagtgcagagtctaagaggttatgctcgttatttatgtcatttagataatcctgaaaaggcacagtattcacctgaaatggtgcgttcaatgtgtggcgcagattatcctggtgttattggtcttgttacggacaaatataaggctataggtgaaatgattgattattgcagggaatataatatatacagttattctgatttgttagagtattgtagaatggagcgttttgattggtttcgtgttctttgtgataatggtactgtagtcatgaaggagtatctcaaatctaaatcttggacggacaatccgtcgaattaa
>gene_30741|replication protein
atgaaagaaaagtcaatacaaaaagcagacgatagaagcagaaattggtgcttcgtaatgtaccctgaatcagctccggagaactggcgcgacatattggatgaatattgcgcaccttacgcgatatcaccgatacacgataaggatgtaaatccggacggagaaccgaagaaaccacattttcatgtgacgataacacatcataacaagaagtcatacgaacaggtttgcgagcttaccgctcgtctgaacgctaccatccctcaaaaagtcgcaaacatggtcggcaatatcagatacatgattcataaggacaaccccgaaaaagctcaatacgataagcaggatattataacaggttgcggattcgatatcgagaattatttatccaggacaaagaccgaatcaaggcagattatgcgtgagatatacgcttttatcagggagagcaatattaatgaattctgtgatctgatggactacgcatttgataatgaaccagaatggtttgattaccttgttgatgggcacagtataatgttggctgcgctattccagagcagacgaggaaaggagaaaaattga
>gene_1910|Replication protein repB
gctgacaaaagtcaaaaaggtgatgaccgtgcacgaaattggactttcatagtctaccccgagagtgcacccgaaaattgggtggaagtcctcgaggatctccacgtccaatgggtcgaaagtcctttgcatgataaggacttaaacggcgatggtagcccgaaaaagccacacaagcatataggactattcttcgatggcaagaagacatatgagcaagtgtgtgaggttgcacaggccgtaaacggcactatcccgaaaagaacccttaatgcgaggtcattggtcagatactttgcccatttggataaccccgagaaagcacagtatagtgcagcagaggtggttgcccacggtggcatagatttgcagagcatcttggcaccgtcctctgcggaacggcacgagatagttaaagcaatgatgacctattgcgaagaaaacgacatcaccgaattttcagacctttgcgtgatagcgatgcaagaacatgcagacgattggtttcccgtccttgtcgaccacaacacaatcgttatgcagacctatctcacaagcagacggcataaactacatggcaactag
>gene_20925|Putative replication associated protein
gtgtccgttgtattccgagtaagaaaggaggaacaagaattgaagaagcgaagcaacgtcttacgtagtgaaggcgaagtggtagcggaagcgaaagagaagcgtaaacgaggcgaaagaagtaagcaatggcaattgacggaaaacaacccgtcctatacgaagcaagaggcagtggaacggctcgcaagtattggaacggccatttatggcataggttgtagtgaatgtggcgaaagtggaacgaaccacgttcacgcttacgtcatttggaaaaatgccattgagttgggttctttaaagaaagcatttccaagagcgcattttgaacactgcaaaggctccgtccaaagcaatgtagattacatagcgaaggacgatcccgaaccctacgaagtgggtgagaagccgtcagtggtcagcgaatggaaagccgacgtgtcggccgaagtagtcgcgttgattctggaaagtggtcttgaccctatccagattctacgaaagtaccctaggtactgcgattacgtagtgaagaactttaagaaccttagcgagatatacgctagcaaccgctataagagatga
>gene_218|RepB
atgcctaaagaaaaaacaagaggtcatgaccgcacgcgtatctggtctgcggttgtttacccagatagcgcacccgaaaactggcgcgaggttctcgatgatttgcatattgaatgggtcgagagtccgctgcatgagttcgacacaaaccctactggagaggtcaagaaagcgcattggcacatcgtcatgtcttttgacggtccgaagtctttcgagcaagtgtgcgaaattctagagcccttgcattgccctattccgcagaagtgccacgcgctccgtggtgcagttcggtatatggcacatctggacaacccagagaaatatcaatatcctacatctggcatcgttcctcatggcgggtttgacctcgctgctgcgcttgctccgtcctctagtcagcgctatgagttgattgccgaaatgaccatctgggtcaaggaaaatgttgtgacagagttccaagacctc
>gene_648|Rep50
atggccgaaaaaacaagtactcctgaccgtactcgcgtttggtctgctatagtctaccctgactctgcgcccgaaaattggcggtcaattctcgatgatgagcatatcgaatgggcggagagtcctctccatgagttcgatattaacgatgcaaccggcgagcttaaaaagccgcattggcacatctgtctttcttttgcaggtctcaagtcctttgatcaggtcaaagagctgcttgctccgctgaattgtcctataccgcagaaatgtcattccctcaaaggcgtagttcgctattttgcgcatcttgataacccagagaaacatcaatactcccccgctgatattcgcgcacatggcggatttgatgtcgatgcagcattgcagccttcttcctcgcagcgttatgagctgattgatgaaatgctggagtactgcaaaactgagtcagttatggagtttcaagatattgtagattatgcccgcttcaaccgtcgttcggattggtttcctctcctctgcgacaattcctctctgattgtgaaggaatatatcaaatctgctcgttgcagatcctctcgataa
>gene_2552|Plasmid replication protein
atggctactaccaccacaccaaagtcccgccactgggcgaccatcgtctaccccgatagcgcacctgctgactggttggatgtactcgcagaccttcacgtctgcgcctttgtctcgccacttcacgatcgtgacgttgccaacgtagacaccggcgagctgaagaagccccactaccacgtactcatgagctatgacggacccaccacgagcaaggtggccaaagaagcgttctcgtcgttcggtggcgttggtgctgagctggtccgctcgcagagtgcctacgcacggtacctgtgccacctagacgagcaggacaaggtgaagtacccgattagcgatgtgcgagagcttgcaggtgctgactacaacgaggtcattcagacgaacgtggaccggctgaccgctatcgaagagatgcaggactggtgcgagcagaacggcatcacgtcgtatgccgcgctgaacaggtacgcacgtcacgagcggcgagactggttcagggtgttgaacacatcagcgacggtagccatgaccgcctttctgaagtcgctgaagtgggaacgtgacaacggcatctcatag
>gene_17291|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
gtgagtaaacttgcatatcatgccggacattacaagtctggaaatatacgtggcattgccatgcacaactgggaaaaacgaggtaagaaagaccttcatagcaatcaggatatagatccgtcacgtagtcatttgaacgtgcagttaatcgatcaggaacgtacactgtacatgtcgatcaagaaagatatcgaggaacgctgcacaggtcgtgttactaaagcaagtaactggatgagtgagacaatcacatatccgccggagaacatactgggggatcgtgataagtgcatagcctattttaaggacgtactcgaatggcacaagaaagagttcggtgctgagaacgtgaaatcgtctgtaatccattttgatgagactacagagcatttacatacagatctgattccaatgaccaaggacggacgtttaagcagtaaggacgtattctccagggcaaatctcaaccgacatcacacggagcttgcgaagttccttcaggaacgaggttgggatattcagaggggcgaatctacgaaagacaagccggatcgtaagcctaagacagtcaaagaatacaaa
>gene_1404|Mobilization protein
atggacgaggctgcgccccgagccggccaagaaacggaggtgccgaacatggcagcatggaacccattcgccaagaaaaaagaagaaccggaggtgacaccggtacagccgaaagtcaccccggaaaagaagcagctaccgtcagagccggaagctgcagtaccggtcgagccggtgctggaagaagaggaaagtaagaaaaagcgcaggggcaaaccccaggatttttccaagctgacccgaaataagaccgtccagatccggatgacagaggaagaggttgccagattgaaagaggcagccaaggccgccgatatgactctggcagacttcgttctggccggcgttgatcagagtcggttcgtagctctgccaggtggtctggagatccggaaggaattattccgagagggcaaaaatctgaaccaggcactttacctggctcatcttgctcggaaggaaggacgccctgcagatctgcagggcgtcctggatgccgtggccaaggtggaggacaacctcgatcgtttggccgttctgatagaaacctggcacatagatttgtccagccaggtacaagaatga
>gene_14572|replication protein
atggcaaatgaaaaatcaagaggagctgggcgtactcgttcttggacttttgttttatacccagagtccgctcctaataactggcgagatataatagacgatttacatatgcagtgggttgagagtcctctgcatgacaaagacgagaacgcagacagcactcccaaaaagcctcattggcatatccttttgtgctttgatagcgttaagacctttgagcaagtcaaagagcttacagatactttaaatgctccaattccccaaaaatgtcatggcggtgctaaaggtcttatacgctatatggcacatttggataatccagagaaagctcaatatcagatttctgatataattccgcacggtggttttgaccttgaagaagctcttcgtcctacttcctcagataggtatgagcttgttagacagatgatatcttttattcgtgagaataatgtaactgagtataagcacttttttgattactgtatggataatgaggaagaatggtataagcttctttgtgataattcaacttatgtgattaaagagtatataaaatctaatagacatagtcagcggtaa
>gene_38643|Plasmid replication protein
atgccgtcagtaaatcaatcgacgttttggacagcgattctgtacccggatagtctgccttccggttggcgcgatacgctgaaaaatatcggtttgccggtttatctgtctcctctccaccagcctgatagtgaagatggagaaggagcacagaagaaaccgcactatcacctgctttatgcactcggatctagcgtatcggctcgaagagccacggcggctatttggaaactctcgcctggattcctaaagcctgaaccagcataccaccgccatgctctagaacgctactttgtccacatggataacccagaaaaggagcagttcgaaaaagaaaactatggtgagacctggggcggctatgttgttgactacgatgccccagacattgccatgttcgacattgtgaacatgattgttcgtgaagagattacatctctgattgaactctacggatacctatcaacagacgaatatggttacttggctgattacgttgttaagcatcaggcagatgtaattgccgttttgaacgataaccactaccgcattaaagagggcggtctggataactccaagtaa
>gene_335|Plasmid replication protein
atgccgtcagtaaatcaatcgacgttttggacagcgattctgtacccggatagtctgccttccggttggcgcgatacgctgaaaaatatcggtttgccggtttatctgtctcctctccaccagcctgatagtgaagatggagaaggagcacagaagaaaccgcactatcacctgctttatgcactcggatctagcgtatcggctcgaagagccacggcggctatttggaaactctcgcctggattcctaaagcctgaaccagcataccaccgccatgctctagaacgctactttgtccacatggataacccagaaaaggagcagttcgaaaaagaaaactatggtgagacctggggcggctatgttgttgactacgatgccccagacattgccatgttcgacattgtgaacatgattgttcgtgaagagattacatctctgattgaactctacggatacctatcaacagacgaatatggttacttggctgattacgttgttaagcatcaggcagatgtaattgccgttttgaacgataaccactaccgcattaaagagggcggtctggataactccaagtaa
>gene_43172|Plasmid replication protein
atgccgtcagtaaatcaatcgacgttttggacagcgattctgtacccggatagtctgccttccggttggcgcgatacgctgaaaaatatcggtttgccggtttatctgtctcctctccaccagcctgatagtgaagatggagaaggagcacagaagaaaccgcactatcacctgctttatgcactcggatctagcgtatcggctcgaagagccacggcggctatttggaaactctcgcctggattcctaaagcctgaaccagcataccaccgccatgctctagaacgctactttgtccacatggataacccagaaaaggagcagttcgaaaaagaaaactatggtgagacctggggcggctatgttgttgactacgatgccccagacattgccatgttcgacattgtgaacatgattgttcgtgaagagattacatctctgattgaactctacggatacctatcaacagacgaatatggttacttggctgattacgttgttaagcatcaggcagatgtaattgccgttttgaacgataaccactaccgcattaaagagggcggtctggataactccaagtaa
>gene_7337|Replication protein
atggcaaagtctaagtcagaactcaatcgcagaagtcaggattatatcgagagcacgcagacgcttatcggcacgcagaagaaaacacttgtcgacttggatacaggagagaagattcttgtcgaccaaatcacgaagcgtgtttacggtactaagcaattctggaagatgtacttgatggatttcttgatgattcttggtatcatcgacagtaagcaggtagatatctttatttacgtggtcgaaaatacagaccagagcaacaatctttttatcggcacatataagaagattgctcaggacctgcatgtgtctgaaccgaccatcgcccgtatcatgaagaagctgaaggacaacggctttgtaaagcgcattcaaaacggcgtttggatggtcaacccgaatattttgatgaagggcaacgacactaaacgtcagattttacttagctattacgaagcagacgaaccgattgacagcattacttatagccggactatgcgccctgaaatcgccacaactgaacacacaacaccagaacagaagttccaagctatcgaggataccaccagcaatgagtaa
>gene_21090|Replication protein
atggcaaagtctaagtcagaactcaatcgcagaagtcaggattatatcgagagcacgcagacgcttatcggcacgcagaagaaaacacttgtcgacttggatacaggagagaagattcttgtcgaccaaatcacgaagcgtgtttacggtactaagcaattctggaagatgtacttgatggatttcttgatgattcttggtatcatcgacagtaagcaggtagatatctttatttacgtggtcgaaaatacagaccagagcaacaatctttttatcggcacatataagaagattgctcaggacctgcatgtgtctgaaccgaccatcgcccgtatcatgaagaagctgaaggacaacggctttgtaaagcgcattcaaaacggcgtttggatggtcaacccgaatattttgatgaagggcaacgacactaaacgtcagattttacttagctattacgaagcagacgaaccgattgacagcattacttatagccggactatgcgccctgaaatcgccacaactgaacacacaacaccagaacagaagttccaagctatcgaggataccaccagcaatgagtaa
>gene_987|Replication protein
atggctgaaaacaaaacaagtggaaaaggtcgtacaagaaattttgcgacaatagtttatccagagagtgcacctgaaggttggcaagatatattagctcaacagtttgttcctgcatttattagtcctttgcatgataaggatattaaccctacaggcgaacctaaaaaacctcactatcatgttgtattgatgtttgatagtgtcaaaacaaaagaacaagccattgagatttttgaaaaaatcggtggtgttggttgtgatgttattcagagtatccgtggctattctcgttatttatgccaccttgataatccggaaaaagcacaatatgcggaaaataccgtgcgttcattgtgcggtgcagattatgctaatgtaatagggcttgtaacggataaatacaaggctattggagaaatgatagacttttgccaagagaataatatttttagttattctgacttgctagagtattgcagaatggagagatttgattggttccgtgttctctgtgataatggcacagtggttatgaaagaatatctaaaatctaggtcttggacaaacaatgcacagtga
>gene_48197|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcacagaaaaatgtcaagaaacgtaactgggcatttattgtgtatcccgaatcagctccagagaattggaaagaggctcttgcacagactggtttgcagtgtgctattagtccgttgcatgacaaggatgtagaccccactggaagccctaaaaaggctcattatcacgttattgcgtgttatagtggtcccacatcgttcaatgtcgtaaaatcgcttacagacggctttaacgcccctattccgcaggctcttgagcaagtgcgaggatattacagatacttgacccataaggacaacccagagaagttccagtatgatgagttggcgatccagactatcaatggtttcaatatcgccgattttacggaactgtccaagagtgaggtcatggcgattaagaaaaggcttcaaggtcttatcagagaattggaactggtagagtattctgacttcatggattttctcatggataacgagatgaatgtcgagtatgatgttgccagtaacaacacatattttttcgagaaatacatcagcagtaaaagaaataaatacttccctcgagagggtcgttga
>gene_56707|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtcacagaaaaatgtcaagaaacgtaactgggcatttattgtgtatcccgaatcagctccagagaattggaaagaggctcttgcacagactggtttgcagtgtgctattagtccgttgcatgacaaggatgtagaccccactggaagccctaaaaaggctcattatcacgttattgcgtgttatagtggtcccacatcgttcaatgtcgtaaaatcgcttacagacggctttaacgcccctattccgcaggctcttgagcaagtgcgaggatattacagatacttgacccataaggacaacccagagaagttccagtatgatgagttggcgatccagactatcaatggtttcaatatcgccgattttacggaactgtccaagagcgaggtcatggcgattaagaaaaggcttcaaggtcttatcagagaattggaactggtagagtattctgacttcatggattttctcatggataacgagatgaatgtcgagtatgatgttgccagtaacaacacatattttttcgagaaatacatcagcagtaaaagaaataaatacttccctcgagagggtcgttga
>gene_20572|Plasmid replication protein
atgtctattccttattctttgaaaagaactggaactttcacatttatgttctatcttgaagacgcgcccgtaaactggcaaattaggctcatagacctacgtttacctggatattatataaatcactaccgtgatgtagaacgccccttaatgacgctaaaaaggcctcatttgcacgttctaataaaatccgataaaagatatagaccagatgaaatcagaaaaatagcagaatatgtgggcgggtcgaaagtaaaagttcaaccggtagtctcattcaaaggtattctaagatatctatgtcacctggacgacccaaataaagctcaatacaatatggaagaggtccaatgtatgtgtggatgtaactatcaaaaagaagttggtccaggatatgaaaatcaagctcaaatagtttcagaaatcgtagaattctgtgagagcgaggaaatttatgtgtatgcagatcttgtttcgtattgtgtacataataacgagagatggctacgatttctgattcaacgaggtaaaatcgtttttgattttatgaaatcaagatgttgggattccaacaaacggtag
>gene_14416|replication protein, partial
atgagtgagaaaaagtccagagggtcagaccgcacccgaaactggtgcatcgtggtttacccggagtcggcgccggagaattggagagacttcctcgacggaattgagtgggtcgagtctccgctgcataagttcgattcgaaccccaccggcgaggtgaagaaagctcattggcacgtcctgctgatgttcggcggcgtcaaatcgtatgagcaggtgtgcgacttcatcaagccgctgaactgcccgattccgcagcgatgccacaatgcaaaggctgcggtgcgctatatggcgcatttggataacccggacaagttccagtattccgtgggagaaatcgtcgcacacggcggcgtagacctcgctgagatccttcgtccgtcttcgtctgagagatacggtctgatcagagagatgcagtcatgggtcaaggaaaacagagtgacagagttccaagaccttttcgactacgcagcagctgaacggttcgacgattggttcccggcgttgtgtgataactgcgccttcgtgatgagcctgtacatcaagtccgcaagacaccgcctgggcggggtctaa
>gene_1275|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atgagtgagaaaaagtccagagggtcagaccgcacccgaaactggtgcatcgtggtttacccggagtcggcaccggagaattggcgagacttcctcgacggaattgagtgggtcgagtctccgctgcatgagttcgattcgaaccccaccggcgaggttaagaaagctcattggcacgtcctgctgatgttcggcggcgtcaaatcgtatgagcaggtgtgcgacttcatcaagccgctgaactgcccgattccgcagcgatgccacaatgcaaaggctgcggtgcgctatatggcgcatttggataacccggacaagttccagtattccgtgggagatatcgtcgcacacggcggcgtagacctcgcagagatccttcgcccgtcttcgtctgagagatacggtctgatcagagagatgcagtcatgggtcaaggaaaaccgagtgacagagttccaagaccttttcgactacgcagcagctgaacggtttgacgattggttcccggcgttgtgtgataactgcgccttcgtgatgagcctgtacatcaagtccgcaagacaccgcctgggtggggtctaa
>gene_56102|TraE protein (Fragment)
atgccgtttcgggcgcatgagatcatggagccgggcgggacgtactgcggcatgaacgcaatcagcaacaacctgatcattgccaaccgcaagaacctgttaaacggcaacggcttcattctcggcgtgtctggttccggcaagtcgtttttcagcaaacgtgagattgtgtcaatcttccttggcacaaacgatgagatcatcatcgccgatccgcagaacgagtacacgcctttggttcaggcgctcggcggcgtggcgatcaacctgtcgcctacttccccgaaccatatcaacgctatggacttggcgttgggttacggcgattctgcgaatccgctgattgcaaagagcgagttcgtgctgtcctttatcgaacagatcatgggcggtatcgcaaggaatacaacgataccctgctcagtaaggtcaccgaggtgtccaactcgattatccaggaacggtacatcaccgtgtccgtttcagcccgagatattgaggaggcacgaagctactttatccgaaccaatgcggagttgtctgcctactttgccaagctgtcctcgtcctgtacggaactga
>gene_6936|Putative replication protein
atgggctatgcactaaaaaagatacgaaaaagcaagaaaacagcatatatttcaaagaaagagcaactaaaggcagaatttactgcaaaaaatgctattttgaagcgtaaattcttgcccgtgggtgctctccaatactatcaagaattatatggagaggactatgagcaacggcgttgctatatccttgccaatgagaaaaagggcaggattcgctttactgatagcatagaaacgctattagagcaggaaagcgaacacaatgacttatacctgcatccgtgctccttcttcaacaattaccctaagatggctacactaaagcgtttatacgcttttgtggtagacttggacggggtttcaagctatgacctacggcagatagtgcagaaaatcactgctaaaggctacaatctgaagccaacgtatataataaatagcggaaatggcgttcatttggtctatatcctcgaaaaaccagtcgaaacatataataagaccaaaccacacctaaaagccctcctgaaggctctaaaagcgtcatatgagggcaattctacaagctataaagtagataag
>gene_55293|Replication protein
atgggcgagaaaaaaaaggtcgaaaaaggtcgaatttgggcgtgtgtcgtctacaaggaaagttgttcagaagattggcttgccaaggttgaaagcctgcatataccttgttatatttctccgttacatgataaggacgggaaaaaggagcattggcattgtatgtttttattccaaggacagaaaacgagggatatagttaaagacttgtttacttcgttttcaggcgttggtgctatattggtacaccacaagcaagcctatttatcttatttgtgccatttggcaagtgaggacaaagtgaagtatgacaaggctgatgtaatagccttgagtggtgctatgccctacgaacaagcattggatgatgtggctctaagtcattatgatatcgttgctgaaatgatagattggtgtagctacaacacaacctacttctgcgatttggtggactatgcaagggtgtgtcggcgtgattggttcaaggttttatgcgataggaacagtcacttgctttgggagtacatcaaaagtaaggcgtggcagaaaagccaagaagaatgtcaagggcgtattccgtag
>gene_55101|replication protein
aaaacaagaggagcggggagaactcgttcttggacttttttgatttatcctgagagtgctccaaaaaattggcgtagtgttctcgatgaattacatattcagtgggttgaaagtccactacatgaccaagatataaatgacactggcgaacgcaaaaaaccacattatcacatattactagcgttcgacagtgtcaaggcatttgaccaagttgaagaaataacaaaaagcttaaattctcccataccgcaaaaatgcaatagtgttcgtggtatggttagatatatggcacatttggataatcctgaaaaagtgcaatatagcacttcggatataatccctcatggtggatttgatgttgtcgaagccttaaaaattacggctacagaaaaacacgttatcattgctgaaatgatggactttgttgatgataatgacgttagggaatattatcaattattgcagtatgcacgaaaaaatcagcccgagtggtttagtgtgctttgtgatagtgcttcgtatgtaatgggtcaatatattaaatcttatagacatcatcgctcattgtaa
>gene_57833|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgccaagaattagtcagtcagtagaaacatcaattatgaatgaatatggtgaaatggtcagtaaaaaggcgaatagagtgctttcctggggtgatgagcctagttacataaaactttatttgcaggacgttatgtacctttctgacattccaaaacaatatgctgcattaacattctctttgcttaaaagagtatcctatgcaggtgatgaagaaggtatgtgtgtagttttagccccaagaataaagcagactatctgtaaagaaatgggttggaaaagagtatcttccttcgataatgctatacaaaaacttcttgccggaaaaatcttgtatagaatagaccgtagtatttatcagtttaacccttatttgtttggtaaaggtgattggcaagacgttagtgccttaagattaaatattgaatacgatgatattaagggacgtactttctctgttaacgtagaacacgcagaaacagagaagaagagagttgcagaacagcacgaagaaacagaaagaagaatagcagaacaccatattgagaatggtgaacagttagagttagagtgtgtttcctaa
>gene_19677|Firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgagtaaaaataaaactaaaacaacaaaaaaagtaaaagttcaaggtaagcaggattaccttaatatgactacaggtgaagtcgaaacatttgacgttaccagaatcgaagaaagagatttcaattttcataaagtgtggatgagaaactttatctccactttagatattgtaggaaacaaaaaaactaaactgtgtatgtggattatcgacaatatcaataaggaaaatcagcttataggaaccttgagaagtattgcaaaagattcaaatacatccctggaaaccgtacgcattactttaaatttactcatggacgctgatttccttcgccgtgtccaatcgggcgtttatatagtaaatccaaacataattttcaaaggaacgaaaaatgccagaataggcattctaaatcaatatagtacgtcagaatatgtagaaatctcagatcaggaaaaacttgaaaacttactccaatccattgaatcgcttcaaaaaaaggcagatttacttaaaagtaaaataaatgaaaaggaaaaaagcaatgaagcaagttcaactcccttacaatgtgtttcttga
>gene_4714|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgttaatacaaaataacatcaaggagggcaaaacgatgtcagacaagacaaatttcgagtacattcagaacacgcaaacccttgtaggctctaagaagagagaacttgtcgaccgggaaaccggggaaacaattcttgtagaccagattacaaaaagagtatacggctcaaaaaacttctggaaatgctatctgatggattttctcacagtgttgggtattattgattctaagcagttagacgtatttatttacatagcagaaaac
>gene_52243|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgttaatgcaaaataacatcaaggagggcaaaacgatgtcagacaagacaaattttgagtacattcagaacacgcaaacccttgtaggctctaaaaagagagagcttgtcgaccgggaaaccggggaaacaattcttgtagaccagattacgaaaagagtgtacggctcgaaaaacttctggaaatgctatctgatggattttctcacagtgttgggtattattgattctaagcaattagacgtatttatttacatagcagaaaacactaatcagaccaacaacctcttcatcggaacttacgacaaaatcggcaaggacgttggtgtatgtcggcagactattgcgacaattatgaagaagctgcaggagcagaatttcatcaaaaaggttcagcagggtgtatggctcgttaatccaaacattcttatgaaaggcaatgatggcaagcgtcagatgcttcttagttactacgaaagcgaccaacctatcaacgagttgacgttttcccggacaaagagagagcgcatcaaagaagacggaattccagggcagatgagtatcgaggatatggaaaactaa
>gene_53336|Replication protein
atggggatgatccgaggtcactggttgaccgagtggcaacgccggggagtcccacatctccacgccgcgatatggcttcccgcagattcccccaccgacgccgccttcctccgcagggccatcgtcgaccactggtgcgccgtctccgccgcctacggctcagggcctcggggccagcatgtggcgcacattgaggactccgtgggttggttccagtacctgtcaaaacacgccgtccggggcctcggccattaccagcggagcaacgagaacatgcccgccggctggaagctgaccggccgcatgtggggccatcttggggagtgggagaccggagcgcccgttaagtattttctagacaaccccggcttctggaccttccggcgcatggtgcagcggtggcgtctggccgacgctagagcctcaggagacccgcacaggctacgagccgcccgcaggatgctccagagcaacgatcagccctcaggaagctgccggggcgtttctgagtggatctcgcaggatatgagcgccgcgatggtcgcctgcgtggcctcgatgggtcatccggtccgaacctga
>gene_44225|Plasmid replication protein
atgaaagatagagaacaaagatatagaaactatgttgctattggatacccggagagtttattgccaaattggttggaaacattacaagacacacatatacaattttgtattagtccattacatgatagagatgttaaccccgatggagaaatcaagaaagctcattatcacatcttgttgatgtatgaagctccacacacttataatcaagctcaagagatttttaactcaataggtgcgactaaatgcgaggtagtcaaatctttaagaggtcaagctagatatctatgtcatttagataatcttgaaaaagaacaatataacattagtgatgtcaaatgtcttaatggtgttgactacatttctctgatagagttgccttctgataatagacaagctctaaaagaaatgtttgaatttattgaccaaaacaatatcacgagtttctatcaactagtaaattatgcgataaatactaatgaaaattggtttcgtgtattatcagagagttataccattgtactaactgaatacatcaagtcaagacattggcaattagaacaagacaagttgtctagataa
>gene_14439|Plasmid replication protein
atggagaaacaaaagaaaacaactaaaaaggtacgcgtcattggtacgcaacaaatgattgatttggatggtgtagttcacgaaatgcaagtgacatctatcgaagatagagattttaatttccataaagtctggatgcagagtttcatatccactttggatatggttggcaatcagaaaactagattggctttatggattattgataatcttaataaagacaatcagttaattatgacatatagacagattgccaatgcgacaggtatttcacttgaaacagttcgtgtaactatgaatattctgattgaagctgactttttaagaaaaatcaatcaaggtgcttacatggttaatcctgatattctttataagggttcaaggaatggtagacttaacattctgaacacgtataaagatgctgaccgcatcgacgaagtatcgaaagaggaaactcttgcaaatctttgcaagacgattgagaaacttcaagagagggcaaacaaattgatgcaagaagttgaggcggaacgaaaggcacgcatcgacgatgcagcattagaaaaaattggagcataa
>gene_51877|Plasmid replication protein
atggagaaacaaaagaaaacaactaaaaaggtacgcgtcattggtacgcaacaaatgattgatttggatggtgtagttcacgaaatgcaagtgacatctatcgaagatagagattttaatttccataaagtctggatgcagagtttcatatccactttggatatggttggcaatcagaaaactagattggctttatggattattgataatcttaataaagacaatcagttaattatgacatatagacagattgccaatgcgacaggtatttcacttgaaacagttcgtgtaactatgaatattctgattgaagctgactttttaagaaaaatcaatcaaggtgcttacatggttaatcctgatattctttataagggttcaaggaatggtagacttaacattctgaacacgtataaagatgctgaccgcatcgacgaagtatcgaaagaggaaactcttgcaaatctttgcaagacgattgagaaacttcaagagagggcaaacaaattgatgcaagaagttgaggcggaacgaaaggcacgcatcgacgatgcagcattagaaaaaattggagcataa
>gene_30790|Plasmid replication protein
atggagaaacaaaagaaaacaactaaaaaggtacgcgtcgttggtatgcaacaaatgattgatttggatggtgtcgttcacgaaatgcaagtgacatctatcgaagatagagattttaatttccataaagtctggatgcagagtttcatatccactttggatatggttggcaatcagaaaactagattggctttatggattattgataatcttaataaagacaatcagttaattatgacatatagacagattgccaatgcgacaggtatttcacttgaaacagttcgtgtaactatgaacattctgattgaagctgactttttaagaaaaatcaatcaaggtgcttacatggtcaatcctgatattctttataagggttcaaggaatggtagacttaacattctgaacacgtataaagatgctgaccgtatcgacgaagtatcgaaagaggaaactcttgcaaatctttgcaagacgattgagaaacttcaagagagggcaaacaaattgatgcaagaagttgaggcggaacgaaaggcacgcatcgacgatgcagcattagaaaaaattggagcataa
>gene_42573|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_34770|Plasmid replication protein
tttttaatgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_42409|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_45776|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_37225|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_58148|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_36108|Replication protein RepB
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgta
>gene_34397|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgagg
>gene_33826|RepB
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcg
>gene_32704|RepB
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatt
>gene_49312|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaaaaaaagtctaaaattcgcaattttgcttttattttgtatcctgaaagttgcgagaatgattggaaatcgaaaatttccgaatcgggaatcccttattactgggtttatcatgacaaggatacaaaaaagcctcattatcacgtgttattttgcgcgttgaatgcgatttctgaacgaacagcttcgcgcattgctattacacttggtgcagctaatgatgtttttcagcctgttgttagccgtattggctatttaagatatcttattcatcgagataatcctgataagtatcaatacgatgttgtcgacgtacatactggttgtggcgctagttatgatgaagctacaatattgtccgaatctgaagctaaaaataatgtctatagcactatgcgcgatatgattgattatattgattctaatgacgttgaattgtattgtgattttgcacgttattgtttgtcattcaaacgctcttggtttgatatccttatttcgcctcaagggcgtgttatagataaatatattaagtcactctattgggcgaggcaacaaggtttaaaatag
>gene_41644|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgactactcaagaatatctttcaaacatgatggaagatatggaactgcgcggactcagtgaaagaactatgaaagtttacacaggtgccgtatcgctgttcttaaaatactgcgataaggagaattgtgaaatcggcgaagattcatttcgccaatacattctcacttgtttccgcagtggaaatgtttccaaaacaacctgcaatctgtataacagcgctatccgttttttcttggaggttactctcggtcaaaacattaactattcccgtacctgccgtttcagaagagaatatcactatcccgaagtatttacagcagaagaaattgctcagttcttttccgttattgatgatgtaaaattccgtgcaatttttcttaacatctacggttccggtttacgtgcttctgaaatcggaaaactgcgtgttgccgatgttgacagcaaaaatatgcggttgctgattcaacaaggaaaaggtaaaaaagaccgatataccatcctttcaagtgcagggcttgttgctcttcgtgagtattggaaaatgtatcgacctgtgagtgaacagggattt
>gene_15807|Plasmid replication protein
atgctaaaattgaaaacttgtgaagttatgcaatattttgaatatcttgatactgatgatgtcaatattattcttgaacgtataaagactttgacatatttaaaatcttttgcttttattgttcatgataaagatattagagatgacggagagcctaaagctaaacattttcattgtgttttaacttttaaagacactactacttctactgctattgcaaaggctttgcatattgaggaacagtatattaataagatacgaactactacaaaatctgctgaactttatttaatacacaaaaataatcctgaaaaatatcaatataatccaaatgaagttattgctagttttgattatgttgaaaaatatgatggtatagaacctatgcaacgtcgtgaggagattgcaacaaaaattgatagtggtattattagggcttacaatttgtctgattatattggtgtcaatgaatatgctaaaaataaaatatacttcgataggtgttttgaattccgtcaaaataaattaaaaggatgtgacagggaaatggaatgtgtatttattacaggtgctagt
>gene_55822|Replication protein repB
atgccgaaagaacaacgtaaacgcaactgggcttttgtcgtttaccccgatagtgcgccccaggattggcgcgagcagttgcggggtatgctcgttcctggattcataagcccgttgcatgacagcgacgtgaacgcggacggggagccgaagaaaccgcactggcacgtcatgttgactttcaaggggttgaagtcatacgaccaggtgaaggaaatcacggacgcgctgaacgccccagcaccccaggagtgcaaggacacgagggcgtatgcccgttacctcatccatgccgacaatcccgagaaagcacagtaccaagtcggcgaggtcgaatcactgggcggcgcggactatctagaaaagattaagtgcgctgccgacacggacacggctattggcgagatgatggattggtgcatcgagcaaggttgtttctcgttctaccgattgagcaactacgcaaggagcaaccgccccgattggttccgcgtgattacttcgagcagaaccgtctttctggttgcatggttgaagtcgatgcaatgggaagtcaaccaaggaaaccccatcgattag
>gene_30029|Replication protein repB
atgccgaaagaacaacgtaaacgcaactgggcttttgtcgtttaccccgatagtgcgccccaggattggcgcgagcagttgcggggtatgctcgttcctggattcataagcccgttgcatgacagcgacgtgaacgcggacggggagccgaagaaaccgcactggcacgtcatgttgactttcaaggggttgaagtcatacgaccaggtgaaggaaatcacggacgcgctgaacgccccagcaccccaggagtgcaaggacacgagggcgtatgcccgttacctcatccatgccgacaatcccgagaaagcacagtaccaagtcggcgaggtcgaatcactgggcggcgcggactatctagaaaagattaagtgcgctgccgacacggacacggctattggcgagatgatggattggtgcatcgagcaaggttgtttctcgttctaccgattgagcaactacgcaaggagcaaccgccccgattggttccgcgtgattacttcgagcagaaccgtctttctggttgcatggttgaagtcgatgcaatgggaagtcaaccaaggaaaccccatcgattag
>gene_3351|Replication domain protein
atgtacgaaaccattataccaaagacttgcggctttgtcaatagcaaaatcgcaaaagatgccggcgcggatatcgcgctgccggtatctgtcgagatcccggatgacaagaaacgcccggcaaacaaccgcatagcagcctgggaaacccacaaggctgcaagcgcaaagaccgccgctaaaatgctgtcggttcattaccgatacaaacggtgggcaaagcatgcccaggcgtccggaaatgatgcccaagcctgggaatatcttcaagtgtcaaataagttctttgagagggggcaacgcatgtacaactgcgcaaacttcattctccacggaaggtgcccggactgcgggcgcacgcacacaagcagcgctatgctctgccgggatcgagtgtgcccaacatgcaactggcgtctttcgctgcagcaggcatgcgaaatgcagcaggcgcttgcatacataaccgatcttgaccaatacaaggctgcttttgtgactcttacgctgcgcaactgcgctgtggaagatctcaaaggaaccctggagctcatggctgccgggtggaaccgcatg
>gene_7769|Replication protein Rep
atggtagaacaaaaaaacacaaaatcgcgtagttggtcggctattgtttatcctgaatctgcgcctaataattggcgtgaatttttggatagtgagcatataaggtgggttgaatctccattgcatgataaagacataaaccctggtacaggggaaataaaaaaggctcattggcatattttaatgctatttgatggaccaactacttttaaaaatgtttcaagtttagttgaaaaaataaatactccaattcctaaaaaagtcgctagtgctagggggttggttcgctatatgattcatatggataaccctgaaaaatatcaatatgatcgttctgatattgttggtcatggtggtgttaatgtggaagaattctttgaattaactgctacaagtcgacttcaggtgttaaaagatatttctctttatgttcgtgataatcaagtaacttcttttgatagtttagtcttttatgctattgaaaataatgatgactggtttgatgttattgcaaatcataatacgttgtttttgaataagttaattgattcgatttggttgaaaaagaaagataaataa
>gene_33595|Replication protein
atgtcggacttgattgcctacaagtcgaatgctttggttgaggccagctacaagttgaccctacaggaacaacgttttctgttgctgtgtatcagtcgattgaaatctggtgctgatgctgaattgcaaaagacaatgaccattaccgctgcggaatattttgattcattccctgacatggggcggaaaaatgccgaggttcagttacaggaagcgatcgatcgtttatgggacaggtcgatcattctcaagaatgacgagaagcgtgaggagttccgctggatccagtatcgggcacagtacgctaaaggtgaggccaaggctcgaataaccttttctgacgcggtaatgccttatctgacg
>gene_32882|Site-specific recombinase XerD
gtgaactccaaattgacctcgggaaggctcgacggcaagccgggcggactttctacggtatctgtgcaaaagcacctttacataatcaagcagtcactcaatgacgctgttctgtatggatacctgaccgtgaatcccgctcttccggttagaactcccagacgaaagaccacacagacgagacgctgtgtcttccttgaagctgagcaagccgcgaaagtggtgaacgctctgagcaatgatcacgcgattcaaactgccgtcctcgtgacgcttctatacggtctccgacgttctgaaatcctcgggcttcgatggtcaagcattgacttcgatctgaacaggatgacaattgagcatacggttgtgaagagcctgacggtacaggcggttgatgacacgaagacgccgggcagtcatgcgacctttgaattactccctgaagccagagcttcgttactccggcagagagaggagacagcagagaatcacagtgactatgtgttcagcagggctgacggttcagtcatgcgtccggactgcctgacgaggagctttcaacgcgctcttaaacga
>gene_50197|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgttattggaggttaacatggcacggacgaatttatcgtatcagcagaacacgcaaacattgataggcgagcgtaagcgcaacctgcaggatcttgacactggcgaggtgatacaggttgatcagattgttaagagaatctacgggacgaaacaattctggaaagtgtacttgatggattttctgagcgttctgggcattatagacagcaggcagctcgacgtctttatctatatcgcggaaaacacagatccgggcaacaatctgtttatcggcacatatgacaaaatcggcaaagagacaggagtgtctaggcaaacaatcagccggatcatgcgcaaactgcaagataaaaacttcatcgtaaaggtccagcagggcgtctgggcggttaatccaaacattctcatgaaaggcaacgatcacaaacggcagattttgctcagttactacgaaaatactattcctgagactagcgttgaaatcagtcgcggtcaacgtcctgcactcgatgagattcctggccagcttagcattaactttagatcaggcgaaattgaggaggatactagcaaatga
>gene_5410|Replication protein
aaaggtaaaatcggtcattggtgggagatgattctgtatccggagtctgccccagctgattggcgggacagattagacaagcttcatgtggagtatgttgtttcacccctgcatgaccatgatgagaatgcggacggaacgccaaagaaaccgcattatcatatcattattcactttgaggagagctcagggcgtaatggttggatgttcaaagatgtaaagagggttatcaccgaaccgcttaatcaaccggaaccggagtgcattattaacctgccggcagctgcacgatatttaacgcatagggataatccggaaaagttccaatatcgtacggaagatattgaggaacataacggattgaccttgcgacagttggagaagttttccgcagagtatgacgatgttataaccaaacagataatgcagtatatcaaagataatcgtgtaaaagactatgctactttgatgtacggtcttgcttcattcgatgatgaattgtttagttttgcccgcaggcatacgatattttttgcaacgattacaaagtcgttgttctttgcaaatagaaagtaa
>gene_7345|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggctagaaaaaaggacgttgatctatacgagaagaacccgttcataacgcagatttcaggattgaaaacccgcgccaaaagggtgaccgccaaaggcggaaaagccatcatcgacacgaccacaggcgaggtcgaagatgtagcggaaattgtgtcggtgcatcgcgtcgataacgagcagttcgtcaagattttcacttcaaacctgaagcaatttttcaacctgaagcccacgacctatcgaatggtgcaggtgctgttgcatcagttaggtcgggcgcgcgaccgcgatacggtttatctcaacgtcagcgtggcggaacagtatttcatctctaccgatcagaacccgatttcaaaagcatcctattacaacgccatgcgcgaactcatccaaaaagggttcatcgcagagagcaccaacccgaacctctattggataaatcccgcgctgtttttcaacggcgaccgcgttcggtttgtgaaggaataccgcaacaccgattggcgacaacagcaactcgacctggctgaccaggctgtgcagatcccgcattttcagactgacgactaa
>gene_53245|Replication protein
tggataaccggctatgcccggagcatagaggttacgaagggtaagaaagggacatatcacccgcatatgcatatcttcataatctggcgggatggataccaaaagaatataagccagagggagttatgtaacctgtggaaggaatcgctcagagtagattatatccccgtatgtgatatccgggcggcgtattcttcagatagcgctctggatccacagagccaagaatggaacggccttatcaaagcggcaatcgaggcaacaaagtatgccttatccggcaaggttactctcggcatagataagccgaacgagttagccgccttggctttagccgtaaagaatagacggcttttggcctacggcggcattattgcagaagcaagaaaagagttaaagtttgctgatgatgatagccctgcagatgtgtccgagatgacaatagagtgccccaagtgcggcggaaatatcgttcagtttgcttttgagtggggaatcagcggttactgcatgggtctgatgccaacggtgccaacagagtaccctgtcatagattcagtatactacaccgaatag
>gene_3855|Replication protein B
atgggcatgactatcaaagagctcgcagcagaattaggggtaagcaaggaagcagtccgtaaacatgtcgcaaaactcccatctgatcatgtatcacatggaaagcgcggggtaatatcacttactgacgacgctgttgctatcattcgtcaacagattgctacatacatatcgccaaccaccaacaacgaaccaccaaccaccaacaacgaaccaccaactgacgccggtgaaaatgcctgtggattgaacggcgatcaactttctaaaacgataaccgacaacctgatgctgcgaaccgccaacaacaaactgacaaccgacaaccaacgactgcaaactgaactgcaaaccgccaatgacaaaatacagctgttatcggataatttgcaggacttacgcgaacaattaaagcaaaaaaatgcggaattggaagccaaaaacaaacagatatctgacttactccaagctctacaagctgaacagatacttcatggacagatgctacaactggaaccacctaaacggaagtggtatgaagtgttcaaaagcaaaaaaggatctgagcagaagtaa
>gene_50238|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer
gcggttattccggacaatgacagttcctttaacttcatcgtcggtatgctctacacccagttgttccaacagctttactaccaagctggttgcacctttacctggactggttttacaaacttctggttcaactacaacaatcccggtggcaaggcatccacctatccccgtattgttcgtaacgaagcaggtggcagcaaagcaatcgaggacttcctggcccgtattattcttggcaatgactacggtgcatgggataagctagatgtagctgccggtgatactgtggcaaccgattcctctctgttcgcagatgtgctgaagtatttgggcgcaagcgatcttgccatccagaactacttggattcctactatggtaagctgagtgttacccaggatggcgatgtgctgattcccaccatcatttggtcttatgtcgcagcagagaaccttggtggtacgagccgcatttacaccattggtgatgtggcatccaacggcactgcaaacaagagttggctgagtaccgcttatacttctcgtgacagctgcaacagcgattttttgtgtatttga
>gene_43198|plasmid replication protein
atgtcaaatgataatgtcaagaaaagaaactggacttttctcgtatatcccgactctgctcctgctgattggctcgaaattctttctcagaccggtctaatttgcgctgtatcgcctcttcacgataaagatgtcaatccggacggtgaagttaaaaagcctcactatcacgttatagcgtgttatagcgggccgacttctttttctgttgttaatcgtctttgctctgttttgcattctcctattcctaaacctcttgagcaggtgcgtggaatgtatcgttatttcacgcatttggataatccggagaaatttcagtattcatcctccgatattgttttcgttaacggttttgatatttccgattttgttgaacgctctcattcggaaattacggctttgaagtcctctattatggatcgtatccggaaagatgatattcttgagtattcggatcttattgacaccttgattgacggtggtctttccgatgagttggatattgcttctactcatacgcttttctttgaccgttatatttccagccgtcgaaataagcgaaaggagggattttaa
>gene_57516|Replication protein
atggataatcaatacaaagacactaatttagaatacatatcacagactcagactttagtaggtagcaaaaagaaaaggcttgtcgatttagatactggagaagaaatctatgtagaccaagtcactaaaagagtctacggaacaaaaaattttataaaggtttatcttgcagatttacttcagatgttaggtttacttgaaagtaaacctcttgatgtcttatgctacattatagaaaatactaatacttccaataatatctttattggaacctataagcaaattgctaaagatacaggcaccagtgaacctactattgcaaaggttatgaagaaattacaagagggtaagtatattaagaaagtccaaaatggagtatattttataagtccctctgttatggttaaaggtaatgattttaagcagagaaacctcataattcagtatgaggaagaaaaacctattgaagcaataaacaagccaaaaaagggcattaaaaggcaagagaaaccgcttttaagtgaagggatagaaaatacacctgataatgaagaaaacaacacagaggcaaaataa
>gene_30084|Replication protein
atggataatcaatacaaagacactaatttagaatacatatcacagactcagactttagtaggtagcaaaaagaaaaggcttgtcgatttagatactggagaagaaatctatgtagaccaagtcactaaaagagtctacggaacaaaaaattttataaaggtttatcttgcagatttacttcagatgttaggtttacttgaaagtaaacctcttgatgtcttatgctacattatagaaaatactaatacttccaataatatctttattggaacctataagcaaattgctaaagatacaggcaccagtgaacctactattgcaaaggttatgaagaaattacaagagggtaagtatattaagaaagtccaaaatggagtatattttataagtccctctgttatggttaaaggtaatgattttaagcagagaaacctcataattcagtatgaggaagaaaaacctattgaagcaataaacaagccaaaaaagggcattaaaaggcaagagaaaccgcttttaagtgaagggatagaaaatacacctgataatgaagaaaacaacacagaggcaaaataa
>gene_2978|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
gttctaggaattattgatagtaaacagttagatattttcatttacatagctgaaaatacaaatcaatctacaaatatttttatgggtacatataaaaaaattgctaaagacgtaaattgttcagaaacaacgatagctaaaattatgaaaaagcttcaaacaaatggttttattaaaaaaattcaaaatggagcttggcttgttaatcctaacatcatgatgaaaggcaacgacagaaaacgacagatattattaagctattacgaaagtgatgaacccattgaagaaatgacattttcaagaactaaaagacaagaaatacaggaaaaacagataggggattttacaaatgggcaaattgaacagagagaaacaagtacagatacctacaacgactttatttag
>gene_13978|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgtcgattaaatttcaaggtaacaagaaactatatgacgaaaacggtaacgagattgatgttaaggtacagagtgtccaaggttcagacaaaggtttcactaaagtttggctaactgatttcatggctaagctcgaactgattggcaatcagaagcttaaagttgcgttctggataattgaccacatagatagaaatactaattacttgaactatagcttgagacagattgccagtgagtcaggcataggtttatctacggttcgagatactatgaaagcattacaggaatcagatttcatacgtagagtaaacaaagtatacatgataaatccagatgtactttacaaaaattattctgcgcacgctagagttggaatattgactgaatatgttactggtcaagaccaacgtgaattgtctcctcaagaacagttggataacatttcgagagtaatgcgtatatatggtcagaaacgtaagtatctggaagcagagcttgaagcattgaagaaacaggagcaagaaaaaattgcatcaatgaaacttgattattctgatagtgactctgattaa
>gene_49301|Chromosome partition protein Smc
gtaaaagaatttgagagaagattagattataacgaaacgattattccagagttaaaagaaaagccaaaagcatttggacaagatatagaaaatgaaatgcgagtgaatagaaatgattatttactttttcaaaatcagttaagagaatttgaaagcataataaaatctaaaaaagcagagaatgaaaaagaaaaagaaaaacaactaaaagaaatttttgcagaaagagaaaaaacagatttttataaaaactatgcgaactgtgaaaacaaaataaaagaacttgatacaaattataaaagcataatatcagataaagataatcagatagacaagttatctaatatcaattatcaattaaaagataaagtaaataaccttgataatctaattgaaaatgctacacaaccattaaatgataaaataaaaaaactaaccgaaaataataaatggctaaataaattgatatataacttggaacaattcgttttaggtaggtcagattttactcaaaagcaacttgattatgtagaagaacacggctcactacctaaatcaaatgattacacaagataa
>gene_5797|replication protein RepB
atgtcaaaaaagaaagacagcatcaaggacgaacaaaacaacaacagtatcaccaccaaggcgcgacactgggtcgccatcggctggctggagaacatgcgcccggattggcaggacgttatcggtggcctgctccagtacccgtattgttacgttgtccatgacaaggacgtggacagcgaggggaagccccggaaccggcatgtgcacattatggtctcgtacgggaacacgacgacgtataaatcagcactcgccctgttccggcagttgaatgcgcccggcagagaggcctttaatactgcgtttaaggtcaataacgtaaggcacatgtacgagtaccttatccataacacggacgatgccaaaaagaagaaaaaacaccgctacgacgcgtccgagcgggtctgcggcaacaacttcgacattggcctgctggaacagattagccaggcagacaaggatcgcattgtaaacgagctggaggatcttatcctggacaattacattcgtacgtaccgccagttcctgctgtacgtcaagaacaactacgacagcgaataccgtaaagtc
>gene_53311|replication protein RepB
atgtcgaaagacggacgtgcaagaatttggacttgggttggttatcccgaatccttaccgagtgattttagaaacacactaaatgaagagcatattaagtgggtgctttctcctcttcatcagtatgatactgatgagaacggggaagtaaaaaaggctcactatcactttgttgctatttttgaatcctcacattctttctcccaagtagaagagattaccaagaagattcatgccactattccgcagaaggtaaatagcgttagaggtgcaatccgctacctgatacatcttgatgatcaggataagtttcagtatagccgtgatgaaatcgaggtgtacggtggtgcggatatttcggaatacttcaaacct
>gene_45868|Replication protein
atggttaaagctcgaatttttaatattatgcaatataagtatcaccctgaaacgggaatgttgcttttagatgaggacactataaaagcaatgtgtaagaaaaagggaattaagctttttgcatatatacttcacgataaggatgtttatagtgaagcagatgaggaagctgatccaaatcatatagccggaactccaaaaccaccacattggcatattgttattcaatgtggttatcaagttgaaattggagttatcgcaaaatggttaggtatagcagaaaattttgttgatattccaaaaggtaatggagcaggaaaatttttagattgcgttgaatatttaacccatgagagtgttagacagcaggagcttggaaaacatcgttatgatgataatgaggttatttccaattttgattggagagaaaagctcaataaacgaaatgaaaataaaatcaaatatggtcgtgatttaaatgaaaaagaccaacttcgttttgatgttttgtatagtggaaaaacattaaaaatgtgtatgaatgaagctccacttttgtatatggaagatatttcatatttgcaaaaactccgtctccaatacattgttaatcaaaagccaccaaaaacacgaataaactattatttgtgtggaaaaggtggagcaggaaagggcttattaagcagagctttagctcgctcaatgtatccacaatatgatgatgatgaggacatattctttgaagttggagcaaagggtgctccttttgagggatatgatggacaacccgtcatcatctggaatgatagaagagcgatagacttgcttcaagagttgggtggtagagggaatgtttttaatatttttgatacgcatccaacaaagcagagacagaatgtgaagttctcttcaatcaatctttgcaatgtggttaatattgttaatagtgttcaagatttccatgagtttttagatggacttgcaggtggttatacagatagaaatggtgaggagcatgcagcagaagataaaggacagtcatataggcgttttcctgtaataataccaatacacgcagaggactttgatttgctccttaataagggctttatgaatgatactgaagactttgaggattatattgagcataagcatcttataggcaatcttcaaaagatacacacaatatgtggagcaaatgaagcccttgctcgtgaaatcgaagccaagacagttaagcctgtgattgatgagcatcatcgcgttatggaaaagttcgctcatgagacaacagatgaagatgctataagggctatgtttgctgactatggaacggagaaa
>gene_55021|Putative replication protien
atgacagacgtggattggaaagcgttatatgtggagaaagaaaagcacctggatacgttcctggagaaggtgacgccgttggagttctaccgggacttgtggcctgtgggtaccttcgagcgtgaggggcatccggaagatggtaagcctaacggcttggctttgcagatagagggaaaaggaaaggcgcgccacattgttctgaccgacggcttggagcagttggaggatgccctgcgtgggagttttgttattacctctcctgtgtcatattacggtcggcgccgtaccggcaagaacgcacgatgggcgtatgccatgacgtttgaccttgatggagttgaaatgccgcagcttcgtgacgttctgcatcaggctgactacggatacatcccgaagccgacctacgtagttaactctggtcggggcttgcacctgtattacgtgttcaagaatccggcaccgatgatgccgaacgttcaagcaggattgaaggagctgaagtattccttgacgcgggtcatttggaaccgattcacgtccaccagaaaggatattgaggtgcagggcatcctgcagggattccgaatggttggaagccctacgaagctcggtcgggaatatccggtcaccgcataccgctttggtgaccgtgtaacgtacgatgagctgcacgcatttgttccgaaggctacgggagaatacaagagggttttggatgctttcgacaacaaaacgacgctggaagaagcaaagaagaagtacccggagtggtaccagcgccgagtggtcgaaggaaagccgaggggcaaatggacggtgaaacgtgatttgtatgattggtggctgaaccgcatccgcaatgagataacggtcggacaccggttttttggctgtatgaccttggccgtctatgctgttaagtgcggcatatcagaagaagaactgcgggaggatgcttactcactcctggagggctacgatgcgatgtccattgaagataacaaccgttttacagaagatgacgtggaggccgccatcggaatctacaacgacagctactccacgttcccgagggacgatattggcaaggtgaccggtctgaagatgccggtcaataagaggaacggaagaaagcaaggcttacatttgaaaattgcgcgctccacgcgagacattctacatccagacaattcttggatggggaatggtcgcccgaagggttccggtacagcgcaggcaaaggtacgggagtaccgcggcaagcacccagagggcacgaaggctgattgccggagggcaaccggactcgacccgaaaaccattcgcaagtggtgggattga
>gene_52520|Conjugal transfer protein traG
atgctttatctgggcggaatgatgagccaggtgctcagcaactactcagtctggatgaataacggcggacttaccggacaggcgatgatgaaaccggtaaatatgaatccactggtatgcatacctctggcattcacagcgaacggactcaaagccattgtcggtatgatacttatcggcggggctatttttattgtctataagctttacaatcggtttgacggaaagcatcaggatcccagaggtttcactaagagtgacagcggtatctacggaactgcttcctggatggatgaaaaagagatgcacgaggtactcgaagtctcatccattggacaggtggaaggtactatccttggtgagtacaaaggaaaagccgtgtgtatgccaaaagacaccagactgaaccgacacatcgctatcttcggtgcttccggtaccatgaaatcacgcgctattatccggaacgcgttattccagattataagacgtggtgagtctgctattttgaccgacagcaaatctgagatgtatgtacaacacgcgcagcgccacaatgaaatggtctggtaa
>gene_54646|Replication protein
atgtacaagcattataccacaccccttgataaatgtcaagaggttaccgaaaattcatctatcgaaattttaaccgacaaaaccgccaaaggcaaagaacgaccttggagggagaagaagatggcgaacacgctgctttccatggcttacgaggatatcaacgagcgcaaggccgagcgactgcgcgactgcggtaactacttgagctttgccgtgctggccgacggaaataagaagctcaagcatatgagcagctgccgcgtgcggctctgccctctatgtgcatggcgacggtcgctgaaggtgcacgcgcacacggtgcagatcctcgacgctatggacggcgagtatgcttttatcttcctgaccctgaccgttcggaactgcgaggcggacgagctgtcgggcaccattgacgagctcatggcgggttggcagcggctcatgcagcgcaaagatgtcaaaaccgcggtcaagggttggtaccgtgggcttgaggtgacacacaacgtagaccataagagcaagaactacggtacctatcatccccacttccacacgctcttatgc
>gene_41903|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgagtagaaagcagaaaatggaactcgaatacgtcagccagactcagacgttgataggaacgaaaaagcgaagtcttgtcgacacagagacgggcgagaagatttttgtcgaccagattacaaagcgtgtgtatggcacgaaaagattctggaaagtgtatctgatggacttcctcatggtgcttggcattatcgacagcaagcaggttgatatttttatttatatagtggagaataccgacccagcgcgcaacatctttatcggtacttataagcacattgcgaaagagcttcaagtatccgagacgacaatagcgcgcatcatgaagaagctacaagcgaataactttatcaagcgcgtccaaaacggcgtttgggcggtcaatcctaacatcttgatgaaaggagacgacacgaagcgccaaatccttttgtcgtactacgactcagacgaacccattgacgagataagccacagcaggacaaaaagagcgtctatcgagagcgaccagctcccaggacagatgcagatagtagataccgatatgagggtagaggaggaagaggcatga
>gene_42568|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atggaaacgaataacaaaacagcacctataacaccggagaaagaccgcaacacggtatctctggacctcatgcaccgcatgaaactcaacggcatggcagcggcctttgaagagagcctgtcatccacctttgcagaaacaatgacaccagacagcttcctcagctggctcctcgcccgtgagtgggactaccgctctgcagctgcgatagagaggcttatccgtcaggcctccttccgttacaaggcctatcctgaagagatcgactacacaatcagtcgtgggctcgacaggaaccagatggaaaggctcatgtcacttgactttgtaagtcagaagaagaacctcttcatcaccggatcatccggaaccggaaagagcttcattgcaacagccatcggctatcaggcatgcaagtctggtatcagaacgatgtatgcaaatgcatccaagctgcttggttctctcaaagtggcgaaggccaagggcacaatagaggccgaactgaagaagatcgagcgttgcccgctgctaatcctcgacgacctcttcctcgtccctctggacgca
>gene_51645|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgaaggagtgtattatggcagacagaaatatggagtacatagcagacacacagacacttataggttctaaaaaaagagagttggtagatgttcaaacaggagagcagatatttgtagaccaaattacaaaaagagtttatggtactaaaaacttttggaagtgttatttaatggactttcttacagttttagggattatagacagtaaacagcttgacatatttatttttattgttgagaacacaaatcaaagcaataatacctttataggcacttataagcacatatcagaacaaactgggtgtagctctaggactattgcgaaaattatgaaaaaacttcaagaaaacaactttatcaagaaagtccaaaatggtgtatggcttgtaaatccaaacattttgatgaaaggtaatgacaataaaagacagatacttttgtcttattacgaaagtgaagaacctataaacgaaatcagcatgacgagaaccaagagaaccccacttccaaacccgaacataaaaggacagttggaaattgctgatactcaatgtaattttagagaggtgtaa
>gene_54602|Replication protein
atggctgctaaacgtacaagaaattttggtactgtagtttacccggagtctgctccggagggatggcttgaatggctcggtgagcagtgtataccatgtttcatatccccactacatgattctgatataaatccggatggagagcaaaagaaaccacactatcacgttctgctaatgtatgacggtgtaaagacgcaggagcaagtagaaccgatatttgaggcaatcggtggtgtaggatttgagatagtgcaaagtactcgtggatatgcccggtatttgtgccacctggataacccggagaagttccagtataatccggaagaagtaaaggcatacggtggggctgattatcatagcgttataggattagcaatagacaaatacaaggctgtatctgaaatgatggattatgtagatgagaacatgattacttccctggcacaactaatgaagtatgcaaggatggagagaatggactggttccgcacactctgcgatagttccagttatgtgttaagagagtacataaaatcaaattattgggaaatgaagaatgaggaggaagaataa
>gene_16710|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaaagagaataaatatcgtgctagagtgcatatgcttttattatatccagataatgaaagccatgctaatgctcttgagtatatcaagagtaattatgactatgcgtatattttacataatcgcgataatgatgaagacggggtcgtgaaaaaagaacattatcattgtgtagtgcgttttggtaatgctacttggaacactgctgtggctaaagaattgaacattgagccaaactatatacaacaagcacgaaacatagataatgcactaatgtatttgttgcattataatgataaagataagacgcaatatgattttaatgaagtacatggaacacttaaacaaagattagtacaggcgataaataacgccaataagaatgaaggtgaaaaagtggttgagttattagaagaaatccaaaagtctaatgaacctatttcggttagttcctttgccaaattttgcgcaatgaatggatactggagcgagtttcgtaggtctgcaagtatatttttaaaaattattgatgaacataatgaaaaagtaagaaatagaaataaagatagttaa
>gene_44833|Replication initiation protein A
atgttgggttattcacccgaacaaattaaaaaatcttttcagaaaattgagaaatcaaacgacacggtaaaccgctattctcagcacaaaaaactgtctgaaaaaatttcccaaacttatctcaaaacaaatctttacaacaaacaacaactttctgacgacatcagaagatgtggcaaaactcttgttatggcaagagaaaaggagaccggcaaaatgcaagtcatcgaagctcttttctgtcaaaaaagaatgtgttcgctttgtgctttccgcagaagtctgaagaattactcgaacatcaaaaccattgtttcagagccagagtataaaaatctgcaatggatttttataactttgacaataaaaaactgttctgcagaagacctcgaaagcacaatacacagacttttgaacgcatttagaaaaatgactgcaagtcaaaacacagctttcagaaaggctttcaaagggtggttcagagctttggaagttacctacaacgaagaaacaaaggagtatcacccacacttgcacattctcgcctgtgttgatgatgactatttcaga
>gene_48038|Replication protein
atgacaacaaatacagaagaaaggaggaaacaagagttgaattcagaatacaataaagatgctaacattaagtacataagcaagacaactaagtatactgatgagtctggaacacatgaaatgactgaaactgaagtgtacaagaaatactatggtggacctcatttctacagagtatggctgtctgacctgctttatcatttgaatttgataagcaattccagacaaatggacgtactgttttatatcctggataatgtaaacaatgacaatctgtttattggtaccaacagagccattgctgaagcaacccaggcaagtacaaaaacagttaacattatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttaatgacaataaagcaacgtggtgtttacatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggtgataacgttcgtaaacataggcttattgttgagtatgaaaatgttaagcagcagaaaaaagaaaaagatattgccgaaggacaaatctcttacactgaagacggtcggatggttgataccacaaccggtgaggtgttagagtaa
>gene_38028|Replication protein
atgacaacaaataaagaagaaaggagggaaagtaagatgaattcagaatacaataaagatgctaacattaagtatatcagtaagacaactaaatatactgatgaatctggtactcacgaaatgactgaaacagaggtttataaaaaatactatggtggacctcatttctacagagtatggctgtctgacctgctttatcacttgaatttgataagcaattcaagacagatggatgtactgttttatatccttgacaatgtaaatggtgataacctgtttataggtactaacagagctattgcagaggcaacacaggcaagtacaaaaacagtaaacatcatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttgatgacaataaagcagcgtggtgtttatatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggcgacaatgttcgcaaacacaggcttattgttgaatatgaaaatgttaagcagcaaaaagaaaaagatgttgccaaagggcaaatcgcttacacagaggacggacaaatggtagataccacaaccggcgaagtgttagaagctgaataa
>gene_18374|Replication protein
atgacaacaaataaagaagaaaggagggaaagtaagatgaattcagaatacaataaagatgctaacattaagtatatcagtaagacaactaaatatactgatgaatctggtactcacgaaatgactgaaacagaggtttataaaaaatactatggtggacctcatttctacagagtatggctgtctgacctgctttatcacttgaatttgataagcaattcaagacagatggatgtactgttttatatccttgacaatgtaaatggtgataacctgtttataggtactaacagagctattgcagaggcaacacaggcaagtacaaaaacagtaaacatcatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttgatgacaataaagcagcgtggtgtttatatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggcgacaatgttcgcaaacacaggcttattgttgaatatgaaaatgttaagcagcaaaaagaaaaagatgttgccaaagggcaaatcgcttacacagaggacggacaaatggtagataccacaaccggcgaagtgttagaagctgaataa
>gene_15387|Replication protein
atgacaacaaataaagaagaaaggagggaaagtaagatgaattcagaatacaataaagatgctaacattaagtatatcagtaagacaactaaatatactgatgaatctggtactcacgaaatgactgaaacagaggtttataaaaaatactatggtggacctcatttctacagagtatggctgtctgacctgctttatcacttgaatttgataagcaattcaagacagatggatgtactgttttatatccttgacaatgtaaatggtgataacctgtttataggtactaacagagctattgcagaggcaacacaggcaagtacaaaaacagtaaacatcatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttgatgacaataaagcagcgtggtgtttatatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggcgacaatgttcgcaaacacaggcttattgttgaatatgaaaatgttaagcagcaaaaagaaaaagatgttgccaaagggcaaatcgcttacacagaggacggacaaatggtagataccacaaccggcgaagtgttagaagctgaataa
>gene_54025|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggatgtactgttttatatccttgacaatgtaaatggtgataacctgtttataggtactaacagagctattgcagaggcaacacaggcaagtacaaaaacagtaaacatcatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttgatgacaataaagcagcgtggtgtttatatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggcgacaatgttcgcaaacacaggcttattgttgaatatgaaaatgttaagcagcaaaaagaaaaagatgttgccaaagggcaaatcgcttacacagaggacggacaaatggtagataccacaaccggcgaagtgttagaagctgaataa
>gene_48014|Replication protein
atgacaacaaataaagaagaaaggagggaaagtaagatgaattcagaatacaataaagatgctaacattaagtatatcagtaagacaactaaatatactgatgaatctggtactcacgaaatgactgaaacagaggtttataaaaaatactatggtggacctcatttctacagagtatggctgtctgacctgctttatcacttgaatttgataagcaattcaagacagatggatgtactgttttatatccttgacaatgtaaatggtgataacctgtttataggtactaacagagctattgcagaggcaacacaggcaagtacaaaaacagtaaacatcatcatcaagaaaatggttgaagctgacttgatgacaataaagcagcgtggtgtttatatggttaaaccaagccttctgatgaagggcgacaatgttcgcaaacacaggcttattgttgaatatgaaaatgttaagcagcaaaaagaaaaagatgttgccaaagggcaaatcgcttacacagaggacggacaaatggtagataccacaaccggcgaagtgttagaagctgaataa
>gene_49236|Replication protein
atggcagaatatgacaaaagcttagaatacataagcaatacccaaactttaatcggagaacaaaagaaacgttacatagatgctgatactggcgaagttatcgttgtagaccaaatttccaagcgtacatacggcaccaaaaacttttggaagtgttatctaatggactttctgacagttttaggcattatcgacagcaaacagttagacgtttttatctatattgctgaaaatacccaacaggctaacaatatgtttatcggaacgtatgcaaaaatagccaaagatgttggtgtttgcagacaaaccatagcaaccattatgaaaaaactccaagaaaaccattttattaaaaaagttcaaaatggcgtatggttggttaatcctaatatcttgatgaaggggaacgataccaaacgtcaaatattgcttagttattatcaaagcaatgagcctataaatgaaatcacatttagtcgcaccaaaagaaatcagattccaacagaagccgacttggaagctgaggggcaagggaaattgccgttactggaaagcggtgaagctaatgaatag
>gene_4082|Putative replication protien
atgtctgataaatggaaacggttataccatgaaaagaatgagtatctgaagatctactgtgaggagacgtcaccaagggatttctatcgtgatctttggccggaggggacgttcgagagagagggatgcccggaggacggaaagcccaatggattggctttggaaatcttcgggaaaggacgtgcgcatcataaaatcattactgatggtttggagcagctggaggatcttctgcaggcagaattcgttattacttccccggtaagctattttggaaggcgcagaacgggagaaaatgctcgatttgtgtatgctctgaccttcgatcttgacggtgttgagatgcagcagcttaaggatgtgctgcaccaaatgaatcatgggattcttccaaaggcgacctacatagtcaattctggtcatggtcttcacctgtattactttcttgcggagccggtgccgttgctgcctcacatacaagcctgtcttaaggaactcaaatatgcgcttacaaggcaaatttggaatcggtatacgagcactcgaaaggatgtggaggtacaaggcatcctgcagggcttcagaatggttggcagccaatcaaaactgggttcagagtatcctgtagtagcttttggctatggtggccgtgtagggttggattatctcatgggctttgtgcccgagctttcaggagaacgtgagaagatctttggagccctggagagcagattaacgcttgaagaagcaaaaaagaagtatccagagtggtaccaacgccgtgtagtggagggaaaaccgagaggacgatggacggttaagagggatctctatgactggtggttacgtaggctcagaaatgaagtaaaggtcggacaccgcttttttgctgtgatgaccctggcgatttatgctgtgaagtgcggtatagacgaagaagagctgcgcaacgatgcgtacagcctcctggaggactatgatgctatgagtgagaccgaagataaccgttttacccaggaagacatagaaacggctctgacggcctttttagacagctatacgacatttccaagggatgatattgcgaaatatagcggtctgaagctgacgccaaataagagaaacggacgaaagcaggagattcatttgggtcgtgcaagggccgttcaggcgtttgatgatccagagggtttatggagaaacaaagaaggccgtccgaaaggcagcggaacgaagcagcagcagatccaggagctgagagaagcgcacccggaggcatcggtcagtgaactttctaagatctctggcatatcgagaacaacgttgtacaaatggctcaaataa
>gene_29798|Replication domain protein
tatcagccgaagcacttagtaataactgtaccaaactgtagtataaaagaactgcggcagcagctagatatattgcataaggtcatagcaaaagtgctgcggcatttcaaggtaaacggatattacagagcaacagaaatatctttcaataaaaaagaaaatacatatcacccacacgcacacattcttataacagattttatagccatagataagctagaagcggcagcagcggcagcttataagagctacaatacccaatataaccaagaatatcttatagcacatataagtagctgtaattatgtaaaagaattatgcaaatatatcaccaaaccgacagactttgaatatacccaaatttatgagcttataaaagaggaaagcatcaaaggactgcgaaaatatgctatgtcagggcatataaaagaagcatataaaaaagtgaatcagctgatacagatccaaaaagcggtagaaaaaacagaactcgaattctttggttggtatgacgcattatataacctatataacggaaatcaaatatataagaccgatatatatacaaagtga
>gene_51850|Relaxase/mobilization
atggcgatcgtcattatgaaggcgtccaaggccacccccacaaaggcgatggattacatcaccgataagggcaaggcttctgtgatggcttgccagcacatcgaccccagccaagatcctgcacgccagatgatggcgacggccaagctctggggcaaggcccaggaggaaggcgaccggaagtattaccatctgaaggtgtcttttcacccggacgattgggtgaagaacggcggcactctgaccgagcaagaggctttgcggattggtatgcagctcatgcgggagttctgccccggccatgaaggcgtgggcagcgttcacattgacaagggccacctgcacttccacggtttggtcaatgctgtggatctggaaaccggaaagctgctggacatgagaagggccgattacatggcgtctgttcagcggatgcaagacatcgctgatcagatccagaggaagaacgctgccatgctggatgttggtgagcgtgagcgtgtgcgccgtcaggccgagaaggagaaggccaagcggcagaagcagtacgacaagggccgtggaggtcgctga
>gene_51485|MULTISPECIES: replication protein RepB
gttgcttttgctctgtctccgtggcacgatagagatctctggaatgaattggacgaacaagagaaccctgaacacaaagcgggaacgccaaaaaaaaagcataggcacggagtttttaagtttgacagtctgaaaaatttggaacaggtcaaactaattacagatttgctaaatactccccgtccccaaaaaataaaaagtcctacgatggcaattcagtatttcacccataagaacgatttagaaaaagcccaatatgacgttaaagatattttggattatgggctgggtgttgatgattattatttaactgttttaactcggagccaaaagaaaaaaattgtttcggaaatgattacatacatgagacaaaataaaattgacagactttcaaccctagtagaatatgctcaagacaataagcccgaatggtttgaccttctgcaggaccattatcttaaaacgttggagtggctcgctaacggttattatcaagaaaaagtgtcgaaaaaaaatgattttcagaaaattaaaatacctttgagtgttctggcggaagaggtcgaattatga
>gene_4201|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer
atgaagaaggtaaactacaaaaagctcatactccccaatatcccgtatgtgttcatcggcctgcttgcaaccaagctcggacaggcggctcggctctcaccgggcgcagatttctccgccaaggcgctgaacattatggacggcatttcgatggcattctcaaacatcatgccgagcttccacccgattgatctgcttgttggtattgccgccgcagtcatcatccgactcgtggtgtatttcaaaggcaagaacgccaagaagttcagaaagaatctggaatatggctcagctcgttggggcaaccgtgaagatatcgcgccattcatggaccccgtgtttgaaaacaatgtcatcctcacgcagacagaaagccttatgatgtcgaaccgacccaaagacccgaagaacgctcgaaacaagaatgtacttgtgatcggcggctccggt
>gene_52276|Replication protein
atgagtaaacggacaaaagaaaaccccctgactgctggattcttggcggaagaagcaaatcagggggctgtcggtgtcgcggctctgcccaatcgaattagccgctatgcaggggcacaccaacgggcgttgctgatggctgattatgccgaatccatcggtgagctgtccatggggcgcaagctgaccgattgcgggcattacctgctgttcaggcattacacggcgattgatgaagtccggctccatgccgccagcctctgccgtaagcatctgctttgccctctgtgcgccatcagaaggggccagaaagcccttgaagcctacgcggcaagggtggagcatgtccaagctacaaacgggcctctacgggccttccacgtcatttgcaccgtaaaggacggggccgaccttttggagcgcttcgaccatcttcggggaatcatgcgacggatgacccaagcacggcgtgaccatctgaaagcaccccaaaagaatcggcacgttgagtttgcaaaggctgtcgggggagtccacagcattgaggtcaaacgaggacaaaactccggg
>gene_18464|Replication protein
atgaaagataatagcataaaatcaactaattttcaagatacacaaacgagggattcacaaactctgcaatctcaaagtgacaacttagtaagtaaatgtacaagcaagaaaacaaaaagcactaaatttagcaattatattcgacctttagtgagtaaaaaacttaccgaaaggataacagaatgtggggacttcttgcagttgttgtcggatttgaccttagaaaaatcaaagcttcataaggcaaatttttgtggcaacagattttgtcctatgtgcagttggcgaatggcttgtaaggatagccttgaaatatcaattcttatggagtatttacgaaaggaaaaggacaaggagtttatctttctaaccttgacaactcccaatgttactggacaatttcttgatgatgagataaagaagtataacaaatgttttgagcgtttaatgaagcgtaaggaagtaaagcaagttgttaaaggctatataagaaagctagaggttacatataactccgataagacttcaaaatcatataatacatataatccacacttccatgttgtactg
>gene_20069|Putative replication protein
gttatttttgcggcggggagggaagatagtatgcagaaagtagctgattttgccgaggaaaggaacgttgaccgtaatgcggttagccagtacataagacggcatggggaagaattcaaggggcacaccaaggttgatggacacaacctactttttgatgacgatgcttatgtgattctggataagaaatatccatcaccaaagccgataatggtagttgatggagttcctcacgaagaatatgaggctgtacaaaagaagttggaattggcgagtgagcgcctgtttgctgcgcaagaagctattagagaaaaagagaagctgctagatcaaaaagagtatgccgtgcagttgttggaaaataaaaacattcttttagaaaagactttggaagaaaaaacgtccttcatggagaaagccttagaggacgaaaaggctgaaagaatcagtattcaagcagaaaataaggccctgtatgcaaggattgaggttcttaatgcggaattgttcgaagcaaagcgaccaaaatcacttatggagcacatttttggcaaattccgtgctaatatataa
>gene_39307|RepB protein
atgaattgtcgtagtgatatttggtttttagttattgaaaagcaagatttattaaataacaaaactattgaaattaaagatttatgtaatttatttactgaagaaaatggttataagttttattctcttattcttcacgataaagatgttgacgaaaacggagaattaaaacgtccacattatcacgtttatttagaattgtttaatcaatacgcaaaaaaatcggttatcggatctattgctaaagaattgaggtgtaatatttttattatacaggctaaagtttgtgaaagtccaaaaagagcaatacgctatcttacacatatagattataatgataaatatcattattccgacgctttagttgttagtagtaatccattaaaatatgaggatttatataattatggttccgacaatgatttaggtgtttctatgctttacgatttatgtaaacgtgaaaacagcctatgtgatatttactctattattggtttaaaaaatgctttacgttataggtctttaattaacgatatattcaaagagttaaaaggaggtttacaaaaatga
>gene_13826|Recombinase
atggcggtggggagggctatgcttatggctaaatcaatcaccatcagaaacggcagaggaagccgaaaacacaataccagggcatattcagagatgcccgaccacatcgacattgaaaaaatcaaggataatgaaacactcgttgacaaaccactgtggcaagcctataacgagatttttcagcctgccatagatgaatacaacgcaaagcaaaccaggaaagacagacagatcggtaacgcccaaaaatacctcaaagagatccaggccgagaaaggtgaaatggctcgcaaaccatactacgagagctatgtccagatcggcgatatgcacgacactggattgcatgattgtgaagctgaacgcaaggcacttcgcaagtatgctgaaacttttcaggaacgtaacccttatctgattgtcattggcagttacattcacgctgacgaaaaaacgctgcatttacaccaggactgggttcctgctgcgactggctataagcgtggcatgtccgttcaaaacggtctgaagcgtgccctggaactgcagggcttcaaatccaagtccaagaaatataacgcttacctggagtggcaggaatcagagcgcaaagcgttccgggaaatctgtcgggagttcggcattgagccagctgaaagcaagggcgaaaaccgagcctggcaggacaaggaaacatatatcgccggccagaagctcaaagaagccacagagagagccgagaaagctgaagccagggtaattgccctcgaaactgaaaaagcagccttagaactcaaaattgaggggctgagcgacctggcagcgcaacaccagaaaactattgacgatgcagccggcactgtggctcacatcagagatgttgaccgaattgaaatcaaaaaagttcctctctcaaaagatggccgaggtgattttgaagatctgcagcgtctgaaagacgtggcagctaaagactacgccctggaacatcagattatccagaaagacctcgaagcaaaaaagaaagatgacgagcttgaaaaaatcgaacgtcgccgtgatgagctgatcagagagaagcagtacatagagcagcagcaccggctgctgcaggctgaatcgaaagaactgcgaaaacagcgtgatgacctttcaaaaaagaccgacatttacgaaaaattcctcaaagaggacgataaaatcaaagcagcgttttcagaatattacgaaaaattgtccaagtcagagcgtggcggcacatactttgacaaggacggcagccttgtcatcgagcattacatcgaccttacaagagcctttaagaaagacgatttttctttgtaa
>gene_4141|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggatgcactggatgattgccgtacccgcatcggcaagcagccgtacaagtacttattgctaactgttacgatccgcaactgcagcgataatgcattgccagaggtgctcgataagctgcaagacggatttagggcgctcactcgctgcccagagtaccgggcggcgatacagggagcgtacagatcgacggaggttaagcgcagcgcacacaatgatccggagatcaagtggcatccgcatatccatgcgctgctgtgcgtgcagccatcatattttgcgagccgccaatacatcacacaggagcgttggcggcagctgtggcagcagcactgcaagctgccatatgatccatccgtacgtgtgcaatcaatcacacaggatcgctccggggccgccaacgaggcgaccaagtatgtgtgcaaatcggattggcttacgctgtccgacgatgacgccgtgcgagatattactgtactcatggcatctctcagatcccgtaagcttgtgggatggtatggcaacctccgcaagatgcacagggatctacatctcgacgacgaggac
>gene_9196|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcaatctaccattgttcagtcaaaaatataagccgtggcaaaggcaaaagtgctgttgcttcatccgcatatagaagtggtgaaaaattggaagataaagaaacaggatttatacatgattttacaaaaaaaggtggtgtgattttttctgagatacttttacctgaagaagctccaaaagaatatttagaccgttctacgctttggaatgaagttcaaaaaatagaaaaatcttcaaatgcaagattagcgcgtgaaatagaagtggctcttcctaaggagttaactcatgaagaacataaaagaattgtccaggaatatatccaggataattttataagccatggaatgtgtgctgattgggctttacatgataaaggggatgggaatccccatgctcatatcatgctcacaacaagaagtataaaagaaaatggcgaatgggctcctaagtcaaaaaaggtttatcatcttgatgaaaacggagaaaagataatcaaaaaaagggataaaaatgggcgtatacagtatgattgccacaaagaagattataacgattggaataaacaggaaaaaatattggaatggagaaagagctgggcagacacttgtaataaatatctttctcaggaacagcgaatagatcatagaagcttaaaagaccaaggcagtgagttgatacctactatccatgaaggatatatcgcaagaaaaatagaaaaagaagggggcatttccgaacgctgcgaatacaatcggcaagtaaaagaaactaataaaggcatcttagaagtaatcaaacaattacttgctgcagctcaagaacaattaaagctattaaacttcagaaaacaatatgatgagcgactagaatactacaaacaagctcgtaatatacgaattgctatgttaaacatggaaaaatttaaatcggttagtatacagagcatacgagaaaaatttaatgttaatgctgaaagctataatgacctattaacacaatacaatgatttactaaataaaactcagataaatgaccagcaaatgcttaaaagtatacaaaaaaatggtggggataaattaaaacaaatggctacaaatgcactcgaacgatactctattgaccctgaatacatggttataaagcgtcctagtgttcttgatcgtctgcataaagcacaagaggaagttgcagaacgctctaattcgaccgataaaggcactcagatgagcagggactattggaagtctgtaattgattctgtacatctaaaatcgccaaataaaggctcaaaaggacacatgagaaatattccatcacatgatgattatgagcgttga
>gene_44609|Putative replication protien
cgctgcagcggatttcttttcggttccttttctttgacggaggtgttggacatggaacagctacaaatacaaatgccaatggataagtgggagctactctatagagagaaagaagagtggcttggtacttacatggagaaagtaactccgtttgaattctatcgtgatctctggccagttggatcgtttgagagagctggtgagcaggatgatggtaaagataatggaatggcactctccattagagaaaaggggcgtgcatttcatacattgctgaccgatggactggagcagcttcctgatctgctgcaggaaaattttgtgatcacctcgccgatcggctactatgggaagcgtagaacggggaaaaatgctcgttatgcttatggtctggcatttgatttagatggtgttgagatgccccagttgcgtgatgtcgatcatcaaatgaagcatggtattattccgcaggcaacctatattgtcaactctggccgtggcctgcatttgtattattttttcgatgagccgatacctttgacaccggcaatgcaaaaaggactgaggtaa
>gene_50212|plasmid replication protein
atgtcatcaaaaaaagcaaatcaaaaaaaacgtaactgggcttttgtcctttatcctgaaagtgctccagagaattggaaagatattttaattgagacgggtctttcttgtgctatatcacctttacacgagtttgatatagaccctaccggtgaagtgaaaaaggcacattatcacgttattttgtgttatcccggaccgactacatttaacgtagtaaaaacactttgtgataacttaaatcaacctataccgcaagcaattgaaagtgtaaaaggttattacagatactttacgcacaaagataatccagacaagtatcaatacaacgaaaaggatattactactcttaatggtttcaatatccttgattatatcgagattacacgttcagaagtaaacgctattaaattccgtttaactgcgattatacgtgaaaacggatttactgaatatcgtgatttcatcaactatgtaatggaaaatggcacagttgaggactttgacgttgcaagcggtcatactttgtattttaattcttacatacgttcaaatcgttttggtaattaa
>gene_44585|replication protein
atgcccgatcctgcacccccggccgagatcatgcgttcgaaaggaacatgggtgcagactgatagagctgcgcacgaggcatgggcgcagttcctgtcgctacctggtgccactgccgcctcgcgcgtcctgcacctcctcatcgctgacatgggcgaccgcaacaggatcgtgatttcccaaggtgccttagcacagagactgaatgtcgatcctcgaaccgtccgccgagctgttgccctgctgcgggaacacaactggatcggcacggcgaacatcgggggcgcgaaaagcggcgttcaagtctattacatcaactcgcgcgtggcttggcagggaccgagagacggcatccgctacagcctattcgaggccagcgtttacctgtcccaagacgaacaagatgcagctatcgaggatgcacccgaactgcaccgcatcccttcgctttatcctggtgaaaggcagctgcccggggggcccggcctgccgcctgtgtcgcagcccttcttgggcgacatggagccggacctgcccgcactgccccgcgatccggcccgcgaaccatga
>gene_29272|Mobilization protein BmpH
atggagtccagagcagaggtctcctcgatcttagaaagacatatcgttcgacaggaaattcagtatgtcgatggcgttcgcattgaaacggtctgggtgcctgacaatgctgatgagtccaaggtgcatctgaatagagagcttgtttctagagaagtgacagatccttcgacaggaaaagcaaaaacactgacaatacagcaggcggttaatcgcagaattgaggaagcaggaattacaaaagttcgcagtaatcagaacacatgtattgaagttatcttcagcggatcaccagagactatgtgcgccatgtcccaggagcaggtgaacaactgggcgaaggatactctcgcttgggcacaggatagatggggcaaggagaatgttgtttctgcaactctgcactgtgatgagaagactcctcacatgcatgttatagtggtgcctatcgtacagggacaaagccgcagatccgcatctaaagaaagattggatgccgcgaagggcgtggagatcaggaaatacaagaccgataccaccaaaaacaggctgtgtgcaaatgaggtatatacgcagcctagactatatgaataccatacatcatatgctgaggtcgtaggagagaagtacggtttatcgagaggagtgcgggcggagcttggatcctttaaaaaacatacctcatccattgagtataataggatgctggcccaggaggcggcagaaaaacaaaagctcatttctgatcttactcatgactacaatgagaagaaagagaaacttcaaagtctcgataaggaaattgcagaaaatagaggtaagataataagtcagaaacaggagagtactatactcgaatctcaacttgaatggatgaatggcgctattacaacccagacagagacgctggagtcgttaacttctcatgggctgctccatcttatcaatgaacttccggcccatatcaatcgagaacttcaaagtcgcgtggaacgatattggaaaggaactgtaatgtcgcatagtttgtataaggatattgtcaattatgaggagtttgcctttgtaagggtgaatatgaaaggggaggactcggtgccatattatatcgaggtaaggttgatggatggaatggtttgggtcgatggtgaaatagaccatgtaaaaaatagagctggtgaacctatgctcatgaaggagttggcacagttctttaccaaagaaatgacacatgaagcgagaatgctgttaaggtctatatctttcaatccggtcgaagaacgagaaaaacaacgccagcaagaatcccaaagccagaaccgtggtatgagagtgaaataa
>gene_14714|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgaatcaacgtatggagcttgaatatgtggctcaaacacaaacccttgtaggcaccagaagaaaaggatacattgacgaggagaccggggagcgtatcgtggtggaccaaatcacaaaacgtgtttacggaaccaagaatttctggaagatgtacctcatggactttctgatggttctcggtattatcgacagtaagcaggtggatatt
>gene_14712|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
tttatctacatagtcgagaataccaaccaaagcaacaacattttcatgggcacctacaagaagattgccgaggatgtgaagtgttctcaaaccaccatcgctaagaccatgaagaagctacaagacaacaatttcgttaagcgtgttcagaatggcgcatggctcgtgaatcccaatattctcatgaaaggcaatgacagcaagcgtcagattttgttgagctactacgaaagcgaggagcctatcaacgaaatcaccatgagcagaaccaagcgcaccccattgccggcgccggaagacgtaccggctctgccagataagagcaacaacgatatacccaacgatatcaccatgttgtaa
>gene_29543|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgaatcaacgtatggagcttgaatatgtggctcaaacacaaacccttgtaggcaccagaagaaaaggatacattgacgaggagaccggggagcgtatcgtggtggaccaaatcacaaaacgtgtttacggaaccaagaatttctggaagatgtacctcatggactttctgatggttctcggtattatcgacagtaagcaggtggatatttttatctacatagtcgagaataccaaccaaagcaacaacattttcatgggcacctacaagaagattgccgaggatgtgaagtgttctcaaaccaccatcgctaagaccatgaagaagctacaagacaacaatttcgttaagcgtgttcagaatggcgcatggctcgtgaatcccaatattctcatgaaaggcaatgacagcaagcgtcagattttgttgagctactacgaaagcgaggagcctatcaacgaaatcaccatgagcagaaccaagcgcaccccattgccggcgccggaagacgtaccggctctgccagataagagcaacaacgatatacccaacgatatcaccatgttgtaa
>gene_27763|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgtttgaaatgcctaaaataagacagtcagtggaaaccagtgttatgaatgaacacggagaaatgataagcaagagagcaaatagggtattatcgtggggagaagaaccaagctacataaagctatatttgcaggatattatgtatttatcggatatgcctaaacagtatgttgctgttgcagaagcacttttaaaaagagtatcctatgcaggtgacgcagacggaatgtgtgttgttttagtacctcgtataaagaaatacatatgcgaggaattaggctggaagaatatgagaagtcttaataatgcacttgtaggattggtaaaaggaaagatactttatagattagacaacaatgtttatcagtttaattcttatttgtttggaaaaggagattggcaagatatagcacgcttacgtttagaaatttcttatgatgacatcaaaggacgcacattccaagctaatgtatcttacgcagaagaaaaagaaaacggacaaatgaaaatggagtttaatgacgatgagagagaagcaagtacagatacctttaaagacgctatttag
>gene_21846|Firmicute plasmid replication family protein
atgaccgtaggcgaaaacttaaaacaggcagatacaacatttgcggacagagaaagacagctcaatgaagaggaagaagcccgcaaaaaagcggaaaaagaagcgaagaaaagcccatttaacaactttgtgcaagtcaatctggactatacggggcagattatccagctcgcaagggtgagttctaaggcagcacaggtctttgcgttcttggtggagcatatggacggctacaacgcccttgtatgctcgtttgcggttatccaagaggcgttaggtatgagccgtgcaagtgcagcgagggcagtaaaagtgctgaaagacagcaatttcatcgacataaagaagtcgggtacgacaaacgtgtatctcataaacagtcagcttgtttggaagtcgtggggtacgaactacaagtacgccgaatttaacgccaaagtgcttgtcaccgaaagcgaacaggagcaggaaaagccagaaactaaagtaaaaacccgaaaaaagccgactgcggaagtagtgaagaagggcggtgccgcaaatggggaaactgtcacaggcaatgattga
>gene_29740|Replication initiation factor
atgcattctggagaactgactggtgatactgtttatctcggttcccgttcctccgatttattttgccgtgtttatgataaaactatggaacgtatttccgcagatgatgttgaagtacctgaaaattgggtacgttgggaactggtatgcaaacatgatcgtgctcaggctactgctgaacatcttttgaaaagtggctttgctattggggaaattatggcaggtgtactgtctaactatttctctattctcgatccaaactataatgattcccatcgggaacgttgggcgcttaatgctcgttggtctgaattcctcggaaacgttaaacctattagactattccgtgtagtatgtaaagaaaaaactcttgaagataaaaaagatcacctgcttcatcagtacggtcctactatgtccgctgttattcgtgtatatggtgcagatgcctttataaaagaaattggtctcgaagcatggcgaactaataaacgtttggctgctattactcttcttgctagccaagaacttgagcaacatcgtaaagaatataataaggtcgccttataa
>gene_35292|Replication protein
atggcaaagaaggacatcgttaggtatgacaatgagctgaatcagatcagcttccgacagtggtcgtcgctggagtctgacctattcttctcgatcgtgtccaagatgcagggcaagggcacgaacacagtggtgttcgataccgacgagctgaaggacttcatcgacttcgctgcgaagaacggcaagcgctgggaaaatctgctgacctccgtcagccagaaggtcggtgcgatgacctatgtcgaacgcgagccgcgcaaaattcgtgtcatggcgttgttttccatgttcgagatcgatctcgacgccaggactctcaccgttgaggtctctcgacactacgagtacatcatcaacaagctccaggcgaacttcacccagttcgagctggaggaattcggacagctgcgctcgacctatgcgaaggccatgtaccgactgctgaagcaatggcgcacggtcggcaagcgagagttcgagatggacgagttccgcgcttatctcggtatccccgagagttacaccacgaagaaaatcaccgtaaaggtgctgacgccgattaag
>gene_52995|Mob
atgatgctctcccaacactgcagcaggggcgcttacaacgccaagcacaacaccgacgagaagtaccgggcaacgctcgaccacgtcgacaagtcgatgagcgagcacaacgtcgtgcttcaccacgagacggtcaagcacgcgtaccgcgacctgttcgacgatgccgtgaaaagctacaacgccaggcagaagcgcagcgatcgcaagataggcgattattacgagaaagtcgtaggtgattcccgagggcacaagggagtgcagaacgacgagggcaagagacccgtctacgagaccatcgtcgggatcgggaacctcgagaccatgtcgccctcgatcctcgagaaccgagccctagcagagcgcgtgtactcggcctacctcgaggcgttcagggagaccttcccgaacctgcacgtcgtggatgccgtcatccacatggacgaaccggagggcggcatccacatgcacctcgcgtggattccgtggggcgagggatacaagcgcggcatggaaaggcagcagagcctttcgcgggcgtgcgagaacatgcacgtcagccac
>gene_8695|replication protein
atgaaagcctggaacaggttgaccaggtacaagaaatttaaaacaattgtaaaaggctttttccgtgtccttgaagtaacgagaaataagaaaaatggaagtctacacccacacttccatataatccttgttgtacctaaaagttacggcaaaaaagaagaattatatctctcacataatgaaattttagatatgtggcggaagtcttacgatgacgaaactataacacaagttgatattagacttatcaagcctaaggacgttaaagaaataaactctcctgaagttgttcaggtcaagtctttagaatcggctattgctgaaacttgcaagtatactttcaaagatgaggatttactttttggttgccgttcagctgcggaacaggaccacttgcttttgacacttattgacggcttacatcatcgccgtttagcccattttggcggtgtattcaaagaaatatataactcactcggtttagaggatatagaggacgattcttgcgatttaacgcatatacaggacactataaacaaaggtgttgctcttcttataactcgcttc
>gene_50456|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtctgcgaaaaaagcaaatgtaaaaaaacgaaattgggcattcgtcctttacccggagagtgccccggaaaattggagagaacagctcgaagaaactggcattcaatgtgctatctctcctttgcatgagttcgatgttgaccctaccggagaagtaaagaaagcacactaccatgtcattctgtgctatcctggtccgactacttttagcaatgtaaataatctcactcatagtctgaaccaacccattccccaggcattggaggcggttagaggctattatcgatacttgacccataaggataacccggacaagtaccagtatgatgagcgagacattaccacccttaacggctttaatgttctggactatgttgagatgacaaagtctgaagttaacgcaattaagttccggcttaccgctctgatccgtgagcatggttttacggagtacaaggattttatcaatttcgtcatggacggcggtgtgcctgaagagtacgatgttgccagctgtaacaccttgtacttcaattcttacattcgctctaaccgacatagtgaataa
>gene_41340|RepA protein
atgagctacccaagatacaaaaccaacccatttatcgaacaaatgatagttcccgtcaaagataaacgagtacaaatctcaagattagggaaagacaataatgttcttgtaaaccaagatacaggtgaaatattaggaacccacgttacaacttataaacgtgttgatgcagatcagtttgttaaattattcaccgcaaacgtagctatgacatttgatttaacatccgctggaattaaaacttttagcgtattaatttgggcagtacaacatcacgcattagccaaagatgaagttgatttagataattttgttttagat
>gene_41337|RepA protein
tttatcgtagctcacgcagataaagaacctccaataaaactaagtctagcaacctttaaacgaggcttaaatgagcttgaaaaagctaaaattattgcaaaaacaataagacaagggcgttattatataaatcctaattttgtatttaatggtgaccgtattgcatttacaacattgattgaaagagagcgtgaaaaagaaactgaagatgaacctaaatatatcgatgaaataataccgtaa
>gene_43156|Putative plasmid replication protein, RepL
aaagataaacgagtacaaatctcaagattagggaaagacaataatgttcttgtaaaccaagatacaggtgaaatattaggaacccacgttacaacttataaacgtgttgatgcagatcagtttgttaaattattcaccgcaaacgtagctatgacatttgatttaacatccgctggaattaaaacttttagcgtattaatttgggcagtacaacatcacgcattagccaaagatgaagttgatttagataattttgttttagatgattttatcgtagctcacgcagataaagaacctccaataaaactaagtctagcaacctttaaacgaggcttaaatgagcttgaaaaagctaaaattattgcaaaaacaataagacaagggcgttattatataaatcctaattttgtatttaatggtgaccgtattgcatttacaacattgattgaaagagagcgtgaaaaagaaactgaagatgaacctaaatatatcgatgaaataataccgtaa
>gene_27670|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgatagtctacccggaatcagcaccggacaactggcgtcagatcatcgatgatctgcacgtcgagtggtgctgcagccctttacacgacaaggatgtcacgccgacaggcgagcccaagaaagcacactaccacgtcatactggcgtttggcagcgtgcaaacctacgagcaggtcaaggagatcaccgactcgataaagcagccgatccccgaacgcattaagacgctgcgaggtgcggtcagatatctggctcatctggataatgcggataaggcacagtacagcaaggatgatatcacaacatatggtggtatggatatcacagagtacctcagatcatcggagcaggacaggcgcaatgtggtcaaggatatgtgtcgatgggtgaccgataacggcgtcaccgagttttggcagctcatgcagtatgcaatggacaacgagccagactggtgggaggcgttgatcagtaacagcgcatacatcatggatttgtacatcaagtcatggcgcaacggaggtggacggcgtgctgaccagagtagcggcaaagttgactga
>gene_31052|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgatagtctacccggaatcagcaccggacaactggcgtcagatcatcgatgatctgcacgtcgagtggtgctgcagccctttacacgacaaggatgtcacgccgacaggcgagcccaagaaagcacactaccacgtcatactggcgtttggcagcgtgcaaacctacgagcaggtcaaggagatcaccgactcgataaagcagccgatccccgaacgcattaagacgctgcgaggtgcggtcagatatctggctcatctggataatgcggataaggcacagtacagcaaggatgatatcacaacatatggtggtatggatatcacagagtacctcagatcatcggagcaggacaggcgcaatgtggtcaaggatatgtgtcgatgggtgaccgataacggcgtcaccgagttttggcagctcatgcagtatgcaatggacaacgagccagactggtgggaggcgttgatcagtaacagcgcatacatcatggatttgtacatcaagtcatggcgcaacggaggtggacggcgtgctgaccagagtagcggcaaagttgactga
>gene_16879|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgatagtctacccggaatcagcaccggacaactggcgtcagatcatcgatgatctgcacgtcgagtggtgctgcagccctttacacgacaaggatgtcacgccgacaggcgagcccaagaaagcacactaccacgtcatactggcgtttggcagcgtgcaaacctacgagcaggtcaaggagatcaccgactcgataaagcagccgatccccgaacgcattaagacgctgcgaggtgcggtcagatatctggctcatctggataatgcggataaggcacagtacagcaaggatgatatcacaacatatggtggtatggatatcacagagtacctcagatcatcggagcaggacaggcgcaatgtggtcaaggatatgtgtcgatgggtgaccgataacggcgtcaccgagttttggcagctcatgcagtatgcaatggacaacgagccagactggtgggaggcgttgatcagtaacagcgcatacatcatggatttgtacatcaagtcatggcgcaacggaggtggacggcgtgctgaccagagtagcggcaaagttgactga
>gene_19352|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgatagtctacccggaatcagcaccggacaactggcgtcagatcatcgatgatctgcacgtcgagtggtgctgcagccctttacacgacaaggatgtcacgccgacaggcgagcccaagaaagcacactaccacgtcatactggcgtttggcagcgtgcaaacctacgagcaggtcaaggagatcaccgactcgataaagcagccgatccccgaacgcattaagacgctgcgaggtgcggtcagatatctggctcatctggataatgcggataaggcacagtacagcaaggatgatatcacaacatatggtggtatggatatcacagagtacctcagatcatcggagcaggacaggcgcaatgtggtcaaggatatgtgtcgatgggtgaccgataacggcgtcaccgagttttggcagctcatgcagtatgcaatggacaacgagccagactggtgggaggcgttgatcagtaacagcgcatacatcatggatttgtacatcaagtcatggcgcaacggaggtggacggcgtgctgaccagagtagcggcaaagttgactga
>gene_20422|RepA
atggcaagaaaaccaactgataagcagcttttcaagatgaagaatgaatggatggggcagttttacgaagaggtctctccgagggatttttatagggatgtgtttcccaggggcagttttgagaggaaaggatgtccggaggactcaaggagtaatggtgtggttactgttattgatggggagaaggcaaggaattatcttgtttttgatgatttagagaccattgatgatataaggggtacagagttcgctataatgtctcctgtgggctattctgggcgtaataggacggcaaagaatgcaaggtggctatatgggatagggattgaccttgatggagttggtatggcgcagctacgagatgtgttccatcagatgaaacatgagtttcttccgcagtgtacctattgcgtaaatagtgggcatggcttgcatttgtactacttgctggagaagcctgtgccattgtataggcatttgcatgacaggctgcgg
>gene_30009|Recombinase
aaagacatatttactccattggaactgaaacagttgcagacagactttgcggagaaagtgggggctaaatacggtcttgagaggggcaaagagggaagccaggcaaagcaccttgatgaagtcactttcaagcttaaaaaacgtcaaaaagaacttgatattaagcaaggggaattgtttaatcgcaacttagaggtttctaggctcgaaaaaacgtctgaaaggctcaaatcggagatttctgcccttgagatggacaaaactacccttgaacgtgaaatagagcctttaaagggcaaaataaaggctttagaggataagctagagaaattacagaccgagccgcaagtgctgatggaagaatttgttcaaaatccgtcagtaaaagtggcttttgataattactgcctaactgttcgcagacgtcagcaacaagaacgtgcagagcgggaaaaaggacgaaaaatgagtttgagttactggagagagcaagtcgaaaaaagaatgtcctctcttccaaaggataagtcagatactctacagaagaataatgaccttgaacgctga
>gene_50687|Plasmid replication protein
atggccaaaagtggtaagcaccgttatttcaatttcattgtgtatcccgagtcagctccgcccgattggctcgaatctctgaaagaaactcactgttgtttcgctgtttcacccgttcattcagcggatgagaaggaagcgaagccacatcatcacgtgatttattattcgcctggtccggtcacgctcgataatgtccggaaagtcgttccggagacagtgccggcgaatggacacattgaaccggcgaaaagtccgcagggctcgcaaaggtatctgatacatctcgatgaccctgagaaagagcaattcccgcaagggccgaaaagcataaccgtgttgaacggtttcccactggatctaacaaggcagtattccgctgctgaattacgggaattacgtcgaagaattatcggatacattcaggcgttcaatatcacagagtattcggagctgattgaccagctcatgaattacgacgttgacatgtgcgattacgccagtacgcacacgattttctttaacacgtacatcacttcaaaacgtaatgcggtggtgcctgaatag
>gene_56855|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgattgaagactgggaaactaaaatcggcgacctggttcaagtcccctatgcgtatgcggttcacgataaagatactgataagaaatcagagcaccgcaaagaccacgtacatctgatactcgtattctcaaacacgacgacctacaagcacgctctccaaatctttcagcagctatcccaatcaggcaaaacagcggtaaacacctgcgaagcatgcgtgaacatcaggcactgctacgactacctgatacacgacaccgaaacttgcgaaaaagccggtaaatgcttatacgaactggaaagccgtataaccggcaacaatttcgacatcggggcttatgagcagataacgcagcaacagaagaacgaaatgctaaaagagctgtgcgacctggttatagatgaaaaaataggaaacatggcagacttttatctaattgcccgtatgaggttcgacttcgactacttcgagattatcaaagccaataacgccatgctggatcgtctcacacggggaaattatttgaagtatcacaaaagcaaggagaagaacccaaacgagtag
>gene_14786|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgattgaagactgggaaactaaaatcggcgacctggttcaagtcccctatgcgtatgcggttcacgataaagatactgataagaaatcagagcaccgcaaagaccacgtacatctgatactcgtattctcaaacacgacgacctacaagcacgctctccaaatctttcagcagctatcccaatcaggcaaaacagcggtaaacacctgcgaagcatgcgtgaacatcaggcactgctacgactacctgatacacgacaccgaaacttgcgaaaaagccggtaaatgcttatacgaactggaaagccgtataaccggcaacaatttcgacatcggggcttatgagcagataacgcagcaacagaagaacgaaatgctaaaagagctgtgcgacctggttatagatgaaaaaataggaaacatggcagacttttatctaattgcccgtatgaggttcgacttcgactacttcgagattatcaaagccaataacgccatgctggatcgtctcacacggggaaattatttgaagtatcacaaaagcaaggagaagaacccaaacgagtag
>gene_54739|Chromosome partitioning protein
atgaaaactattcttgtttgcaatcagaaaggtggcgtgggaaagacactgatttctgatgaattggtttttgcattagaaagagataatattccacataattattttgaccttgacacacagggtggttcactacacaagcagttgaaacaggaagatgcagttgttcaggtaatagacacaccaggtgcaatccaggaagaccttatcaggtggattgaagaagcagatatgataatcgtaccaacaaaattgacattgcgtgatgtaccaccacttcaaacaatgattaagattttggaaccttataaaaacaaaaaacctatattatatgttcttaatggatggaatagatattcagcatcaaaacaatttacagactggtttgcactggaatatcctgatttgaaaacagcaattctttgtcagtctgaaatgttcaattattcggctggaatgggatgttcagtttttgattacaaagaagactgtctaccaacacaacaaattttagcaatttattcaattattaaatttgagttaggtttaatagaagggtggcgttaa
>gene_36950|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggctattcgatatgaaaaaaacccatttacaaaggatttagtaatcccattaaaaaacagacaagtccaaatctcaagattaggcgaggataacaatatcgttatcaatcaagaaacaggggagtttctaggcggaacatcggttgttacgtacaaaaaagtcgataacacccaatttattaaacttttcacccaaaatatcaaacttgcatttgaattaactcaagctggacaaaaggctctctacgtattgttttgggctatgcaagacaaaactatgattaacaaagatcgggtaactttagatcaatatacccttaaagacttttctaaggaaaaccctgaattaaccatatcaatagccacctttagacgtggattaggcgagctaacaaaagccaaaatcctagccttagcagaaagactaggcgattattttattaacccgaattttgtttttaatggcgatagagtagcatttacaactgttcttgaagttgataaagccacaaatagccaaaaacagacagaaaaacaaattgatctagttgatgaaattagctga
>gene_21577|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgccgacaatttcaatcagcaaaggccgtgggtatgccggccacaacaacaggtcgatcgacagggtgaacagcaggagctgggacccttcactcagcgaccggaacatcgtttaccgggacgagccgatccgtgaggtgtatgccgaacagttcggcgaggccttggccgaatacaatgccggacaggtcgagaagggacatccggaacggcagataaaggactactacgagcacgtcagccggtcaaagcaggagaaacctgtgtacgagcttatcgtgcaaataggcgatatttacgacaagcatgggcctaagtacgaggccatccggaatgctctggatgactattgcagaggcttccagaagcgaaatccgaacttccgtgtcgcacagatgattacccatagggatgaggcaggaatggaccatacgcacatccagtttgtgccgtggtcggacggcaacagacgggggctgaggacaaagaacaccatgtccggggcgctcaaggctatggggtacggcaggcaggggtttgccgactggcgcagggccgagcaa
>gene_33730|Replication protein
atggcagaatacgataagagtttggagtatataagccaaactcaaacccttgtaggacagaagaaaagagaactgatcgatagagaaactggagaggttatttgggtagaccaaataacgaagcgtacatacggcacaaagaacttctggaagtgttaccttatggacttcttgactgttctcggtattatcgacagtaagcagttagatgtgttcatctacatcgtagagaatacgaaccaaggcaataatatgtttatcggcacttactccaagattgccaaagatgttggcgtgtgccgtcagaccattgcaacgattatgaaaaagttgcaggagaataattttatcaagaaagttcagaacggcgtatggctcgttaatccaaacattctgatgaaaggcaatgataccaaaagacaaatcctgctgtcctactacgagagtgaagaaccagtagaccaaatcactttcagcagaatcaagcaaaaggctcttgaagcagaaaagccgattaaaagacaacttgcaattgctgatgccgatatgaccctaaaggaggaataa
>gene_14292|plasmid replication protein
atggcttcacaaaaagcaataaaaaagcgtaattgggcattcgtcctttaccctgaaagtgctccggctgattggcgggaacgcctcgaggctacgggacttcctatagcgatatctcctcttcatgagtttgatactgaccctaacggagagattaaaaaggctcattaccatattattctttgttatcctgggcccacaacatacaatgctgtgctttctatctgtgatagtctcaaccaacctattccgcaggcaattgaagccgtgagaggctattacagatactttactcataaggacaaccccgaaaagtttcagtatgatgagcgggatatattgaccttgaatggctttagtattcttgactttgctgatatgacacgctcggaagttctcggtataaagacaagactaaccatgctcattcgtgatgagggatttaaagagtacaaggactttataaactttgttcttgataatggaacctctgaagaattggatgtagcaagcagtaatacgctgtactttaactcttatattcgttcctccaagtacggagactaa
>gene_39943|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
atgaatttagcacaggcaaattacgaagcttctctagcaagagaaaaacaggaacaggaacagagacagagacagcatgaagaggataaaaagaatagtgattttattcaggtttacagaaatcacatagaagccctagcagagttgggaactgataacccaacagcattgaaattattagtgtttttcatgaaacacatggacggtactaatgctttatgtgtatcaaatattacattacaggaaatatttggttacagtaaagttacaatatgcaaaacaataaaatatttaaaggataatggttggatatgtgttttaaaatcaggaacagccaatatttatgttgtaaatcctgatgttgcttggacttcatacggataccaaaaacaatattgtaaattcaatgctactgtatttttaagtgagtcagaaaatacagaatttttacaaaataagcgtagtttcaacaaaatcaaaactatcgaccctgattttgtaaaaacagcaatggaaagcagaaaaacttacagaagtgctgaggattttataaatggcacagaataa
>gene_56914|Mobilization protein
atggcgaacgccgccaaatacgcacggggtgcctgtgggcacatgctgaagcactatgaacgcgcaaaggatccggcgaccggcgaatacatcaaatttggaaatcaggacatcgacaccgccaggacgcatctgaactacaacctgggaccggagcgccccggcagccagtacagcttcataaagcaacgctgcagcgaggtctactgcctggatcgggccgacgtcaacgtcctctgcagctgggtggtgacagcccccaaagggctggatccggccgatcacgaacgcttcttccggacggcctacaaggccctggaggagaagtacggaagggagaatgttgtgtcggcctacgtccacatggacgaaaaaaccccccacatgcacttcgctttcgtcccggtgatgtgggacgccaagaaggagcggtataccgtcaaggccaaggacgtcttgagccggtcggagctccggcagtttcatccctggctttcggagctcatgcagaaggagtttggtcgtgatattggcattgagacaggcgaacttagcacccgaggcaatctgacgctgcctcagtacaaggccgtcaaagaggcagatgagaaggtggaagaggccgagaagagagttgaggccatggagcggaaggccggggctcggaagtcagaactcgagaaagaagtgaatgacgccattgggcggcgcaatgaagccgaccggaaggcccgggaggccacccaggcggccgaggaggcaggagcgcaggcggaggccatgaaggccgctctgaggccccctgaggccattaagagcgtaaaagcgaagaagggttggtttggccgctggaggctgtcaggcggcgattacgaggccctgaggggcgctgccgaggcaacgggggtaatccgacgcgaaaatgacttacttcggaaggagaacacttcgctgaaaaaggcgctggatgaccagatccacaagaaaagtgatcaggttcgcgaattgaatgctcaggtaaagatgcttcaaagctgcgtggatgctgacggcaagaaaattgcggagctgcagcagcgcgttgaggtcagtgatgcgatggttgacattctggctcaggtctttcaggagcatccggaggcttacgagagctatcgtaagcgtcaagtcaagaggagtacccagcggacggagacgatctccctcggtcgaatgaactgggacctgcaggcgcggatcgatagggtttgcggcactaactatgccgaagaggacaaggcccgatattttgcgcagcacccccagaaggcgctgggtaagaacacgaaatgggataggtga
>gene_1940|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtacgggattctacatgtgcaaaaattcaagcagcatgacatcacgggattagaaattcataatactcgttccaaaatttctcatagcaatccagatatagattcttctcgtactagtatgaacttctggcctgttccctgtccgtctcttagatctgctataaagaaccgtcttgataagcgacgtactactaaaaagctccgtgatgatgcagttgtaatggtcaatgctttgataactgctagtccagagttcttcaaagactgcacagaagatgtacaacgccagtattttctcgatgctgtgaaattttttcagcataaatacggtactgataatatcatatctgccgtcgttcatttagatgaagctactccgcacatgcatctttctatagtaccaatgactgaagatatgcggatatgtgctaaagatcttttcaataagagcactttgcagacacttcaggacgattttcatacatatgtatcacagagatatggtctcagtcgtggtggtgatggagaaaaaaggagacatctttcagaacgcgaatataaa
>gene_21069|Replication protein
gttatgcgccaaatgggaaatagaaaaatagaggttttatcttatttacttgatgaaaaagacggaaataatactatcaatgcttcagtcagtgaattatcaaaaaaacttaatataagccgtcctactgtttcggatactgttaatttattggaggcagcaggacttcttaaacgtaaaggaactgttattatgatgagtcctaatcttatggttaaaggcaatcaaatccgtgaagcatttttgatgaaaagatatgttgaaatggatgaaaataacaagcctattatcgaagcaaagcttgttgaagaaagtcagcttgtttttgacaaagacaccggagaaccaatacaagaaggtaaagctatacctttacaaagattttaa
>gene_6643|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgggagcaaaacgacctaaaagtgtcaaagaaactatgtatattgaaattgacaaaaaatattatgaagaaacgggcaaattaaaagccgtaggacttgagccaatatcttgccctacaattattgaaaatgttccaaggggcaaatttgagatagtttatacggctgagttatttgatgttatgcgccaaatgggaaatagaaaaatagaggttttatcttatttacttgatgaaaaagacggaaataatactatcaatgcttcagtcagtgaattatcaaaaaaacttaatataagccgtcctactgtttcggatactgttaatttattggaggcagcaggacttcttaaacgtaaaggaactgttattatgatgagtcctaatcttatggttaaaggcaatcaaatccgtgaagcatttttgatgaaaagatatgttgaaatggatgaaaataacaagcctattatcgaagcaaagcttgttgaagaaagtcagcttgtttttgacaaagacaccggagaaccaatacaagaaggtaaagctatacctttacaaagattttaa
>gene_41015|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggcaagacaagggaaagagaataactttcgtcagtctgatgaccgcatgaaatttactgggactgatgaatggataaacattagaacgggcgaaaaaagatatgtagacacatttgaaaagccaatagggagaaagcctggctcttttatgattgcttatttagcagaaattataactcttatagataagctaggaaaccaaaaaatgcaagtggtaaaatacatactcgaaaacatgaataagaatagcaacactcttattatcacttacagagagcttgcagaaaagtcagatactagctacaaaaccgtagccgacactatcagactattaaaagaagcgggtcttgttgagactagaacaggagcaatcatgctaaaccctcatttaatgaacaataaaaaaccaattggagaagctagtatgatggtaacatatcgagatttctcgaacaacaacacccaagtagaacatcaaattgagatttctgatattgatggaacaatggtggatataaccactggagaaatattgtcgccaactggaacagaaaataattga
>gene_15463|Replication protein
atgggatatgacaaaagcatggagtacataagtcagacacaaacgcttgttgggcaacaaaagaagagacttagagacattgataccggagaagtgatcatggtagatcagatcacgaaacgtacctatggcactaagaacttctggaagtgctatcttatggactttttgactgttttaggaatcattgacagtaagcagctggatatttttatctacatcgtagagaacacgcagcaggctaacaacacttttatcggcacttacacaaagatagcgaaagatgtaggtgtttcacgtccgactattgcagccattatgaaaaagctgcaggaaaacaacttcatcaagaaagttcagaacggagtttggctcgttaatcctaacatcttgatgaagggcaatgataccaagagacagattctgctttcctactacgaaagcgacgagccggtcgatcagatcacctttagcagaactaagcagaaggcgatcgagctcgacgatgagatccaggagcagatgaccatcgatatgctggaggagagcaatgacaattga
>gene_52741|Replication protein
atgagcggtaattatgacaaaagcctagagtatatcagccagacacaaacgcttgtaggagagcagaaaaggacgcttgtagaccaagatacaggcgaggttattctggtagaccagataacaaaacgagtgtatggaacgaagcagttttggaaagtttacttgatggactttctaacggtgctgggtatattcgacagtaagcaggtggacatatttatttacatcgtggagaacacgaaccagagcacaaatctgtttcttggcacttatacgaagattgcgaaagatttgggcgtttcacgccctacgattgcaaaaattatgaagaagttgcaagataatcagtttgtgaagaaggttcaagacggcgtttggttggtcaatccgaacattctcatgaagggcaacgacacgaagcgacaagtcttgctgtcctattacgaaagcgatgaaccaattgacgagattacgctaaaaagaacgcgcagaagcgtaataaacacagaggaagaagcgcaaaaaggcctagttgagcatcaaaaaacatctgagggggaataa
>gene_8523|Rep
atgcagtatgagaaccaccccgaaacgggagaacagcttatcacagaagaaaagattaaggacgctcttgcccataggactataaagcggtgggcttatgtctgccatgatgaggacgtttacagcgcattggacgaagaacacaaccccgaccatgtaaagggtaacaagaagccccgacattggcatattgtacttgaaatgggtagcaatcaagttgagataggcgtcatagctaaatggttcgggatcgctgacaactttgtaaatgtagcaaaggggcagggcgctttccttgattgcgtgcagtatctgacccatgaggacgataagcagcaggggctcggaaaacgtctgtatgcagatgacagggtatgtgcgaactttgacttccgtgaagctctgaacgtaagggctgaacgtaaagcaaagtacggcagggacttaaacgaaaaggaacttatacggcaacgtgtacttatggaaggtctgacactccgacagcttgtacgggaaaacccgcttgcatatcagaacgattatgcaacgctcgataagttccgcattaagtatatctccctgtatgctccgatgccgaaaacaaggataaactattacgtctgcggtcgtggcggtgtcggtaaaggacttatatgcagggctcttgctcggtcactatatcccgacttacaggacgatgatgacatattctttgaagtaggcgcaaagggtgttccgtttgagggctatgacggacagcccgtcattatctggaacgaccgcagggcatacgatttactgcaagagctgaacggcaggggcaacgtgttcaatgtatttgacacacacccgacaaggggaaagcagaacgtcaagtattcaagcgtatgcttaaccaacgctgttaatatagtcaactccgtgcaggactatacagagttccttgacgggcttgcaggagagtacaccgacaaggacggcaacgtacaagaggtcgaagataaaggacagtcatacaggcggttcccttttatcattcctctgcatgaagatgattttgacttgctcatgaacaggggcttttacatgggcacacgggagtatgaacaatacatagagtatcgtcatatccgtggaaacatgcaaaagattgccgaagcctgcggaacgaatgaacagcttgcaaaggaattacaggggcaggcggtcaaagggatcgcggtaaaacatgagcaggttatcaaaaaaatggagcatgatactccggacgaaaatgctgtccgtgagatgtttaaggacgtaggcaagattacagaacaggaggagttaaaattatga
>gene_52066|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaagagcagatttttaacagaaaacgagcttaaaagcttgcgcttagctttagatgagcaagcttttttaccgctcgttataagccttgaaacaggcttgcgtgtcggtgatgttgtcgcgctaaaagtgcgtgacgtgaaagccgatggtattcattataaagcccaaaaaacagggaaaaagggtgttgcgcctatatctgtaaaaactcggtcaaagttgaataagagtggtgtttggctttttccaagtccgtacaaagcagggcaacacttgacaagacaagcagtttgggcaagaatgaaaaaggctggaaaggcgtgtggcgttgatttagagggcttaagccctcattcattacgcaaagtatttgcggttgaactttatcgaaaaaagggctttaaggcggtcaaggaagccctacaacacaattacgcttcaacaaccgagatatacacctttgcagattggaacactggagagaatgggaacatacctttgacaagaaaagacttgcctttgattgttaaaatggtactcgaagctatcggaaaggggtaa
>gene_32568|RepL
atgattttaatgccaagagtgaagaaggatgaaaaatttgcagagaatcctttcgttgattcagcaataatccacacagtgacgggtacaagaatggtttacacgaacccggttggagataaagacacgtttgcttgtgttaatactttgacaggccaagtacatgaggttcaagacatatcatttgggaagcggatagtcgttgataagactcgttttctaaaagtgtatgcagacggcgtgagaatgtttttgaatctttctagcgctggcgtgaaagtattcatgattatctatcagttactaattgacgacccaagcaaagaccctcatgcatcagaaaaagtagtccttaattatgagtttcttgcgaacgaaataaaaggagctatatcaaaagcaacattctatcgcggtataagggaactgaagaaagcaaaacttattgcaccgacactagttgatagtctatattgggtgaatattgactacatttttaagggtgatcgattgactcttgtaaatcaatacatattagacagacaagaattgttaaagaagtag
>gene_13778|Replication protein
atgtcagagattatagtaagccaagaccgcaacgttttagatcctcgctctgtaagctttgaagaaagagcaagacagcttgaggaagaaaataaacgtgctgaagctgaaaacaaaaggcagaaaaacagtccttacagtaactggtatcagttcaacagagaccatactgcagatatgatttggttgacgaaaaaccacccgaaagcacaagtcatattgtggttcttgctcgaccaaatggacgattacaacgctgtgatgtgttcgtatcaagtacttcaagaagcccttgatatgagttctgccacgattaccagagctataaaagtccttaaggacaaaggatatttagcaattctgaaatcaggcaccagcaacgtttatgttgtaaacaaagacttggcgtggggcagctggggcagaaacttcaagtactgcaagttcccggcaaacgttgttctctctgcgacggagaacgaagaatatctcaagacgctcaaagaagtcaaatctacgaagattaagacggttgaggtcaaggagaacgagcaagcagaataa
>gene_42254|Conjugal transfer protein
gaaaaaaagcgcaagcgctccctgtcggcgcaggcgacgatcccgtacaaggaaatgagcaaggacggtatctgccgcgtccacgagcagtactactccaagacgatccgctttctggacatcaactaccagctcgcccaggcggaggacaaggacagtatcttcgacaactggtgcgagttcctcaactatttcgactacacgatccatgtgcagctgtccttcgtcaaccaccgcggcggtatgagcgagttcgaggacgcgatccgcatcgaaccgcagggtgacaaatacgatgagatccgcatggaatacgcggatatgctgcgcaaccagctggaaaagggcaataacggcctcgtccgcaccaagttcatcaccttcgccatcgaagcgcccaccgtcaaggacgcaaagcccaagctggagcgcatcgaaacggatatcctcaacaacttcaaaatgctcggtgtgctcgccttccccatgaacggcgtggaacgtctgcacctgctttcggatatcatgaaccccggcagcaaaacgccgttccgcttttcctaa
>gene_41793|RepA
atgagctcgcagacccaatcggcctactggaccacgattctgtaccccgatagtttgccacctggatgggattctattctggcgaatcttggaattccgctctacctctcccccttgcatcagcctgatgatgaagttgaacaagagggagttctgatttccaagaaaccgcatcaccatttgctctatcagatgggaagttcagtttctatacgtagagccatatccgcactttttccgttgagtcctggatatgctaagccacaaccagtttatcacagacacagtctagaacgttatttcgttcatatggacaaccccgaaaaagagcaattctcgcagtttggctacacgtacggcggctatacggtcgattacgacgctcccgataatgaaatgttcgatgtggtaaagatgatttcagaacttcaaattacgtcgattattgaactatacggatacctacaagaaccggagtatgccggactcgcagaatacgttgttaaacatcaggctaacgtaatagcaattttggaggacatgcactataggctaacgcattaa
>gene_56119|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggcttacgataaaagcatggagtacataagtcagactcaaacacttattggtcagcagaaaaagcgtctggtagatcaggat
>gene_21647|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggcaaacagaacagaccttacttatgtacaggatactcaaacccttatcggtgagcggaaaagggaacttatcgaccgtgaaaccggtgaggtaatcatggttgaccaaatcaccaaaagagtgtacggaaccaagcagttttggaaagtgtaccttatggatttccttacgattttaggcattatcgacagtaaacagttggacgtttttatccatattgcaagccatactaacccgtccactaatacgttcattggaacgtacaaagagatagccgaacagtgcaaagtaagcgaaccgactattgccaaaatcatgaagaagctgcaagaaaaacactttattgcaaaacggcttcgtggtgtttggtacgtcaac
>gene_14597|Mobilisation protein MobA
aaccgcaagaagtcctttgacgaaaaggcaaggcagaaatggtacgatatatgcgaagagcatgggtttgagatagacagagagccgattaagggcagaacccacaagcaaacctatgaatacatagaggaacagcttgaagctcattgtgatgagctgacgctggatatagccacgctggaagagaagcgtgatacacttaaggctgaaactaaagccctctctgaacagcgtgagaggctcgtagagaccgtttccagccttaaggcggacgtttccgccctagaggagcagaaaaagggtgtagaggcttatatcgacaaagtaagaggggctatacaaggtatgctgtgggagtttgtccaacgccccgacataaagccaaaatgggaagagttcgtaaaatggtataaagcacagatggctaaacgggcagatgaaaggcagaaccgtccctctgctctggacgattggcaaagcgctatcgcaaaggagaaacaatcagctcccatcttgcctaagacaaccagccatgagaaaagcataaagcgtcccgaacgataa
>gene_17236|Replication protein
atgcagtatgaaaggcatccggaatcgggagaactccttctctcagaagaaagaataaaggacgctcttgcgcatagaacaataaccaggtgggcgtatgtgtgccacgacagagacgtttatacggctctggatgaagagattaacccggagcataaaaaaggtggattcaagcctcgtcattggcatatcgtcattgaaacaaagaacaatgcaacggaagttaatgtgatcgcaaagtggcttggaataaaagctaattacataaatatcgcaaagggtgccggtgctttcctagattgtgttcagtatttaacgcatgaagaggaaaagcagcaggatcttgggaagcgtatttatgaggacgatgaagttaaagcaaactttgacttccgcgaagagttaaggaagcgcgaagaaaataaagttaaatacggtagggatatagatcctggtaagcagatgctttacgacgttctttttaacggagctacgttaaatgagtgcatacagcgggatagattcgcctacatggagaatcttgaaaagttgaagaaataccgcatggattacataagccgcatggatcctcctgcgctaagaatcaatttctatgtaacaggtaagggcggtgttggcaagggccttatgtgccgtgctattgccagaagtttattcccaggtatgacagatgatgctgaaatctttttcgaagttggtgcaaaaggagcggcttttgaagggtatgatggtcagccggttatcatctggaatgatcgccggcacggagatcttttaaaggaattgaacggacgtggcaacgtcttcaatgtgttcgatacgcacccgacaaaacagaagcaaaatattaaatacggttccgttaatctttgcaatgtggtcaatatcgtgaattcggtcgaaccgtacgatgagtttttaaatggatttgttgcaaagggaaaacgggaagatggtgtttgggagcaggcagaagacaagggccagagctatcgccgatttcccttcatcatcccactgaaggaagaagatttcgaccttatgctcaacaagggatttattgagggaactgataagttcacggagtatatcacttacgagcatatcagaggcaatatgcagcgtattgcagaacgctgcaagggtaacgaacagctgctgcgagagttaaacgataggacagtgcagccgatcacagagcaatatcagatggtgttggatcagtttgcgccaactgctttcgatgaagattctgaggaagcaattcgacgtgagtttgcgaataatggtcaaatcgcagagacagcaagtcgctag
>gene_57658|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgacggctgtatcacctttgcacgataaagacgtaaaccctacaggcgaggtcaaaaaagctcattatcacatcttgctcgtttactcgggtcctaccacgtataacagcgtagctaaattcacagcatcattgaatgctaccgttccacaagcactagagagtgcaagaggaatgtatagatatttcagtcataaagacaacccggagaagtatcaatatgacgagtcggagattctctgtgtaaacggcttcaatattgccgacctggtagagcttacaaagagcgaggtcaacgagataaagacccgaattcttcaaattatacgcacgctagatatacaggaatattcatccctggtagattacctggtagacaatgaaatgctagtcgaatacgatgtagctgtaaataatacgttctttttcaactcctatttgacgagcagaaggcacgcggaggctttgagaatagaggcatacggaagaatggaagcggcacgagcaaaagcactagagcgagacaggcaatgtaaacagaagttgtcacgtaacgcgtga
>gene_39892|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
atgaaaacatgcgcggaaaaaacgcctttcaataaacaacataatttcaacgaaaaaaaacattgtaccatgcaaaacgaaacgacaagaacattgcacgaactcaagctgccgggaatggcagcctgctgggaatctcttgaagagacccaccagcttgacaaactgaccctgcgggaaggcatgcagctgatgctgcagggcgaacgggatacccgtcgcgacaaccgcatcgcacggctcatcaggaatgcgaacttccggctgaaggcatcggtggaagacctggataccgatctttcacgcggtctctcttcttccaccatggccgaactggccgccggcgaatacatcaggcacggcatgaccgtcatcattaccggtgcaaccggtacgggaaaatcctatctcgcctgcgctttgggaagccatgcctgccggcaaggcacgaaagtgctgtactttaccgccaacatgctgacggaaacactgaaactggtgcatctcgaaggacgcgaaaccaatttcttccgcaagctgcaggctcatgacctgctg
>gene_14247|replication protein
gtgaatacagttggtacggctcttaattacaatgtggatagctttacaggtgaggttattcctgctcgcaatgacattacattcgatcagagaatgaaagaattagatgaaatagagcaggcagaagaaaaagagagagcagaagaaaagaaaagtcctttcaaacattttgctcagttcaatatagcacattgtaaggattggcagaaattaatacgtaaaagtcctgcagctgcagaaatcttaatgttctttcttgagcatatggataattacaatgcccttgtatgctcttctaaggtaatcgaagaggcactctcaatgtcaagacgtaatgtgagcagaaacgtcaaggtattacgtgaggcaggttttattgacgtaaagaaatcaggtactacaaacgtttatctgctcaataaggatcttgcttggaagtcttggggtaaaaattacaagtatgcagaatttgaggctaagatcattatagcagaaagcgaacaggaagaaattacagaaacaaaaacacagcgtatgaacattgtgagcgtaaaagaataa
>gene_52424|replication protein
gtgaatacagttggtacggctcttaattacaatgtggatagctttacaggtgaggttattcctgctcacaatgatattacattcgatcagagaatgaaagaattggatgaaatagagcaggcagaagaaaaagagagagcagaagaaaagaaaagtcctttcagacattttgctcagttcaatatagcacattgtaaggattggcagaaattaatacgtaaaagtcctgcagctgcagaaatcttaatgttctttcttgagcatatggataattacaatgcccttgtatgctcttctaaggtaatcgaggaggctctcggaatgtcaagacgtaacgtgagcagaaacgtcaaggtattacgtgaggcaggttttattgacgtaaagaaatcaggtactacaaacgtttatctgctcaataaggatcttgcttggaaatcttggggtaaaaactataagtatgcagaatttgaggctaagatcattatagcagaaagcgaacaggaagaaattgcagaaacaaaaacacagcgtatgaacattgtgagcgtaaaagaataa
>gene_15805|plasmid replication initiator protein
actggtaaaacaacttttgcaaagaacatggctgctcaaaaaggttatgcttgttatatttcttctggtggtaaaaatccgttagataattaccgtggtgaagaatgtattatattagacgatttaagagatagtagttataagttatcagattttttaaaattaactgataataacacagacagtttagttggttgtagattttataataaaagtattgcagaatgtcgtttgcttatagttacctctgtcaaaagtataaaagatttttattttaatgctactgttgaagaacaagagcctcaaaaacaactttttagacgttttaaaacttatatagttatggaacgtgaaaaaatgtacttttatggctataatcctgatacttctgattatacaaaattgcaatcggtaaaaaatcctatttcagttttatttgacaaggaaattgcatcaaaattttctaatgatttgataaatttaatgggattggaaatttatgacgatagtattgaaaattctacacagacagttattactgacgctgatttgcctttttaa
>gene_50932|Firmicute plasmid replication family protein
atgtactctacagttgtcggtgagacaaaagatgttctcaatcctggaagcatgacttttgatgaacgttcaaaattactcgaggaacagaaaaaagctgaggaagaggcaaaagaaagggaaaaaaatagcccatttaatcgttggacacagtttaatctagaacatactaaagaactgatgtggttggctattaaatatccaaaagcacatgcaattttgtacttccttgttgaccagatggataattacaacgctgttgtatgttcttcaaaagttcttgaagaggttcttgggttaggaagaacaactatatcgaagaatataaagattcttaaagataacggatttattgcagttttaaaaagtggcacaagcaatgtatacaccattaacgataaggtgtattggaaatcctgggggaataagaaacaatatagtaaattccctgcgaatgttgttctctctctggaagagcaggaagaagaacagaaaatcgatttcaagaatcttggatactcaagaattaaagaggttaccaaggaatctaaaaagaactag
>gene_36193|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
cccgcgcgggcggatttgaaccgcatcctcatcggcggcgaagatcccgccgccgatgtcgccgccctggtcccggccctggacgccgtggacgaggacggcaagaagcgccgccgctccaactcggtcattgccctggaagtcctgctgaccgcttccccggagtggtgggccgaggccaccccggagcagcagcaggactggcttgaccgttcgaccggctggctggtcgcggagtatggccgcgagaacatcgcccacctgcgcctccacgccgacgagcggaccccgcacctgaccggcttcatcgtcccgctggacccggagacgggccacctgaacgcccggcgctgggtcggcggggccaggcgctgcgcccagcagcagacggactacgccgccgcggtcgagccgctggggcttgtccggggcgttgagggcagcaccgccgagcacgagcgcgttcagcggcactacggccagatcgcccagcccatcgcgcaactgtccatcgcccgcccgccccgcgtcctgctggacccggacggttgggccgcagagcaggccaagagcgtggccgagcaggccggcccggtcttcgcccgcgcccgcaccgccgagagcgaccggacggccaagaaggccgccgaggcgcgggcggagaaggagcgcggcaagcgggagcgcgccgaggccgccctggaggaccagaaggccctttctggacgcctgcgcgccctgcccctgcccgatgtgctggacgccctcgggttccggcaggacgcccgcgagaagggccgctggcgggccgagggcttcaacatcacggtaggggagggggccaaggcgtccaagtggttcgaccacacggcaggcaccggcaggggcggggccatcgacctgaccgcccacgtcctcggcaccgacttcaagggcgcgctggcctggcttgccgaccgcttcgggccgggagccgccgcggccgacctgaccgcccgccttcgggcgcaggccgtcgcccaggtgaaggaggccgtggccgagcgggatccgttcacgccgccccccgccgcgcccgagcattggccgggcgtccgggagcacctgaccaccgcccgcgccctgccccctgcctacatcgaccgcctccacgagaagggcgacctctacgcggacgcccggcgcaacgccgtgttcgtgtgccgcgaccccgagacgggccacatcaccggggccgagctgaagggcaccgtggagcgcccagacggcacccgcttcaccggcatggcgccggggagccggaaggacggcggcgggttccgcgtcggggacgtggccacggcggcggcggtttacctggtcgagagcgcgatcgacgccatcagcctgttccggctgcggcagaacgccggggagcggggccacgcggtcatttcgacggcgggcacccgcaagaccgtcccggccttcctcgccgcgctgggggccaccgtccgccgcgtctgcgccttcgacaacgacgacgccggggacaaggccgcccacggcctgcgccgggcgggttggaagcgcgagaagccgcagggcaaggactggaacgacgacctgcgcgccgctgccgagaggacgggcaccggcgacaccagccacattcgtcgcctcatcgacgccagcgccgccgccatcgccgcgccgccggacgccgccgccgcgccggagattgaggacacgaccccaacacccacgccttga
>gene_37865|recombinase
atgaccgctttcgccatctaccgccactcgaagcacaagaacgcgggcaccgtggccgcgtccgcgcgccatatgacccgcgaggcggagacgcccaacgcggaccccgcgcgggccgatttgaaccgcatcctcatcggcggcgaagatcccgccgccgatgtcgccgccctggtcccggccctggacgccgtggacgaggacggcaagaagcgccgccgctccaactcggtcattgccctggaagtcctgctgaccgcttccccggagtggtgggccgaggccaccccggagcagcagcaggactggcttgaccgttcgaccggctggctggtcgcggagtatggccgcgagaacatcgcccacctgcgcctccacgccgacgagcggacgccgcacctgaccggcttcatcgtcccgctggacccggagacgggccacctgaacgcccggcgctgggtcggcggggccaggcgctgcgcccagcagcagaccgactacgccgccgccgtcgagccgctggggcttgtccggggcgtcgagggcagcaccgccgagcacgagcgcgttcagcggcactacggccagatcgcccagcccatcgcgcaactgtccatcgcccgcccgccccgcgtcctgctggaccccgacgcttgggccgcagagcaggccaagagcgtggcccagcaggccggcccggtcttcgcccgcgcccgcaccgccgagagcgaccggacggccaagaaggccgccgaggcgcgggcggagaaggagcgcggcaagcgggagcgcgccgaggcagccctggaggaccagaaggccctttctggccgcctgcgcgccctgcccctgcccgatgtgctggacgccctcgggttccggcaggacgcccgcgagaagggccgctggcgggccgagggcttcaacatcacggtaggggagggggccaaggcgtccaagtggttcgaccacgccgcagacaccgggcgcggcggggccatcgacctcaccgcccacgtcctcggcaccgacttcaagggcgcgctggcctggcttgccgaccgcttcgggccgggagccaccgcggccgacctgaccgcccgccttcgggcgcaggccgtcgcccaggtgaaggaggccgtggcggagcgggagccgttcacgccgccccccgccgcgcccgagcattggccgggcgtccgggagcacctgaccaccgcccgcgccctgccccccgcctacatcgaccgcctccacgagaagggcgacctctacgcggacgcccggcgcaacgccgtgttcgtgtgccgcgac
>gene_28180|Replication protein RepB
atggctgagcaagggcgtaagttctgcggtatcctttaccctgatgcggagaattatgtctgtgatgaagttttggaagtaatcaaatcatattttgattcatgggcttatgtcctgcatgataaggatgtactggaagaatcgggagaattcaagaaagcacattatcattgggtcggtagtctgaccaatcccgttaacattagcaccattatcaaccgtctggaagttccgccccagtcggttgaatatatccgaaagcgcggaaaaaaagacaattggaaaggtgctattcgttaccttatccacgataatagcccagagaagtttcaatatgcagttgatgcagttgtaagtaattttgatattaaaaagtttttgtctgatagggatgatgtgatgcagattggacgtattctcggttttatcgacgaaaatccaaattgtacgattcgcaatgttttggatttcgctgtggcaaatggttgttattctgagttcaaaaaagcaggttttattattcgtgaagttatgaaagaaagacgaggtattaaagtatga
>gene_17827|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
tacagggatgttgactttgctttccctaatcagttttcgtataaggactgtcaggaagtcctggagcagttcgccgaggagcagtggacgagcctgggcatgtgttccgagttggctattcatgacccgcagcgggagcctaggaacttgcatggtcatgctatgttagccctccgaacggtagacgagaagggcattggtaagaagaaccgtgactggaacgagcatgatctggttgagcaatggcgtgaagcctgggaagaagtggtcaacgcacgtctgaaggagataggcgataaagagaggatagaccataggagcaacgaagaccaaggtaaacttacagagccgaccaagcacgagggcaaggttgcaacatggctataccgccgttttggcattgttctgccggttgtaaagtggaaccaagacgttagagccaggaacgccaagaaagaccgcaggaagggtattgacgcactgataaacggagccgagaagaaacgtatcaacgttgcgaacgaggcggagaagggcaggagcaagcccaggggacgataa
>gene_57326|RepB protein
gtgccaaaagttgcagaaaaagaaaaaagaattcgaaattttacttttttaatatatgaggaatcagctttaccagattggaaagagaaaataaatagtttagcgttaccaggtttttatatttaccataataaagacgtaaatgaagatgggactttaaagaaaccgcattatcatatcttatttctattagattctatgcattcgaggaaacaaatatctgacattgttaaatttttaggaggagctaatgatgtttataaagatgttataaattcaaggagttatgctaggtatttatgtcatttagataatcctgagaaatataagtattcgatagaagatgtagtgggtttatgcggacttgactattataagtacataattacggattcggataaaataagactggtagaggaaatgatagagttttgcgatgagaagaaaatgtatagttttgctgatttaatggattatagtaaagataataataagatgtggtttagtgcgttgtgtggattttatggtagagctgttagagagtatattagagtaagg
>gene_57527|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggcgaacggggaaagacagttgtcttacagtgaaaacacgcaaacattggtaggtcaaaaaagacgcaatatcatggatgtggatacgggggaactcatgaccgtagaccaaattacaaaaatggtctatggtagcaagaacttctggaagtgctatttaatggattttctcagcgtgcttggcatcttggacaacaagcaggtggacatatttatctacatagtcgaaaatacaaatcaaagcaataacgtgtttttgggtacttacactaaaatagcaaaagatgttggttgtagttctgccacaatcgcgaaaatcatgaaaaaacttcaagcaaacaattttatcaagaagatgcaagcgggtgcatggattgtgaatccgaatattctcatgaagggcaatgacaaaaaacgacaaatcttgctttcttactacgaaagcgaagaaccagttgataaaatcactatgagcagaaccaaacgtacacctcttccaaacaacactcaagttgaggggcagatgggaatcgaagacttcgtggataaggaggaatag
>gene_17355|Replication protein
atgtctaattctaattacgataaaagtttggaatacataagtcaaactcaaaccctggtgggtcaaaaaaagcgagaattacttgatactgcaacaggggaagtaatatgggtagaccagattacaaaacgtacatacggaaccaagaacttctggaagtgctatttgatggacttccttacagttttaggtatcattgacagtaagcagcttgatgtttttatttacatcgttgagaacacaaatcaaagcacaaatatgtttgttggaacttacacaaaaatagcaaaagatgttggtgtgtctcgaccaacaattgcttctatcatgaaaaaactccaggaaaacaactttatcaagaaagttcaaaatggcgtttggttagtgaatccaaacatcttgatgaaaggtaatgataccaagagacagattctcttgtcttactacgaaagtgaagaaccggttgaccaaatcactttcagtaggacaaaacagaaggctatcaacccaggagaacaggaacagatgacacttgcattagaggaaggtaaagatggttaa
>gene_5346|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgaaagtcttttatataagatgctcaacggagcaacaaaatgaagcacgccagttaaaagccgccgaagaggtaggagcagaaaagatttttatggataaggcaagcggtaagaacaaagaccgcaaggctttaaaagaaatgttagattttataagagagggagatattgtttatactgaatcaatttcacgcatttctcgttcttgtaaagatttattatcaattattgatactttaactgaaaaaggtgttgattttgtatcgcttaaagaaaatattgatactcagtcagttcaaggaaaatttatgctaactgtatttggtgctatggctgaattagagcgtgaaagtattttacaaagacagcgtgagggaattgaatgtgccaaagccgccggaaaatataaaggaaaacctaaaaaacaaattgatcaaaatgaatttgaaagactttgtaaagaatggcgagcaggcgaaagaacagcggtcagcataatgaaacacttttcaatcagttctcaaacattttatagaagagttaaagagcataacttataa
>gene_8913|RepB protein
atgcccgagaattggcgtgaggttttggattctttgagcgttccctgggcttgttcacctctccacgatagcgatgtgttagacagtggaacgggcgaaaaaaagaagcctcactttcactttgtcatatcctttcaaggcaagaaaagctatgaacaaatcaaggaaataacggacaggttaaacgctccggttccggaaaaatgccactctattcgtggtgctgttcgttacttcttgcacctggattcacccgacaaattcaactattcatcgaggcgatccgaaattcaatcgggcaacgggttcgatgtagaggacgctttgaagctctctacatcagaagaagaaaccattgctttggaaattgagcaagtcatatatgacaagcgggttgcggagtattcgcatttagcttactgggtgagaaaataccacccggaatggcgtagcgtcctgaaaaagaattctttccatttgtccttaatcatcaagagttaccgacatggtggcgaacttatcgacattgaaacgggcgaggttgtaaatgccaacgattga
>gene_1678|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcagcaatctccccattgcatgacaaagatctcaaccccacgggagagccgaaaaaggctcattatcacattctccttgtttactctggacctactacgtacaacgcagtagccaagttcacggcttcgctcaattctaccgttccacaagctttggagagcgtgcgcggtatgtacagatacttctcgcataaggacaaccccgagaagtatcaatacgatgagcgcgagattctaacagttaacggcttcaacatatccgacctcgtagagcttaccaaaagcgaggtaaacgagcttaaacgtcagatcatcaatcttataaaggtggcggatattcgcgaatactccgggcttatagatttccttctggataacgagcttcttgcggagtatgacgttgcaatcaacaacacgttctttttccatacctacctaacaagccgaagacacgcagaactcgcagcagtggaagctttcggcaaaatagaggtagcaaaagcaaaggttttggagaaaatcggagtaggggagagcaagaaacgcaatgtcacctaa
>gene_25958|Plasmid replication protein
atgcagtatgaaaagcatccagaaacgggagaagttcttctcacagaggacaagattaaaattgctcttgcccataggacaattaagagatgggcatatatctgccacgacaaggatgtttattctgcacttgatgaagaaatgaaccctgagcacgtgcagggaattacaaaaccaaggcattggcatatctgcattgagatgggcacaaatcaagttgaaattggtgttattgcaagatggtttggaatcaaggataattatatcaatattgccaaaggccagggcgcatttcttgatattgtgcagtacctaacccacgagggagaaaagcaacaagagcttggaaagcgactctatgatgattcggaagtaaaggcaaattttgatttccgtgcagagcttacacgcagagaagaaaacaaactgaagtatggtcgtgacttggatgtaggaaagcaaatgctttacgatgttctttataatggcatgaccttaaatcaatgcattgcaaaagataagcttgcatatttggaaaacatggacaagctgaaaaaatatagacttgactatatcagcagattagacccaccatctttgcgcattaacttttatgtaagcggtcgtggtggtgttggtaaaggcttaatgtgcagagctattgcaagaagcctctttcctaactttgcagaagattcagagattttctttgaggtaggcgccaaaggcgcagcatttgaggggtacgacggacagcctgtgattatttggaatgaccgccgtcatggtgatttacttaaagaattgcatggtcgtggcaatgtttttaatgtttttgacacacatccaaccaagcaaaaacagaatatcaaatatggttctgttaatctctgcaatgtcgttaatatcgttaattccgtagagccttacgaagaatttcttgatggatttgttgcaaagacaaagaatgagcaaggcgaatgggaacaagaggaagacaagggtcagagctatcgcagattcccgtttattattcctctttatgaagaagatttcacactcatgctgaatcgtggattcatggaaggaacagacagattcaccgagtatattgcttatgagcatatccgtggaaatatgcaaagacttgcagaaaagtgcaagggtcaagacaaacttttgcgcgaactgaatgacaaaacagtttatcctataacagcacagtacaacaaggttattgaaagtcattctgtttctacagaggttgatgaagatgcacttcgtaaagaatttgaggattatggaacattctcattctttaccgacgaggattga
>gene_47854|replication protein
atgggttctttattggtttcagaaaacagagatgtaacaaatccatactctaaaacatttgaagaacgtcaagctgaattggacgagcttcgcaagagagaggaagaagctgcaggcagagagaaaaacagtccattttcaagatggtcacaattcaacttggagcataccaaagagcttatgtggcttgcattaaagcatccaaaagctcatgctattttgtatttcttggtcgatcagatggataattacaacgctgtaatgtgtagttatcaagtccttcaggacgttcttgaaacatccagagctacaattcagagaaatattaaaatcctgaaagacaatggctttatatccattctgaagagtggtacaagcaatgtttacaccatcaatgataatgtttactggaaatcttggggcaataaaaaacaatactccaagttccctgccaatgtggtattgtcactggatgaacaggaagaagagtataaaaaactcaaggaaaaaaagacaaaatttgaaaaaatcaaagaagtgtcaatcaaagaaaattga
>gene_16321|replication protein
atgggttctttattggtttcagaaaacagagatgtaacaaatccatactctaaaacatttgaagaacgtcaagctgaattggacgagcttcgcaagagagaggaagaagctgcaggcagagagaaaaacagtccattttcaagatggtcacaattcaacttggagcataccaaagagcttatgtggcttgcattaaagcatccaaaagctcatgctattttgtatttcttggtcgatcagatggataattacaacgctgtaatgtgtagttatcaagtccttcaggacgttcttgaaacatccagagctacaattcagagaaatattaaaatcctgaaagacaatggctttatatccattctgaagagtggtacaagcaatgtttacaccatcaatgataatgtttactggaaatcttggggcaataaaaaacaatactccaagttccctgccaatgtggtattgtcactggatgaacaggaagaagagtataaaaaactcaaggaaaaaaagacaaaatttgaaaaaatcaaagaagtgtcaatcaaagaaaattga
>gene_56226|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggtagtgacaatctcgacacataacggctcatcagtggcacgcgaacataacgttcgcaacgaaaaggtagtgagtaaggaagtgcatatcgaccctaatggcacccatgaggtgtggcatgatgaaaaggcacgtgacgcttacgaacggcttttcgggcaggctgtgaaggactacaacgccaaacagacccgctctgaccgcatgatagacagttattacaacgaaatctgcaaagacgctaagaaacaccccgtatacgagatgataatcggggtctacggcaccgatgagcagggcgttcccgtctgctcgccagagcagggcaaggcaatcatgcgtgattttgtcgaaaattggcgagaacgaaacccgaatttggaactgattggtgcgtactaccatgctgatgagcagggagaaccgcacgtacatatcgactacattcccgtagcccacggctaccaacggggaatggagacgcaaacggggcttgtaaaggctcttggagagcagggctttgagaaaaagggcaaggctacggctcagatacagtgggaagcacgtgagaacgcttatttggataagctctgccgtgagcgtgggcttgaagtagcccacccgaaagagcagggcattcagcacgtggagacggagcagttcaaggctcagaaagagcttgaacgcaccatagaccacgtgaatgaccttgataagcatattacagagcaggaacgcactgaggaacgcctagaggacgaaataagccgtttaaggggcgagcgtaagggtttacaggacttacagaaagaaaaggcgggaaaaacgcttctaggacgccctagggagtatgtgaagctcgactatgaggaatatgccaccctgcaacgcagggcaaggttctacgaagacattgagaaagagctgagagaagcacgtgctatcaaggctgaagctcaaaggctgaaggacactgctgccaaagagcttcagacagctcaggcggaagtcagaaaggcagacgtataccttgaaaaagccgaaaagacacgtgctgaagctcagcagtacttcgataagcagacgggttatatcttgggaacggctgagagcatggctaagaagttcattgacgagaactccaagtgtcttggctacgaaaagaagcttacagaccgcatgaagtcgtttatgaggggcttgaagttcgatgatggacgtaccgcccttgatgagtttaacaagcaggagaaggctttaggcgagaagatagctcaatcattcacaaagcagacaaaggaatggagcatggacttcgatagaggacgatag
>gene_17513|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggcagacaaacatttggagtacatacaagacacacagaccttagtaggtagcagaaaaagagagttgcttgatgttcagacaggagagcagatttttgtagaccagattaccaaacgagtatatggttctaagaacttttggaaatgctatcttatggattttcttacagttctcggcattatagacagtaagcaattagatgtttttatattcatagtcgagaatacaaaccaagccactaacacatttttaggtacttatgaccacatagcaaaacaagtaggagtaagtagaccaaccattgctaagattatgaaaaagcttcaggagaataattttatcaaaaaaattcaaaatggagcgtggctcgtaaaccccaatattttgatgaaaggcaatgacaccaaaagacagatactgttgtcttactacgaaagcgaagaaccgataaatgaaatcagcatgagcaggacaaagagaacgcctttgccgaaccaacaaatcaaaggacagctcagcattactgataccgacatgacaatcggagaggagtga
>gene_43250|Putative replication protein
gtgccgcacctgcattgcgcgatctggtttccagatgcctacgaccggatgcgcatcgttgacgcatggtgtgacgttgccgccgcctatggtgcagggccggccgggcagcatgcccggcctatcgatggcgctgtcggatggttccagtacctctcgaagcacgccgcccgcggggtgaagcactaccagcgcacggcggacaacatcccggctgggtggaagtcaaagactggtcgcgtgtggggaaagacaggcgattggccggtgcaggaggcgttgcggttcaacctgcaggatcagcacggggacggcggttggttcgcctatcgacggttggtgcggagttggcgacgggccgacgcgagagattccggtgatcgttacaggattcggtcggcaagacggatgctgcagtgctctgatcggaatcgatcgcggcttatcggcttcatggagtggatgccgttcgaggtcaacatggcgctaatcggcaacgtcgccagccggggctattccgtgacgctcgctgaagaggtgggaccgtcaagggcgtag
>gene_1554|Relaxase/Mobilisation
gcaaaaggatatatggcagttactaaaatcaagccaatccgaggaactgtaaacaaagcaatcgcctacatcattgatcctaaaaagaccgatgatgaactacttgtttcctcttttggctgtgctgccagcgatgccgcagcgaaggaatttgagtggacacgcaaccttgcagcacagcaaggagagcagcttcctactgttattgctcgtcacctgatacagtcttttgatgttggcgaggtctcaccggaagtcgctcacgagatcggaaaacagtttgcggacgaatggctcaagggcaaatacgagtatgtaatcgcaacacatattgacaaaggacactgccacaatcacatcattttcaatgccgtgaactttgtcgattaccatgcgtaccggagcaataagcgaacataccgagagctgcggcagctcagtgattcaatctgtagagagcatggtctttctgttattcctccgtctcaaagcaagggtatggattacaaggaatacacggaagtatcacttcaaagctgctattccggcaagaaataa
>gene_18458|replication protein
atgagtaaaacaagtcttacttatgtgcaggaaacacagacgcttatcggtacgaagaagagggaactggtagaccgggaaaccggcgagcagatttttgtagaccagattaccaagagggtatatggttctaagaacttctggaagtgctatctcatggactttctcatggttctcggcattatcgattctaagcaagtcgatatttttatctacattgtcgagaacacccatccgagcgacaacatcttccttgggacttacaagaagattgcagctgatgtgggatgttccgaaccgactattgccaagattatgaaaaagcttgttgctaacggctttattaagcgtgtgcagaacggtgcctggttcgtcaatccgagtatccttatgaagggtaatgaccagaagcgtcagatacttcttagctactacgaagccgaggaaccgctgaacgagcttacctataaccgcaccaagagaaagccggtagaggagcaagagcaagttcctggacaaatggcacttgttgacacagattgcaacatggaataa
>gene_16147|Replication protein
atggactttctcatggttctcggcattatcgattctaagcaagtcgatatttttatctacattgtcgagaacacccatccgagcgacaacatcttccttgggacttacaagaagattgcagctgatgtgggatgttccgaaccgactattgccaagattatgaaaaagcttgttgctaacggctttattaagcgtgtgcagaacggtgcctggttcgtcaatccgagtatccttatgaagggtaatgaccagaagcgtcagatacttcttagctactacgaagccgaggaaccgctgaacgagcttacctataaccgcaccaagagaaagccggtagaggagcaagagcaagttcctggacaaatggcacttgttgacacagattgcaacatggaataa
>gene_53658|replication protein
atgagtaaaacaagtcttacttatgtgcaggaaacacagacgcttatcggtacgaagaagagggaactggtagaccgggaaaccggcgagcagatttttgtagaccagattaccaagagggtatatggttctaagaacttctggaagtgctatctcatggactttctcatggttctcggcattatcgattctaagcaagtcgatatttttatctacattgtcgagaacacccatccgagcgacaacatcttccttgggacttacaagaagattgcagctgatgtgggatgttccgaaccgactattgccaagattatgaaaaagcttgttgctaacggctttattaagcgtgtgcagaacggtgcctggttcgtcaatccgagtatccttatgaagggtaatgaccagaagcgtcagatacttcttagctactacgaagccgaggaaccgctgaacgagcttacctataaccgcaccaagagaaagccggtagaggagcaagagcaagttcctggacaaatggcacttgttgacacagattgcaacatggaataa
>gene_2923|replication protein
atgagtaaaacaagtcttacttatgtgcaggaaacacagacgcttatcggtacgaagaagagggaactggtagaccgggaaaccggcgagcagatttttgtagaccagattaccaagagggtatatggttctaagaacttctggaagtgctatctcatggactttctcatggttctcggcattatcgattctaagcaagtcgatatttttatctacattgtcgagaacacccatccgagcgacaacatcttccttgggacttacaagaagattgcagctgatgtgggatgttccgaaccgactattgccaagattatgaaaaagcttgttgctaacggctttattaagcgtgtgcagaacggtgcctggttcgtcaatccgagtatccttatgaagggtaatgaccagaagcgtcagatacttcttagctactacgaagccgaggaaccgctgaacgagcttacctataaccgcaccaagagaaagccggtagaggagcaagagcaagttcctggacaaatggcacttgttgacacagattgcaacatggaataa
>gene_54292|replication protein
atgagtaaaacaagtcttacttatgtgcaggaaacacagacgcttatcggtacgaagaagagggaactggtagaccgggaaaccggcgagcagatttttgtagaccagattaccaagagggtatatggttctaagaacttctggaagtgctatctcatggactttctcatggttctcggcattatcgattctaagcaagtcgatatttttatctacattgtcgagaacacccatccgagcgacaacatcttccttgggacttacaagaagattgcagctgatgtgggatgttccgaaccgactattgccaagattatgaaaaagcttgttgctaacggctttattaagcgtgtgcagaacggtgcctggttcgtcaatccgagtatccttatgaagggtaatgaccagaagcgtcagatacttcttagctactacgaagccgaggaaccgctgaacgagcttacctataaccgcaccaagagaaagccggtagaggagcaagagcaagttcctggacaaatggcacttgttgacacagattgcaacatggaataa
>gene_45672|Putative replication protein
atgaatatatcagaatatgcatcaaagcatgggttaagacctcaatatgtaagttcatatatcaaaagacattcagatatgtttgaaggacataccaggaaagaagcaaattcgcttattcttgatgatgtagccgtagaattgcttgataagaagtatccgtatccgttggaacttgtaggtgtatcaaaagaggaacatgctgaggttctccaggagctggcactcacaaaggcaatgctaacgcaaagtcagaaggatttatctgaacagataaaggtaaatgtggagtatcaaaagctactcgaagcaaaagagaaagagcttaaagccctggaagataaaagaaaaaccgaagataaagaagaaacagaagtcattataaataaggctaacaaaaaagctgaagagtggtttaatggctttgtagaggtcactcaaaagctgatggatagtattgatagagaacaagcagaaagggatagagaagccaataaaaagcaaaaagaaagctttctgcagaaggtcttttctaactttggaaaggataaatga
>gene_54500|Protein rep
attgattttgtaaaagataaatggtataaatcttgcaaggatgcaggatttaccatatcagatatagaagccttttttgaacactctatagatgttatagataatgccaagagttctgattatatggctaaatctggggcttcttggggtgctgacaaggagctaactggtggagcttccaaaaagggtgcaggtaggaatccgtttgacttcttagttagcgatgataagaaagacgagttgcttttcatggagtatgtgaaagcaaccaagggaaaatgtcagatgttttggtcacctggactaaaggataaagtaggtattgccaataaaacagatgaagaattaaacaaagaagaaacggatactgctgatattgtagctcgtcttaatgacgaagcatggaaaacagttttgaataactgtgccagagccgagttattgagcattgcggaagacaggggatttcaaggcgtatttgagtggtttgctgattatggaattatgttgaaaccgccgaatgattgcgaatgtataaactatcagtatgagtag
>gene_22322|Putative replication protein
atggatttcgaaaatatggttagtttatctgattttgctcgtgaacgtgacgtagataaacaagttataactgtttatattaacaggcatccagaaattaaggagcatgtccattatgatacttataataaaaatgctgcttatctggatgacgaagctgtaaagttattatccaaaaaatatcgtatgactactcaaataattacggataatgagctttatgagcaagttataacttgtaataacaagatgctcgcaatggctgatatgatgatggctatgatgtctaaaatggatgaaaggatgtcaattgagatgaaagctactgatgatgagttattagaaagagttgagaagctggagaccgaacaagctgaaagaattaaagagctggaagaggaaaacgcaaggctccgccatgacaaagagattgaatatatggaagcggagagattgcgtttggaacgcaataatatgattgatatgaattatattcagctcgttcagcatatcaataaactgaaaagagaaaaatccagaaataacaatcaataa
>gene_14601|Relaxase/mobilization
gtgatatccaagagcagataccgaaactccaagcagagataccaagtaacctggacaagcgaaagaaaatatatcaccttcacttgtcccaatggtaaaaaatgtcgtgacattaagcttcacgaccaaaaatatattaaggagaatattgaatatgaactacaactcagaaaacaactatacgcaagaaaagacctctaccatagcaaatttggtggagagaaattcacagaatatgcaaaaccttatgcagagttcaatgccggtgatggttccgattcaggaaaaggattgggatacaatgctggatattctgcagaccaacgcagagctttatccgaaggtgttggagatgtttaccgaactgattacggtggaagagatgaatcaactgctggaagattggtcggatatggagcagaagaagttcaatcaagcgctctcggaagcgaaaatagtgcttcattcccaacaggttcaagcggagaatatccttcgtcagatgaaggattacgaacaacaggttgggaagactctcgaaaagattacgag
>gene_5470|DNA integration/recombination/inversion protein
tataaagttagatattacaagtataaacaattaatttctggcgatattcaaagaagtgtccagtggactggttggttttcatcagtggaagaagctaaagctaatgcagaaaagcttaaaaataataaagaagatttaaaaaatgttgaaagtataacttttgagcagattttaaactcctttattgaaaactattctaaagaagcaaatagaagcactacaacagatattattattaatcataaaggtgttttattggagatttggaataatgtttttgattctaatagaaattgtaagaaattaacttctaacgattttagcagtttaaaaacatatatttattatgattataaggggtctaaaaatgctactcatacttttgataataaagaaacaattagctacaactattattctaatttgcgaaattattatagaactgtttttgtatttgctaattcgaaattccctagtttacctaattatgaaaatacaataagagaaaacatgaaaatcaatcgcccaaaagaacaaaaatctcaagaggttgataaatataatactaggaaagaaggccgccttaaatttattgatgtagaagaatttcaatcatttttacaatttataaaaccaagcaagccatatactgttaatggaattatgaacgatgattttttctggtttaactattggttattcttgttctttactggcttacgaaaagaagaagctgttgcattacaaataaaagacattgattttgatgaacatatgaatccgattagaattaacatcaataaagcttataacgacaagcaattaaaagggaaaaaagagataatagatgttaagacaaaagaaagcgttcgaataatagatgttttggatgaattacaaccatactttaacatttaccttaaagaattaaagacaacaaagatgtttagtgagaaagagtatgatttatttgtatttccaagctcaaaaggaacatatctttctacttcaacaatgaataaggttttacgcaaaaaaactaatgaatattttgaagaactaggatttccgggccaatatataactacctatgcattaaggcactcatgcgcagaatatctatgtaattatttacgatggagttatgaagaagcttgttcatggtttgggcatactgattctaaaatgttaaggactgtttatgcaaaacaatcaacacaagagaaatacgaaaaactacatacatcaatacagatacatttacaatcagaagatgttagaaaattaagaaaatctgtgattatgtatttaccttcaattaaagataattaa
>gene_52106|Replication protein
atgaaaaatcgtgaaaactttgagtatatacaagatactcagacattagtaggaactcgaaaaagagagttagtcgatatggagacaggcgagcaaatctttgtagaccaaatcacaaaaagagtttatggctcgaaacaattttggaaatgctacttaatggatttgctaatggttttaggcattatcgatagtaaacaattggatgtgtttgtttttatcgttgaaaatacgaatcaatcgaataacatcttcattggtacatacaagcatatagcaaaagaagttcatgttagtgaacctacgatagctaaaatcatgaaaaaattacaagaaaacaactttatcaagaaagtacaaaatggagtttggcttgttaaccctaacattttaatgaaaggtaacgatacaaaacgtcaaattctgttatcgtattacgaaagtgaagaacctgttggtcaaatcagtatgtcgagaacaaaacgaacaccgttgccaaaccctaatgacgtagttgatacaaccgctcgttttgtcgaagataagtctaaataa
>gene_2051|Site-specific recombinase XerD-like protein
atgatcgaaccaattagagatttagaaaagttagaacaatttaagaaagaattactgaaaaagaattatagagattatttactttttaagactggactaaacaccggtttgcgagtaagtgatgtaaggactttaattgttgatatgataagagatccacacggaacaatgaaaaaccatattagcattattgagaagaaaaccggcaaaacaaaagtgtttgtaatcaatccggaattaaagcaagaattgaaagactacaccgagaatatgaacgccggcgaatatatcttcaaaagtcgtaaaggcgaaaataaaccattaacaaatacacaggtttggagaattataaaagaatgtgcagaaaaatgtggcttggagaatatagcaacacacacaatgagaaaatcgttctcatatcattttataaagcaatttaatgatatagcatcacttcaattgatccttaatcattcgtcaagcgaaacaactttaagttatgccggaattaagcaagaggaaatcgacaataaatgtgtaaacttatcattgtaa
>gene_43727|Putative recombination protein
atgaattcagaaaagtataggataggaaattgtggtttgttaaacgaagctgatagaacgatgtacgagaaaaaagacactgtctcacactccataattgaccctacgaggacacaacttaactacaacctatgtccacacaagcaatatacaagaagccaaatacaagccataaatgaacgaataagaggcaagaaattggcttcaaatggaatagcgtgggcaagttcaattttaacggttccaaaggattatgaaggcgatgtaaaggcattttttgaagaagcttacaaggaactcaagaaactctaccacatcaaagatgaggatgtgataagtgcgtatgtgcatatggatgaaacaacaccacacttacacttctactacattcctgtatggagagacgaagaagacattgaaaaggtttgtggcgtgaactacaacaagataatgagtaaagcaatgtataagacgcagcataaaaagttacaagaagcacttgagaagaacttgggagttccttgtcatatacgcaataatgaaacaattggg
>gene_29082|MobA/MobL family
atgaccaaattatcgaacatcggtggacgtgctgactacatcactgacccgaaaagacaggagtgtgtcgtggcagaatctgaacacatggattgggagccataccagaggtacgagcagaacaatccgaaatgtggtgtgaagaacaacgagggtcgagaactcatcatcgctctgccgaatgagtgggctgaacttggcagatacgagttggaaaacagggttcagcacattgctgagacagccatagggaaagacacggatatgcagtgggctgttcactggaacaaagaccatacgaacctgcacgtacacgtcatcttctccgaacggcaaaaagaaaaagagccgaagtactgggacagggatgtttatctgaccaacgatggtaaagtcgccagacgtaaggctgacagagccacatttccggatggagaggttatgccacccattcatcgcaaaggcgatgtgaaagacggcttcacagccaaaaatccggaatatgcgaagcgttcatggcttcgtgataccaaaactgctctggaacaggttttaacgctctacggggctaatattgagcgtcaagagcctttgcaccagtatcacgaaggcaagggcagggattcggcagaaatccgccagaaaaacgaactcgtgaagcagaataacgctgttatcctgaaactgtccgaagaacttcctgaattcccgatagaacgtctgaaacagatggctctggactgcctgaaagatagtcaggttctgcatggcgaaatgcttgttgaagagctggaacagtacggctatgaacgtaatgctctgacaacgttccaaaaacgtccagaatcgattttagagcgtttttctggcgaaaccgtagaaatgtctcaaaaacgtttagaacccaaatctggaatgattttgggggctgtgaaagccatggagaactccctgcatgattacctgacagacctgagggcattgaatcaatgcaagttctatgagtggagcaaaaagaaagacttgcgacaaaaggttgatgctcatgtcgaggattatgggaatagtctggcggttcttaaggctcatggagtcaatgtggaccgttacgacctgtatagagtcagtggagatgtggcattaatcgataagctgaaagaacaggtcggcattgctccgaaggacgcaaccagacctgttcagcatcaaaataatgggcagatgaccatggatgcgattcatggaaaaattgaagcctttaaggagcagtctgcaccgtcacggcagcagtccaggacaaagtccaggagtgatgaccgtgatgacagataa
>gene_54297|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctaaaatttggtataatttctataaggtggtgggaagcaatgaaagaaagtatgagtgtaacaaaaggtcgtggttctattcgacacaatcgtagagatttctatgccgaaaatattgatgaaagtagaagttacttgaacttgaaattgatagatgaacccatcaaacaagcctatcaacgcttgtttgatgggtcgctcaaaaaatataatgacaggcaaacacgcaatgacaggaaaatcaagaactactacgagcatataagacattctaggcaagaaaaaccgttctatgaactagttgttcaattaggtgatagagataatagcaatgaactgaatgataaaaatgtcgaaatcttaaagagatttgtcgaaaagtgtagagaaaggtacgaaaatgtatattttttcggtgcatacattcatttagacgaggctacgccacatttacacttggactatattcctgtagcccacaatcaaaaacgtggcttagaaacgagaaatagccataatttggcacttaaacaaatgggctttgaaacatatagagaatttagaaacgatatgatgaaactactagaaggtgttgccaagcaacatgacatcactagagaagtgatgaatgatgatacaaaacacgttccaatcaacgaatacaagaaaagacttcaaatagagaagaatacactagacaaaatgtcgaaaaaaatcgaaccaaaagagagtgttttaagacctagtgcaattaacaagactattggcggcaatgttagatttgatacatatactacgttgtatagtacatttgaaaaaacgcaacaacataacgaagtgctaaaagaacaggtggctaatcgtgataaaatcatagcaagtaataccaatcaagccttgaaacaagaaatttgtgatctaaaatcgcaaatacaggagaaaaacgaagaaatacaagacatggataacgagttatacgagttaaaacaagaaaaccatactctaaaaagccaaattttccattttaagcaatatttgacacatttagataaaattattcatgttgtactaaaaaagcccttaaattggatttttgaccgtttaagagatatacaaagagaagatacaatagcaagtgagatgactaatgatttatgcaaaggtgttgatgataccaaaaaagaagaattttatgacagtatgttagaacaaggtatcaataaaatttgtaataaagaattacaaaaacaagatagagagaatgaaaatacgaatcatgatgagttatcaaatgagattgaaaaagatgattatgatttagaattataa
>gene_18089|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctaaaatttggtataatttctataaggtggtgggaagcaatgaaagaaagtatgagtgtaacaaaaggtcgtggttctattcgacacaatcgtagagatttttatgccgaaaatattgatgaaagtagaagttacttgaacttgaaattgctagatgaacccatcaaacaagcctatcaacgcttgtttgatgggtcgctcaaaaaatataacgacaggcaaacacgcaatgacaggaaaatcaagaactactacgagcatataagacattctagacaagagaaaccgttttatgaactagttgttcaattaggtgatagagataatagcaatgaactgaatgataaaaatgtcgaaatcttaaaggaatttgtcgaaaagtgtcgagaaaggtacgaaaatgtatatttctttggtgcatacattcatttagacgaggctacgccacatttacacttggactatattcctgtagcccacaatcaaaaacgtggcttagaaacgagaaatagccataatttggcacttaaacaaatgggctttgaaacatatagagaatttagaaacgacatgatgaaactactagaaggtgttgctaaacaacatgacatcactagagaagtgatgaatgatgatactaaacacgttccaatcaatgaatacaagaaaagacttcaaatagagaagaatacactagacaagatgtcaaagagaattgaaccaaaagagagtgtttttaagcctagtgcaatcaacaagactattggcggcaatgttagatttgacatctatactacgttgtatagtacatttgaaaaaacgcaacaacataatgaagttctaaaagaacaggtggctaatcgtgatgaaatcatagcaagtaataccaatcaagccttgaaacaagaaatttgtgatctaaaatcacaaatacaggagaaaaacgaagaaatacaagacatggataacgagttatacgagttaaaacaagaaaaccatactctaaaaagccaaattttccattttaagcaatatttgacatatttagataaaattattcatgttgtactaaaaaagcccttaaattggatttttgaccttttaagagacatacaaagagcagatacgatagcaactgatatgaccaatgatttttgcaaaggtgttgatgatacaaaaaaagaagaattttataacagtatgttagaaatagaacttgataagatatacgataaagaattacaagaacaagagagagataacgaaaatactaatcatgatgaattatcaaatgagattgaaaaagatgattatgatttagagttataa
>gene_42061|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgccaagaagaacagaattgacttacgcacaggaaacacaaacgcttatcggtactcgtaaaagagagctgctagatacagagaccggcgagcaaattcttgtcgatcagatcacgaaacgagtatacggaagtaaaaacttctggaaaatgtatctgatggattttctcatggtgcttggaataattgatagcaagcaggtggacattttcatctacatagttgaaaacacaaatccgagcaacaatatttttctcgggacttacaaacatatagccaaggaattaggagtatccgagacgacaatcgctcgcatcatgaaaaaacttcaggcaaataattttattaagaaagtgcaaaatggcgcatgggctgttaaccctaacatactcatgaagggcaacgatcaaaaacgtcaaatcctgcttagctactacgagagcccagagcctatcgatcaactttcgtacagccgaacaaaacgaaagtccattcctgatggaactgaagctatcaccgacacgaaagacatagaggaggttattaacgaatga
>gene_31377|Rep protein
atgtctgcactacttgagaggcggacggtcgggcgatgggttcagaccgagcgcgcggcacatgaagcttgggccaacctgatcgagaaggctcccaaggcggcgcaactcatgcacatcctaactgcacgggtcggagagcataacgcagttgtagttagtcagaaaacgctagccgaactgatgaagtgcagtcggcgcaccgttcagcgagctgttgatgtgctggtccaggaccgttggatcgagcttcgtcagattggcgaaaacggcaccgtaaatgctcatattatcaatgatcgagtagcttggagtggtaaacgcgatggtatccgttacagcctgtttagcgcagcggtaatcgtctcggatttagaacagcccgactgtgatcagattgataatcaggagtccctgcgccgtcttccaagtttatttaggggtgagcgccagctccctagcggtgatggattgccgcctccctctcagccctccttcgacggtatggagcctgatctccctgccatggaccgtgaagagcccggcgagtga
>gene_33971|replication initiation protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagc
>gene_36409|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_30367|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_17933|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_17427|replication initiation protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaag
>gene_33112|Putative replication protein
tggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_51719|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_34404|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_36278|Replication initiation protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaag
>gene_38089|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_44066|Putative replication protein
atgctcacccccacctatgcaaaggtcggtggttggtctgctcggcacatctcggacctgctgaagtcgattcgcaactggatggctaggagagggcatgacctccggtatacgtgggtcatggagctgcaggagagaggcgcaccccactaccacatcctgatctggctccctcgcggcctgagccttcctaagcctgataaacagggttggtggcggcatggctcgaccaagatcgagtgggcccgcaacgctgtgggctacatcgccaagtacgcgagcaaggttgccagcaaggcaggagggaagattcctcgtggtgctcgcatccatggtgccggtggtcataccggcgcggctctgcgcgaattccgttggtggaagctgcctcgctggctgcgcgagaccgtgagcgctgatgactgctgctcacgctttgtcggcggcggctggctctccaggctgaccggtgaattgttcgaatccccctggcgcgtgttcttcagtagggggtctgtctacctggttccgaaggcgagcctggttgcgtga
>gene_52516|Rep protein
atgccctttgacatcaaagacgtccaagcctgtaacggctacttcaagaacttcgtcctgcgtatgaaataccgataccctgacttcaagtatgttgccgtcatcgagttccaagacaagaacggacgtggtgcggtacactaccacatgatttgcaatctgccgtatctgaagaaagttgacctttcgcagatttggggagcaggtttcgtgaaaatcaatcgcattgacaaggtcgacaacgttggtgcgtacgtcatcaagtacatgaccgccgatatggacgataagcggctttgcggtcagaacgcttatctgcatagtcgaggattggaagaacccattgagttgaccacgtggaaaggtgaccctttggaatggagagaggtacacgagagcctaaaaagcaaaacgccctcgtattcggcaaaatacgagagcgaagcggctggagctattgagtactatcagtacaatttcaatcgacggtga
>gene_30517|Rep protein
atgccgtttgacatcaaggacgtaaaagcctgtaatcagtatttcaagaagttcgtcatgcgaatgaagtacagataccctgacttcaagtatatggcggtcatcgagttccaagacaaaaatgaccgtggtgcggtgcattaccatgtgatttgcaatctgccgtacttgaaaaaagttgaccttgcgcagatttggggcgcaggtttcgtgaaaatcaatcgcattgacaaggtcgacaacgtgggcgcatacgtcatcaagtacatgaccgctgacatggacgataaacgactttgcggattgcaagcatacctacatagccgaggacttgaagagcctatcgagctgacaacgtggaaaggtgaccctctggaatggagagagatgcacgagagcctacaaagtaaaacgccctcgtactcggcaaagtacgagagcgaagcggctggagccatcgagtatacgcagtataacttcaatcgacattga
>gene_31095|Rep protein
ttggtatgcagtaactttgacagcggctcgaagttcgtcacgctgacattcaatgaccaaatgccctttgacatcaaggatgttaaggcgtgcaatcagtacttccgcaagttcgccatgcgcatgaaataccgataccccgacttcaagtatatggctgtcattgagttccaggacaagaatgacagaggtgcggtacactaccacatgatttgcaatctgccctatctgaagaaagttgaccttgcgcaaatctggggcgcaggcttcgtgaaaatcaatcgcattgacaaggtcgacaacgtgggcgcatacgtcatcaagtacatgaccgccgacatggacgataaacgcttgtgcggtctgaatgcgtacctacatagccgaggtttggaagaacccatcgagctgacaacgtggaagggtgaccctctggaatggcgagaggttcacgagtccctaaaaagcaaaacgccctcgtattctgcaaaatacgagagcgaagcg
>gene_49552|Rep protein
ttggtatgcagtaactttgacagcggctcgaagttcgtcacgctgacattcaatgaccaaatgccctttgacatcaaggatgttaaggcgtgcaatcagtacttccgcaagttcgccatgcgcatgaaataccgataccccgacttcaagtatatggctgtcattgagttccaggacaagaatgacagaggtgcggtacactaccacatgatttgcaatctgccctatctgaagaaagttgaccttgcgcaaatctggggcgcaggcttcgtgaaaatcaatcgcattgacaaggtcgacaacgtgggcgcatacgtcatcaagtacatgaccgccgacatggacgataaacgcttgtgcggtctgaatgcgtacctacatagccgaggtttggaagaacccatcgagctgacaacgtggaagggtgaccctctggaatggcgagaggttcacgagtccctaaaaagcaaaacgccctcgtattctgcaaaatacgagagcgaagcggctggagccattgagtacacgcagtacaatttcaatcgtcgttga
>gene_26842|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggctactaagaaagagtacgatgaaaatacaagaacgctaatagcaactaaaagaagagaactggtagaccctcagactggagaacagatttgggtagaccagataactaaaacaagttatggttctaaaaacttctggaaatgctatttaatggactttcttacagttctggggattattgataataaacagttagatgtatttgtttatattgcagaaaatacaaactcatcaactaacatgtttatagggacttacaaaaagatttcgaaagatgtaggcgttagtgaaccaactatcgcaagaattatgaagaagttgcaagagaataattttattcacagagttcagaatggtgtatggcttgtaaaccctaacattctgatgaaaggtaacgataaaaaaagacaaatactcttgtcttattttgagagtgaagaacctatagaacagattacaatgaacagagttaagagagaaccactctctaacgctgaaaatcagccaaataacgacttaatcgaattagaggtagaaaataatgattga
>gene_13875|replication protein, partial
atggataattcacttacttacatttcagaaacacaaaccctcattggagagcgaaaacgcgagttaattgacaaggaaactggggaacttattcttgttgaccaaataaccaagcgagtttatggcacaaagaacttttggaaggtttatcttatggattttcttatggttcttggcattatagacagtcgccagcttgatgtctttatctatatcgttgaacatacggaaccatcaaacaatatctttattggcacttatgatgctatcggcaaagagacaggagcatcaaggcagaccatcgccaagataatgaaaaaattacaaagcaataactttattcgcaagaaacaaaatggcgtttggtat
>gene_37979|RepL
atggataattcacttacttacatttcagaaacacaaaccctcattggagagcgaaaacgcgagttaattgacaaggaaactggggaacttattcttgttgaccaaataacc
>gene_1237|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgatagttagttatattagagtaagtacacaagaacaaaataccgcaagacaagaaaatttaataaaagcagataagtattttattgaaaaggttagcggaaagaacgcagaacgtaaagaattaaaaaagatgttggaatatgtaagagaaaatgacacgttaatagtagaaagtatttcgagattagcaagaaatacaaaagacttattaaatattattgataagttgaacgaaaagaatgtatcatttatatcacaaaaagaaaatatagatacaagaacaccgcaaggaaaatttatgctaactgtttttggcgctcttgcagaattagagcgagaatgtattttacaacgtcaaagagagggcatagaacaagccaagataaacggcgcgtataagggaaaaccaaaaaaagaaatagataaagaaaagtttatagacgtttgcgcaaaatggcgcaagggagaaattactgcagttaaatgtatggaaatattaaacattaaaccaaatactttttatagacgagttaaagaatggaacttataa
>gene_44154|Replication protein
atgagcaagaaagaattaacctttagtgaagctacacaaacattaataggcacgcaaaaaaaagaacttgtagatgtggagactggagaaaaaatatatgtagaccaaataactaaaagagtctacggaaccaagaatttttggaaagtctatctaatggattttttgatggttctcggtatcattgatagtaaacaacttgatatatttgtttatatcgttgaaaacacaaatcaaagcaataacttgtttgttggtacatacgaaaaaatagcaactgatgttggagtgagcagacctacgatcgcaaaaataatgaaaaaactgcaagaaaacaaatttattaaaagagtgcaaaatggtgtttggctcgtaaatccaaatatcttgatgaagggtaacgataccaagagacagatactcttgaactattatgatagcgaaaagcctataaacgagttaacatttagccgagtaaagaaagaggctattgagatggaggatattccaggacaaatgagcctagaggattatgagggaaatcaacaataa
>gene_14204|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
gtgttttttattactgcagattatatttatccaaaaattatggagcatttgctgtccgctttaactaggccaaatagattagctcttgaattatctatgagtactggcttacgtatatcagattgcctctctattcgctctgaaaacttaggtaaggttttatatgtcaaagaggctaaaacctcaagaaaccgccgtatttttgtaaaaaaggctattcttgatgagttaaaagaaattgccggggaaaatttcgttttcgaacatcgtttggatcctaataagcatagaactcgtcaagccgtttacaaagacttgaaaagagcatgcaagctctttcgtcttccaaaggaactcaatatcacttcccatacggcaagaaaaatatatgctgttaagcgttggaatggtaaacgcgctccaaaatacatgacagatattctcggacattcatccgaacctgttgctatgctttacactatggctgatttgattacgcttagacaacatccagaattgaaaaattatattttgaattctactatgcgatag
>gene_54036|Initiator RepB protein
gtggtattattactttataccactttaatttgtaaagtctaccacctaaaggagaatgctttgagcaatttaacaatttataaatccaatgaattggttgaagctggttatcgcttaagccttgcagagcaaagaattattgtgcttagcttggggcagattgatagccgagatcttaatcaaaagaaagtaactctgtatgcaaaagaatatgctaagcaatggggagttactgaagtaaatgcaatgcgtgagattaagcaggctgcaaatcgtctttttgagcgttatatcacattaaaaaatgcagatgaaactacgaaatttcgttggatacaatcagtggctaagtatcataaaggggaagcaagaatatcatttacttttagtgatgatattcttccttttttgtttgaattggattttaaattgggtgtaacaaagtatgaattactaagcgtatctggtttttctagtgtttactcatttaggctttatgagttagctgttaagctacttggaatgaaaaatcagattgttgagctagat
>gene_21874|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgggcacaggaacatcactgcagtatatccaagaaacacaaaccctgataggcgaacgtaaacgccaactggtagacgttgacaccggcgaacaaatctttgtagaccagataaccaagcgtgtgtacggtaccaaggcattctggaaagtgtatctgatggattttctgatggtgctaggcatcatcgacagcaaacaactggatgtatttatatacatcgtagaaaacaccgacccgagccgtaatatattcattggcacatacagagagattggcgaacagtgtgacgtatcatctgccaccattgccaaaatcatgaagaaactgcaggctaacaacttcatcaggatgaaacagcgcggtgtatggtacgtgaacccaaacatcttgatgaagggcaacgacaccaagcgacaaatactgctgtcgtactatgaaagcgacaccccgactaatcagatatcgctacagcgccagcgcagacctgttatcgagcaaacagacataccgcctgttgcaacactggaggataaacatgatacagattga
>gene_55973|Plasmid recombination protein
atgggagtggtacatacagcggtacataatggggcatcggtaagcgttgcgcataacctgcgcctgcggtacatcacggacaaggaagagcatatagaccctaccggggaacacgaaacttggcatcatgaggatgtggcacaggcatatgaaaagctattcggacaagctatccgggattataacgaaaagcagaaacggaaagaccgccgactggatgagaattatatcaagacgataagtgaagacccttacaaacatgttatgtatgagtttgttgtgggggtatatcctcaagaggcggacacctgcccggactggatacagaaagaagtcctgcgcagatatgtggacgagtttagaaagaataacccgaacctgcatgtagtaggggcttacttccatgcagacgaaccgggggcaggtttgcatgtgcatcttgactatatcccggtagggcactttgacaactacggcatgaaagtgcagaacagcttgacccgggctttaaaggagcagggtataaccttgcggaagtcggacaaagaccggggagaggactggagaaccgcacagatgcaactgcaagaccgggagcgtgaccgcttggatgcactatgccgggagcatggtttaacggtggagcatccagtaatagagggcaaagcggaaaagcaggagcatatgagaaccgaaacctataaggcagagaaacgcttggaaaccaccatagaccattataccgatatggagaggttggcagacgaacagctgcgccgggcagaccgggaggatgcaagggcacagaaagccgtagaacgtgccggaagggctacggatgcagaacagcaagcccgggagcgtaaaaaagcgttagagagcgaaatacgggctttaaagggcacatatgatgcggaagtcggcatacagaagaaaaccgccggaaaaacgcttttaggaaagccaaagaccaatatagaaataccttacaccgaatatcaggaacttcatgcccgggcaaatgcggttgacaatatcctgcggatgcaagcagaacttgaccgggaaaaagccataaccgccgaacagcagaaacagctttctaaggctctgcatgatgcaaagaaccgggagaaccgggcgcaggataaagagcgttcattggatgagcgcatagagaaccgggcacaggagcttatttccggcaagacaaagcgcatggagaggtatttgaaagaccataagttttcggacggaaagacgctgtatgaggattttatggcgcaggaacacatccgggaacagcaacagcatagaggaataagcagataa
>gene_22440|replication protein
atggcagaattacatgtacaagataagatagaccctaaaaaccctaattcaatcagttttgaagctagaaagagacaattagaggaagatgaaagacgagagaaagaagaacttcaaagacaaaagaaaagcccttacaggagttgggtacaaatgaataaagacgcttataaagcagaagattggttaatgtcaaaatcgccaattgcatatagaatctttaaattcttaataaacaacatggattcatacaatgctgttatgtgttctcaaaccgtattacaagagcaatttgacgttagtcgagtaactatatcaagagcaataaaattacttaaagaaaaacaattcattgatgtttacaaatcaggaacatcaaacgtttacgcagttaataaacaaatcgcttggagtagttggggaagtaactttaaacatggaaaatttggtgctaacatcattctttctgaaagtgaacaagatgaacaagtaaaactcgaaatacaaaaacataaagaggtatctcttaaagaagaaaacaacacttaa
>gene_5127|replication protein
atggcagaattacatgtacaagataagatagaccctaaaaaccctaattcaatcagttttgaagctagaaagagacaattagaggaagatgaaagacgagagaaagaagaacttcaaagacaaaagaaaagcccttacaggagttgggtacaaatgaataaagacgcttataaagcagaagattggttaatgtcaaaatcgccaattgcatatagaatctttaaattcttaataaacaacatggattcatacaatgctgttatgtgttctcaaaccgtattacaagagcaatttgacgttagtcgagtaactatatcaagagcaataaaattacttaaagaaaaacaattcattgatgtttacaaatcaggaacatcaaacgtttacgcagttaataaacaaatcgcttggagtagttggggaagtaactttaaacatggaaaatttggtgctaacatcattctttctgaaagtgaacaagatgaacaagtaaaactcgaaatacaaaaacataaagaggtatctcttaaagaagaaaacaacacttaa
>gene_37054|RepA protein
atgatgaacgtaaattccgcccagcacgttaaaacgcccaaaatgagccattacgagcgtaatatgcacgagcttgaccataagacccaagatgagctaaaaacgctagaaatcgctaaaaaacgcaaaaatccgcctgattttactcaagtaacaggtgctgggttcgatatgtttgtgaaaatagcccaagaagcaccttcagcatttccccttttcgcattttttgctcaacacattgatcctagttgtggtgcagttgtatgcgatcaaaaattccttgcaaaccgttttaatgtaagtgttcgtagcgttcaaaaatggattaaaaaacttgaagaattaggggcgttaatcaagatcccagtaggtcaaacctacgcttatgcccttgatccgttgcttgtttggaaaggttacaacacatcaaaagactatgcggtatttaatacaaaaacattgaccgaccgtaacggtgagatcaaccgtaaattgcggattatgatgtccgagcgtggtattcaaccagtcgaagaacagggcgactaa
>gene_32808|replication protein
ttgaaagggcgtgagcgtatgccaaagtcaaaacctgttgctaaccttatgacagaatccaaggaatacaaagcctctgaaagcagaaactatttcgttgtaaaacaaaacgatattatccagaagtcaaaattcaaactaatgcgtaatagcggcgaaagtctgactttacaggaacaaaaaataatgctctatgttatcagcaggataaagccagaagatgaagaactagaagaacaggtatttgatattgctgaattttgccgaatttgcgggattcaagcaaccgggaaaaactatacaaacctaaaagacgctattttgaagctacgaaagcgtgttatgtggctgtcctgcccggattatgataccactgttagctggattgacaaagcatatatttatcccaaaagcggaaaaataaaaattcgcctagatgatgatttgaagccgtatcttcttctattacggcaaaattatactatctacccattacatagcataatcaaaatgaaaacaaaatatggtattatgctctatgaatta
>gene_8344|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgaaaagtgttgctttggattatgtaattcatattgaggaaaaagatataggagattatgtcggtattcctcatagtgtattgcttttagacgaatgtggaacgtggttagataatcgaaaatttaaggcctttaaagactctatgagggactattttatatatcaaagacagtataaaaacatcgtgattttggctagtcaaaacttcaatgttgataaaaaagtacgtgaattggtagataaaatgtatctttgtgggaagcttggacccgtgtcatatgccagacctattcgcaggaatataacccttaccgagcctatgggcgactctgagtcacggatagcagaccagcttgtttttgcaccaggtatgctcctgacgtggatcccccgctatgcaaagctctttgagagcttttcccctcctgaaaagcctttctttgttggtagtccagaaatcaaggagatccaaggggatacggtcaagaaatcttttcgaggtttccgcaggaaacatcggaaagtttctgaccgtaaccaagcgtga
>gene_28701|conjugal transfer protein TraA
atgcgatttgctgcgcaaataagtgaaaaggaggtcgaaaccgtggaattgtatctggatatcaaacaggttggtcgtggcgaaaaaggcagaacggcttgtggatctgctgcgtatcgaagctgcagcaaaattgtcggcgccgatggtgtcactcacaatttcagatccaaaaagggtcacgttgtcggcggaatcgagcttcctgcaggagcaccggaggaactccgaaatccggaagtactttggcagagacacgatgcaaaagagactcggaaggatgcgcagatcttccgagaggttgttattgcccttccgaacgagctgccggatagtgcgtgtgttgaaatcacaaaggatcttattgcgccattggtagaaatgggaatgtgcgcacagtgggacattcacaatgcccatccgaagaataagcacgagagctatgctcacccggagaacaagcacgtgcacattatgctgacgatgagagagttgctgccggacggtaccttcggaaagaaggaacgttcctggaatcgatacaacggtggacttcagctcgcagagatgttgcggccggaagctgcacgtttgatgaacgaacagctggagctttacggagaagaaaaaagggtcgaacacaaaagctatgccgcacgtggaattgataagttgcctcagatccacgttggcgtggtgggtaccaacatcgatcgcaaaggtaagttttcgtatcgcaaggcgatgaacgacgtcatcaaacagctgaacgaggaacaccttagcttgctggaacgtcaaaaacggttgcacgaagccaggaaggaattggccaacatcggtatcaaagaatcgagaaagccgagcttgtccgatcagattgccgccagcgaggaaatcaaggaccttgcgctcgtcacctcgatcgaggacgaaagaaaagaaatcagactgcattacgacaacatccgggaattcaatcaacagatcttcgaattccgaaaagagaaaaaggaaaccgacaacctgcggaaggctttgcacacgtttaagaaccttgccggcgacaataaccttactcccaaacagctggatcagctgcgatgggcagaaggttatttgaagtgggcaaaggcatccgaaacggtgccgtccttggccgaggtcgaggtcatgatcgtcgaggctcgggaacgtaacacagaacgttgcctcggtatttatgctgctgaaaaagggaagaaagaggcactgcgggcaattgacgatgcgcgcagaaacattcgtgatctctccaacccgagggaaggtgtcttacgtagtgtatga
>gene_35112|Replication-associated protein
aagcgtaaagacgacgaccgaagcaagaaatggcagttaacggagaacaaccccgagtatgcgaaagacgaagcggtcaagcgtctatgtagcataggagaagcaatttattgcgtcgggtgtagtgaagtgggcgagagtggaacaaagcacattcacgcgttcgtagtttatcaaaatgccattaaaatgagttcactaaagaaagcatttccgcgtgctcattttgagcactgcaaaggcagtattgccagcaaccgcgagtatgtagtcaaagacgataacgaaccctacgaagtcggcgagtgtccattagtcgcgggcggagaaaaagcggacgtgtccgccgaagtagtcgctttaataatcaaaagcggacgaagtccaattgagattttgacggagtatccgtcttatagcgattacgtagtgcgaaactttaggaacttaaacgacatttacgagagtgcaaacggcgttgttgggttgagacgtagacgttag
>gene_32701|Putative replication-associated protein (Fragment)
ttgccggtcaaagacgatgcgtcagtaattgcggacgcaaaagcgaagcgtaaagacgacgaccgaagcaagaaatggcagttaacggagaacaaccccgagtatgcgaaagacgaagcggtcaagcgtctatgtagcataggagaagcaatttattgcgtcgggtgtagtgaagtgggcgagagtggaacaaagcacattcacgcgttcgtagtttatcaaaatgccattaaaatgagttcactaaagaaagcatttccgcgtgctcattttgagcactgcaaaggcagtattgccagcaaccgcgagtatgtagtcaaagacgataacgaaccctacgaagtcggcgagtgtccattagtcgcgggcggagaaaaagcggacgtgtccgccgaagtagtcgctttaataatcaaaagcggacgtagtccaattgagattttgacggagtatccgtcttatagcgattacgtagtgcgaaactttaggaacttaaacgac
>gene_33765|Putative replication-associated protein (Fragment)
ttgccggtcaaagacgatgcgtcagtaattgcggacgcaaaagcgaagcgtaaagacgacgaccgaagcaagaaatggcagttaacggagaacaaccccgagtatgcgaaagacgaagcggtcaagcgtctatgtagcataggagaagcaatttattgcgtcgggtgtagtgaagtgggcgagagtggaacaaagcacattcacgcgttcgtagtttatcaaaatgccattaaaatgagttcactaaagaaagcatttccgcgtgctcattttgagcactgcaaaggcagtattgccagcaaccgcgagtatgtagtcaaagacgataacgaaccctacgaagtcggcgagtgtccattagtcgcgggcggagaaaaagcggacgtgtccgccgaagtagtcgctttaataatcaaaagcggacgaagtccaattgagattttgacggagtatccgtcttatagcgattacgtagtgcgaaactttaggaacttaaacgacatttacgagagtgcaaacggcgttgttgggttgagacgtagacgttag
>gene_44288|Replication-associated protein
aaagcgaagcgtaaagacgacgaccgaagcaagaaatggcagttaacggagaacaaccccgagtatgcgaaagacgaagcggtcaagcgtctatgtagcataggagaagcaatttattgcgtcgggtgtagtgaagtgggcgagagtggaacaaagcacattcacgcgttcgtagtttatcaaaatgccattaaaatgagttcactaaagaaagcatttccgcgtgctcattttgagcactgcaaaggcagtattgccagcaaccgcgagtatgtagtcaaagacgataacgaaccctacgaagtcggcgagtgtccattagtcgcgggcggagaaaaagcggacgtgtccgccgaagtagtcgctttaataatcaaaagcggacgaagtccaattgagattttgacggagtatccgtcttatagcgattacgtagtgcgaaactttaggaacttaaacgacatttacgagagtgcaaacggcgttgttgggttgagacgtagacgttag
>gene_32351|protein rep, partial
atgtcaagtttagatttgaataactggagtggtaaaaaaatggctaatattttgcttagtaaggcgtatgagagtgtagatatgtgtaaggctcagagattaaaagaatgtgcttcttggttagaatttaaggtattagaggatggtcagcgtaaattaagtaaagcgaatttttgccgtgttagattatgtcctgtttgtagttggagaagagcattaaaggttttctctcaaatgtgtagtattatgggttatttgcagaaaaatggtggatgtgataaatatcattacttgtttctcactctaacagtaaaaaattgtagtggacaagatctgtgcaacaatttagatgaattgaattatgattggaagctgttttcaaaatctaagttatttagctctactgttgttggttggtataagggtttagaagtaacacataacatcgatatcaactcaaaagattatgatacatttcacccacattttcattgtgttttggttgtaaaaaagagttattttggaaaatgttatgtgcttcataaa
>gene_56090|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgccaaaaatcaaacaatccgttgaaacatcaatcattaacgatatgggagaacttgtaagtaaaagagctaatagaacattatcctggggagaagaaccacagtacataaagttgtatcttcaagacgttttatatctcacagatatgcctaaaaaacacacaaaaatattatacgaattactcaaacgctcaacttatgcaggagataaaaacggtatgcaagtatgcctttctgcaggacttaaacgaatcatgatgaaagaccttggttacaaaagtgtacaaccaatcgacaatgctttatgcgacctaacaaaaggcaaagtattatacagaatcgaaacgggtgtatatcaattcaatccatacttgttcggtaagggagattggcaagacataagtcgtttaagacttgaaattgattatgatgacataaggggtaaaacctttaaaactgtttgcgagtatgatattgctccgcaggatgaaaaaataatatcaggtcagctgatgtttaatataaacgcgataaagagtactgtttaa
>gene_27867|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgccaaaaatcaaacaatccgttgaaacatcaatcattaacgatatgggagaacttgtaagtaaaagagctaatagaacattatcctggggagaagaaccacagtacataaagttgtatcttcaagacgttttatatctcacagatatgcctaaaaaacacacaaaaatattatacgaattactcaaacgctcaacttatgcaggagataaaaacggtatgcaagtatgcctttctgcaggacttaaacgaatcatgatgaaagaccttggttacaaaagtgtacaaccaatcgacaatgctttatgcgacctaacaaaaggcaaagtattatacagaatcgaaacgggtgtatatcaattcaatccatacttgttcggtaagggagattggcaagacataagtcgtttaagacttgaaattgattatgatgacataaggggtaaaacctttaaaactgtttgcgagtatgatattgctccgcaggatgaaaaaataatatcaggtcagctgatgtttaatataaacgcgataaagagtactgtttaa
>gene_14876|Conjugal transfer protein TraG (Fragment)
ttaccgtgtattctgatcttctcggtcatatacggttttgtcttgttgatctatcactacaccaagcccaactaccgcagacgtgaggagcacggctcggcacaatggggcgacgtgaaggagctgaacaagaagtatcaccaagaacccgaggagaacaacaagatactgacacagaacctaagtgtcgggtacaacatgagagcgcaccgccgtaatatgaataccctcatcgtcggcggtagtggttcgggtaagaccttccactatgcaaagccaaacgccattcaagccaacacctcaatggtaattcttgacccgaaaggcgagatcttgagagatacgggcggtctgctcaaatcaaaaggatacgaagtccgtgtacttgacctaatcaatatggaacgctcggacagatacaatcccttcaagtatatcgagagcgacaacgacgtgcaaagacttgtgaccaatctgttcaagtctactacaccaaagggaagtcagagtagatattcacgttatccctcccaagtatgcttctcttga
>gene_37999|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
caagccatagaagagcttgaagagaaacaacgagagcgtgaaaaaaagagtccatatcaagattttgctcagctcaacagaaagaatgttattcacttaatcaaagcagctcaagtaaatcctagagctttaagtgttctgcttttcttcattgagcatatgaataagctcaatgctattgtatgctcttataaggtcttagaagaacaattaggaatgtcgcaagctacagtagcacgcagtatcaagtatcttaaagatacaggtttcatacacatttacaaatcaggaagtgctaatgtatatgttgtaaatgataaccttgtatggactaattcaggtgataaggttaaatactgtcaatttcctgcaagcgttattttaagtgcaagtgagcaagaagagattgacaaagacagaaagcttaaattcgattactccaaaatagctcaagagcctaaaaactaa
>gene_3819|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
caagccatagaagagcttgaagagaaacaacgagagcgtgaaaaaaagagtccatatcaagattttgctcagctcaacagaaagaatgttattcacttaatcaaagcagctcaagtaaatcctagagctttaagtgttctgcttttcttcattgagcatatgaataagctcaatgctattgtatgctcttataaggtcttagaagaacaattaggaatgtcgcaagctacagtagcacgcagtatcaagtatcttaaagatacaggtttcatacacatttacaaatcaggaagtgctaatgtatatgttgtaaatgataaccttgtatggactaattcaggtgataaggttaaatactgtcaatttcctgcaagcgttattttaagtgcaagtgagcaagaagagattgacaaagacagaaagcttaaattcgattactccaaaatagctcaagagcctaaaaactaa
>gene_19398|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
ctcaacagaaagaatgttattcacttaatcaaagcagctcaagtaaatcctagagctttaagtgttctgcttttcttcattgagcatatgaataagcttaatgctattatatgctcttacaaggtcttagaagagcaattaggaatgtcaagagctacaatcacaagaagtattaaatatcttaaagatacaggttttatacacatttacaaatcaggaacatcgaatgtatatgttgtaaatgataaccttgtatggactaattcaggtgataaggttagatattgtcaatttcctgcaagcgttattttaagtgcaagtgaacaagaagagattgacaaagacagaaagcttaaattcgattactctaaaatagctcaagagcatagaaattaa
>gene_21335|Initiator RepB protein
gttatcgatcttgatgccctaaagacacttcttggctgtacatctgaatcatataagcaatttcgagtttttaatgacaaagtattgaagatgtgcaagcaggaaattgaatctaagacggatctccgatttgaatgcgaacctgtaaaagctgggagaaaggtaacaaaaatcaagttttcagtgaaaacaaatcatcagatcacggttgatgatatcatgacgttggagggaaaaacagatgatccggatccggatccggacgaagaagatctgatgattgataaatacggttcaaaacgtctcgcagatctggcggctaattgtgattatgaatttaccaaggaagaaatggagattatttctgctctgcttaacgagactgtactcccgttttcgagtagttcatccgggattgaagaactgcagcgctgggattatctggacaaaaaatataaagaattcctgattgcagtcaaaaaatataacgtgaaacgcagattcgagtattttaagaaaatgcttgaaaaggcacgatctgacgcatga
>gene_18062|Replication initiator
atgattttgtttggcttgtctttgtctgattttcccgacgcacagctgtattcccatgacgacgatcaagacactgatctttttgtgtctggtcgtttggatgctatatggtcgttgggttcttgcaagctatctgtggcgtcctaccgtaccttttcgtacgtcgcaaggtatgtcttaaaaaaacaatttgggagtgatttgggtgcatcttggtatcgtggtcgtgtccccccttttagtacttgcagtcgtcgtcctggtatcggcgctgacttttttgatgatgattttgatgtggacactgtatcaatttctgatggattggatgttcacaaaatttcggctcctaggttaaattgggacaaaaaatgcttgacaaatcccgaagagtgtgatactatgaaggcacaaaagagagagagagccgcaggtgttcgtgatttgaccttggctggtactgatcttggatatcttgcttatcttcgctcttgcgaacgcacattaaaccagaaaactagagccgcttttgaaaggagtaaattatga
>gene_9023|RepB protein
tgggaaattgtcgttgctgacaagcttaaatgccctatctacataagtccccttcacgatagagatataaacgctgacggctctaaaaagaagcctcattatcacgttgtctttgcattcagcggaaaaaaatcttactcgcaggttaattcgatatgtcaaaccattaatgctactataccgcagacagtaaacgaccttcgcggaatgcttcgttatctcgtccataaagacaatcccgaaaaagcgccgtatagcgtagatgatattcgctgtcttggcggagctgactatcagaaagtcgttgagactaacgctgacagacaagcgctgcttaaagatatgcagctattttgccgacgttatcacgtcaagtcttttcagcttttctccgactattgcacagagaagcgtcctgaatggtataacattctcactaatcacaacacgctttttctcaaagagtatataaagtcacttgcttggtcgcttgaaaacgaacccgatcaacacattgtggatcccgaaacaggtgacattatattttag
>gene_20427|Replication protein RepB
cgctgtcttggcggagctgactatcagaaagtcgttgagactaacgctgacagacaagcgctgcttaaagatatgcagctattttgccgacgttatcacgtcaagtcttttcagcttttctccgactattgcacagagaagcgtcctgaatggtataacattctcactaatcacaacacgctttttctcaaagagtatataaagtcacttgcttggtcgcttgaaaacgaacccgatcaacacattgtggatcccgaaacaggtgacattatattttag
>gene_7240|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaatattacaacaagcatacatattaacacagcgagtaaggtcaacattaagcataatcttaatgttgaaaattatagggacggactcacttttgaggacgggcgtataattgaccacgagcgcactcgagacaacattgagcttgtgaacaactatgatgttcacaagcaatttaggacgaatgtccgttcaatgttgggcgagaagaatgttgctattatcgatgacaaattggcagactataacgctggcaagcgtaagagtcgccaagttggtttcgataaccttttcgacgagaaaaggaagcaacacttcgagcatcgagagtgtgttatccaattcggcaaccgcgaggataatatatccgagcgagaccaagtagaaatgttgaagcaggcttttgacagcttcaagcaaacttataagtttgcattcatttcgtcagcggtgattcatctggatgaatctacaccgcatttgcatatcacgtttgtgccaattcaattggcacgtgataagcaaaaaggtgttccgctgaac
>gene_26058|Replication protein B
atgatggatcagggcaagacagttaagcaaatagccgatgaactgggcgtcagcaagcaggccgtccaccagaaacgcaagagtaaacggttgtcggcaacattacagccgtttacgacaacagttgacggtatcgtttacatagccccggagggagaaaccctcttaaaacaagcatttttgaagaatgacaccccggcagcgtcaaccgttgacgacaacaagtttacacctgttgacggcaacgttgacggtcatgttgatggttcggaacaccctctttacgccattctgagggaagagctggccgcaaagaatcggctgatcgagcaactgcaggcccaagtttctgagctgacccaggccaacaaggccctggctctgagcatcaacgccgaccggcaaaacgagcttgccggcacaatccgggaaatgcttcctgagggagagccggtcgaggctgcttccgagccggttcctgcagagtattccgagccgaaaaaaaagaccggcctctttagccgttggtttgggaaaggggaataa
>gene_54230|MobA/MobL family protein
atggctatctatcattgttcagtaaagaatatcggtcgtagtggtggcaaaagtgcggttgcttcatctgcctatcgctctggcgagaagttggaagatttagaaactggattgagccacgactacacgaagaaaagcggaattgaatatacagaaatcatcttgtgtgagaacgcaccaaaagagtatcaagaccgagcgacactctggaacgaagtccagaaagtagaaaaggcaagtgacgcacgacttgccagagagtgggagcttgccataccgaaagagctttctctggagcaaggtcaaaagttagtccatgacttcggtcagagcctagctgatgagggtatgtgtgttgatatagccattcacgataaaggggacggaaacagacacgctcacatcatgggaactaccagaccaataaaagaaaatggagagtggggagcaaaggagaagaaagcctatgctctgaacgataaaggggagcgtataccggtaatcgacccaaacaccggagagcagaaagtcgatagtcgtaaccggaaacaatggcagagagtgacagttgaagccaacgactggaacaagcgagaaaaagtcgaggaatggagagaacggtgggcggagcattgcaaccgttatctggagaaagaaaaccagatagaccataggagctatgaaaggcaaggagtggagcaagtgccgactatccatgagggatatgttgcaaggcagatagagcagagaggggaagtgtctgatgtctgccaagtgaaccgagatataagagaatataacaagttgaccagagaacagaacctcatagagaggttgagagataagctagtaaaggagatgaagcaattatatgagcgacttgcaagaattaagtctggaagaagaattgatgaacgagttggagagcaagcaagcggaactggagaagcttctcgaccagagagccgacctgcagaacagactggagcagacagagagcaagctgtcagagaaagacttgcttctctccgaagctctggaacaagccgagaagtggaaaaggcaagcacagagccgaccagaccagaaccaacagctccagagtctacagtcgcaaatatcggagctttcctcagccaactcaacgctgatgagcgagcttcggaagaaaagcgagataatagtgcaactgaacgagaagcaagagatatacaacaagagcgacttaatcaggaagcagaacgcagagctagagaagcggaacagagagctagagcagagcgagcagaacgcaaggcgagaagccagagcttcgatagagggcgttaa
>gene_37498|RepA protein
atgagccttgaaagatacaaaaataacccttttttggaaaacatgattgttccagttaaggggaaacagattcagctttcacgtcttggccgggatgaaaatatcctagtcaatcacaagaccggtgaaatccagggcactcacgttacgactgttaagcgcgttgatagtgagcaattcgtgaagctattcacggccaatatcgcccttacatttgatttgtcatcacccggcatcaaggtttttagcgtccttctgtgggctgtacagcacaaagcactcgctaaagacgaagtggatatggatccgttgttgcttgaagattttttggtagctcatcaggatcaagatccacctctgcaaatgagtgttgcaacgttcaaacgtggcataagtgatctagaaaaaggccggataatcgccaaaacacttcgaaaaggccgttatttcataaatccgaattttgtatttaacggtgatcgagttgcattcactacggtaatagaaaaatctcgtagcgaaaacatgcaagtagatgaaaagtaa
>gene_5776|replication protein RepB
gtgagcagacaaaaagcgttagcagatagaaatcaatatgttgtcaaggcaaatgacctcattagaaaaacaaggtataaccttactacacaacaacaaaaaatcattctgtttgctatcagtaagattaaacccgatgatactgtttatacccagtatgaattaaaccttgaagaactctgcgaagcctgcggattaacgcttgacgctggcggctactattatcgctcattgaaggatgatttaagaaaactttctcaacgtgaatggtgtatattgccagatggcacagaaacaaccatatcctggattggggacgcaacaataatgccgctaaactcaacggtttatataacattcaatccgaatatgaaaccatatctatttgagttaaggagtagatatacccaatataaattacagaatgtgcttgtattccacggcaaatacgcaattcgcctttatgagatattaagaagttatacaacgcagatggatatagataatcaaattgagaagaatatagacattcgcctggaagaa
>gene_52287|PREDICTED: centrosomin-like isoform X4
atgactgtaatttcactcaaagattatgcgaaacagaacaacgttagctacgaggcggttcggcagcaagtggttagatataaagatgatcttgccgaacatattattcgagatggacggcagcagttcctggatgaggaagctgtggccttcctcgatagcaaacgtcagaagaacccggtggccatcatccaaatggataaggatgatcggattgagtcgctgcaacgagagctggatgccgccaaaaatcttattatcgagcttcaggaagaaagaaaccgactcaaggatgaaaaacacgtccttgagcttgagaacgccaaaattgcccttctggaggccgataatgccaagaaggataaaacactcgaggacgagcatgaagtcgcccagaaggccctccaggagctcacagaggcacatgaaagccttgaaagcttcgagaaggagctcgaaaagagagaaaaacgcattcaggagctggagaaccggaacctctgggactacctgaccggcctgttccggaagaaacacaaggagtaa
>gene_20667|Bacterial mobilization protein MobC
ttgggggaatatcccccccaacaagcaaggggaaatagtcacgtagtggctagctttcccagtgcttgccaaaccactataatgttagtgatgcagtttatattatgctataatataaacaaagcaactacattattttacgtagtaaaggtggtgggatttatgagcgaacaaagtaaaacttctgttagttcgaatgcgtctgttgggaaaaatcaaaaccccaaccgcaaagagaacaaacagatcagttttcgtgtgagcgaattcgaatattcaaagttacgccagtcggcagaaactttgaatatgagtgtgcctgctttcgttaagaaaaaggcacaaggcagtcgattggtagcgcccaaattggataaagagacgcgacaatcgatggtcaaagatatgggtaagttgggtagcaacttgaaccaaatcgctaaagcattaaatacgtatggcgaacgtgcgcatattgaacaaatgcaacaggatatcgctattatgcgtgaggagttgaatcatatatggcaacaactaaaataa
>gene_44831|Rep
aaagacaacaaaaattatttttctgaagaaaaactttgcaatcagtggcagaagttcttgaacaaagcggaatatgaagtcaaagaaaaatgcattatgacaggcggacacaaaaaccaactcatagcacttcacacaaaaaaaacaaagaaaaagtatgagccaatagactatgttcctgtttgccacattgaagccgtcagagatacccaagaaaagcaaattgccgaagtcgcaaaatatacggttaagcctgtggactattcggacaaacccgaagttcttgaaactcttaccaccgcacttgaacgcaagagatgttctgcacttggtggaattatgaaagagacctcacaacgcttgaagctcgaagacgcagaagacgaaaacggacttttggactgtaacgaaacattcaaagaaaaacttctgaaagacccaagattttcgctctatctgctttcttggaacatcggggcgaagtcttataacatcgaagcaatgaacaggcaagacggaagcccgacatattttgacccaaaataa
>gene_1174|replication protein, partial
cctgaaagtgctcctgacaactggcgtgatattcttgatgactatcattttgagtgggctgaaagtcctctgcatgaatttgatgtaaatccaactggcgaattaaaaaaagctcattggcatattgttcttgcttttgatggccctaaaagttatgagcaagttgcagaaatgcttgctccgattaaatgccctgcacctcaaaaatgccatgcattgaagggcgcagttcgttatatggcgcatcttgataatcctgaaaaatatcaatatccagtttcgcaaattgtccctcattgcggatttgatattcagatggcattacagccttctgcgtctgaaagatatgccctgattgctgaaatgacagattattgctctgaaaaaggaattgttgagttccaagacttatttgattatgcaaggcataatcgttatgacgattggtttccacttctttgcgataactgcgctttcgttcttgaaaagtacatacgctctcaaaggcacagacagccttcaggaagctttcaggacgatgaataa
>gene_55133|Replicative protein
atgtccgttttgcaaaatctctcccttgacaataatattataacacgcgaagatgcaaaagtcaagtggacggagaaaaaacacaaaaatttaacaatagctacaaaattcttgcgcctttcacaactcatagaagacggcgcagagcgatacttgacaaaaggcgaggacggaaaagcgtacctcgaacgcatccgcgcagaagaatacaaaaagagaggttacagaatgaagaattgctcgcgatttataactgtaagcgtatgcccggactgtcaccggagcgtcgcgtcctctgcgactctctgccgggacagagtgtgccccacttgcgcgtggagattgagcgcacaacagagcgcagaaatgttgcagacgctttcctatattagcgatatagaggactacacggcggtatttttaacgctaacagtacaaaactgcgcttgcgaccaacttgcgccaacgctcgaaatgatgtcgagcgcgtggaataggctactctcccggaaaaaaaaccgggaacttataaaaggaacggcg
>gene_6664|Replication initiation protein
atgactgataaaaataacgagattgtgaaaaagattgagaaaaatggtaaccgagtatctaatagccggttatcgtcacatgcctgtgtgcattttgaaatttcatttgaccgaatttcactagttggagatttagttgagagtgaagaattagcatttagtagctttatttcaaactctatttattttaatatttttgatttacacgctagccaaattaaaggccagtctgtcgatagtgtggtttattttgaatatgacaaatttaaagggaaagctcatgagagaagaaatatgcgagtagaatttaatcccaacaatttggatcaaaatttacgaaaaattattcgagatgaatttgtttctcgtatgaaaaatactggatttagtcgattagatttagcgtttgattgttttgaaaatatcaaagattattatgttttatctgatgctgcacttaagaaaacgataatttatggacgtaatggagagcctgaaaccaaatattttggctctcgtgatagcgatagatatattcggatt
>gene_29334|Plasmid replication protein
atggccaaaaacattaaaaaacgaaattgggcgttcgttctctatccagagtcggcgccagaggactggagagaacagctccagttgagtggtctgatgggagcgatcagtccacttcatgacaaagacatagatccaacgggggaacctaaaaaaccccactatcacatcattctggtctatggctcaccgacaacgtacaacaacgttaagtcatttacagattcgttgaatcaacctatacctcaagccttggaacaggtgcgtgggtattacagatacctgacgcacaaagacaatccagataagtatcaatatagcgatagcgatatcgccacgtttaatggcttcgatatatccgactttgtagaaataacgaagtcggaagtcaatcagatgaagtacgagctgctggctcttattcgtgaacagaagctctgtgagtaccaggagcttatggatctcgtccaggacacaatggacaaggcttattttgacgttgcaagtagtcacacaatattcttcaactcatacctcaagtca
>gene_1221|Plasmid replication protein
atggctaatcagatacatggttatacagtggtagggtatcctgaaagtatgccagatgactgttataacttgttaagtgctttgccgtccggcttttgctctgctttacatgaccaagatgtcgatgaggacggcataatcaaaaagccccatgtacatttcttcttccaaggtcgcctaaccaagaaacaaaaagagtatgtacacaaggctattggtgttagttacggggaagatgtcagaaatgcatcagcgatgtatgattatctgacacatgaaaaccaccccgaaaaataccattattccaaggacatcataaaatactcggctaaatggtgtcaagaattgtttgatagcatttacgagccaccaaaggcgaaaatggtggacttgataaactttatcgagataaatggcatcacagagtatcgagatttgttacaagcgatagcagacaaggaaagaatggagttgatgaaactcgcaagggaatactgggttatacggtatgtagacagtaagagaaatctgcaacgaggacagtaa
>gene_38417|Replication protein
atgggtaatatggtaccaaaaaatcaaaattcaacaactaaaattctcaaacaattaggaacaactgaatttattaatccacaaacaggagctgtagaaacatttgtatataataaattcgaagaaaaagatattaattttacgaaagtctggatgaaaaatttccttgcacaaattgacgaactagctaatcaaaaatttaaagttgccacctacatcatggaaaatacaagggacgataatatattcattggtactataagaggcataaccaagaaaacaggaattagtgattttactgtaagagaaacaatacaaattttaatatattctaatttcatgaaaaaaatccaaaatggagtttatatgataaacgctgatacaatgtttaaaggtcaaccaggtaaaagagtacgaattgtaaacgaatatgctgaactagatacacctcaaattgaaatctctaacgaacaaaaaaagaaaaatttaattaaaacaattgaacaattgtctaaacaattaaatgagctagaggaggaataa
>gene_15235|replication initiation protein
atgtcgaagctcaataattatcaaagagaccaaattaagaatgagcgatcaatgtctatttttaagcgtgatgatatgattcagaaagctcgtttcaagctctctgtccaggagcaacgagccgtactatatgcaattagcaaaataaagccagaagacaaagcctttgaagaatatacctttgaattaaaggatttttatcggctttgcggtattgaagatgaaagctatactcgactcaaagcaatattgaaaggtctttctgacaagagttggtgggctgagattgatgataaaggcactgaaagccttgttcgatggttttctacccttcgaacaaacaaaaaatctggtaaagtaacaattaaatttcacgaagatatggtaccctttctgctggaactcgtcgaacaacagaagttcttcacggcatatgaccttaaatacatccttccgatgagcagccaatatagtccccggctctatgaaatccttaaaagctatcagaaaaataatactcaatggttttttgaggttgat
>gene_9189|Replication protein RepA
atgaacaccgccctggacggcgatgcctcctacggcggtcggatcaccaagaacccgctgaaccctcagcacctgaccctctggggcgaggccgtctacagcctgcacgagctggccaaagccctcgacgagatcaaggcactgcctaccgctggaaacccccgcaagacggtccagacctccgtggtggggcggaacgtcagcctcttcgacatcacccgcaactggtcctacagcgcgattcgtcggcactggcacgctccgatgagcgagtgggagcgtgcggtgcgcacccacgctcaggaggtcaacgagaccatcgtggccaacgacttcaccgccgggccgctggcgttctccgaggtccactcggtctcccgttccatcgcccgatggacctggcggaacttcacccccgaggagttcaagcaacggcaggccgccgttgggcgcaggggcgcggcttctcccaaccacatcaacaacaagcgccgttccgcagtggaagcacgtcagcagatgatcctggagggcatggcatga
>gene_53348|Initiator RepB protein
acagcatacatcaaaggaactatcaaaactcttgcagataggtctttatggattgaaacagaagaaaagaaagaaattttgttcagatggattgaacaagcagaaataaacagggacaaagtaaccataaaattgcattattccttaaaaccctatttgatagaattgaaaaggcaatatacaacatattctcttttcagcgttttggcgatgaaatcaaaatatagtgtgcgcctttacgaacttttgaagagttacgcttttatagagcataagcgattttctatagaagaattaaaaataagactaggcgcagagaaatacagagatttttataagtttaaaacaaaagtgcttgttcctgcccttaatgatatagaacactatagtgatattaaagtaaaaacgcattatgaaaaaacaaaaaacaaatttacaggggttttgtttttcattaagcaactagaaaaaaaagaatactcagaacgatgggaaaatgttcttgataaaatagatggggaagcagaaggggacaaaaaataa
>gene_19741|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgggaaaacgcagtctaacgtacatcgagaacacccaaacgttaatcggatcgagaaaacgagaactggttgacacggaaactggtgaaacaattttggttgatcaaattacaaaacgcgtctacggaacacgacagttttggaaagtgtatctcatggattttttgatggttttaggaatcattgactcgaaacaagttgatgtttttatttacatcgtcgagaacaccgatccatctaaaaacattttcattggcacgtacaaaaaaatttccgacgaccttcaagtatcacagccaaccatcgctcgcatgtttaaaaaactccaagaaaacaacttcgttcgaaaaattcaaaacggtgtttggctcgtgaatccaaacatcttgatgaaaggcaacgatcaaaaacgtcaaatcctgctaagttatcacgagagtgaagaaccgatcaacgagattacagtatccagaaccaagcaaaaaatgatcgaaaccacacagaaacccgatcaaaaacagatcgaggaaaaagaagaatga
>gene_28509|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgaaaacaccacatactacaaagaaggttaaagtagtcggaacagaacgatatatcaatgcttcaacaggtgaacttcaagatatgcaagtaaccgacatcgaagaacgggactttaatttccataaagtttggatgcggaacttcatttcaacactcgaaatcatcggtaatcaaaaggcaaaagtctgcttctggatcatcgacaacctcaataaagaaaatcaactcttatatacctaccgcggaatatcagatgccacaggtattagtcttgatacagttaccaaaacaatgaaagtattacttgatgcagattttttacgcaaaggtgatgttggttatatagtcaatcccgatattttatataaaggcacaagaaaaggtcgaatgaatattctaaatcaatattacagtcagcctaaaacaccaatgactcttgatgaaaaaatcaaaaatatgcaacaaagtatatcaataatgcaacataaccttgatgatctaatgcgacaaaaggctattgaggagaaggaaaccacttaa
>gene_26170|Replication family protein
atgataaaagcgtgggatagaatttataaaaggaagccgttttcctctcactgcaaaggtgcaatccgtaatttagaggttacatattccaaaagtgaaaaaacctatcacccgcacttgcatattcttgcgttaatggataatgtgtactttagaaaaggcaattatattgaaacaggcgaactcgcacttatgtggaaacacgcacttgatgtagattatacacccgtagttcatatggaaagtatcaagacgtcccatgcgtgcgaaaatcctgtcctgtcggcttcgcttgaagtaatgaaatattcattaaaaacaacagattatgcaatcagcccgcgtgttacagaaacgcttatgttggctctaaaaggcagacgcttaatctctttcagcggtcttattgcacaggcccgcaaggaacttaaatttagtgatgtggaagatagtccacttacggacgatatatcagcagaggattgcagtgctcgcaaagttttatatttattcactccaagtgggtggaaaattaataaataa
>gene_7737|Recombinase
aatttttttgtagggcatgtggataaatttcacaaggctgatttgattggaatcggcaaacattatgaacggacggcagtagtttcaagtaatccggatattgactgggaacggacgaaagacaattatgttttaggggctgataagctgtcgttcgtacagcgtgtacgggagcgtgttaactctcgtaacaatacaacaggcacggaattgcgtaaagacgcagtagtggtatgttctgttattgttacggcttcgcctgatttctttaagggcttgagtaaggaagaacaacgcagattctttgaaactgctcacgaatggcttagtgatgaattcgggggttcgcatgtctgctgtgggggatttgttcatctcgatgaggaacaaccgcacatgcattggaccttcactccgctcaccaaatcggacaatcgtttgtgctgtaaagaggttgtcgataagttacggttacaacgcttacaatcggaactccctaaatatctgcgttcctgtggatttgatattgtgagaggtattgaaaatagccctcgcacgcacattgatacaaaggattggaagcgtgcggaacacatcaaaaacatggaagcacaagaggtaatagacaaggtaaacagtataccgacagaacaggaaaaaagcggtcttttaaggaagccgacaggacggaagattatagcgagcgaagcacttgaagaactcaaggatttagcaaaggcgaagccgtccaactatcttgaagaacgcaggaaacatgcggaagaactgcgtgatttacggaatttgaaaacagataacgcaaaacagttgaacaagattaaggaattgataaaggaagccgatagacaggcggatgagcttaccgaaagggaagcgaatatcagagaagaagaagaacggcaaaaagccgaaggacaacaacttgctgattacaggaaatggttggaagcccaggacaaaagcctggcacttcataagctcgaagatgaaacaaaaagggaagctgaaatgctgaataaaagggaagcgtatttgcaagggcttttgaaaacgatagaagaacgggaagctaaacagcaagaatgggaagaaaaagtaaaaagatattatgaggaaagacggattaacgaagttagtccgtcgcattgggaagccgaagccatgaaaacgctgaaagccgaaaatccgaaagaatatcaaaggcggattaccgaagaaagaagaaaatcacttgaaaatagccataaggctgaacagcagaaagaacagcaaaaaggtaagcaaaaaagcaggtcgttatga
>gene_21646|Recombinase
atgaatttttttgtagggcatgtggataaatttcacaaggctgatttgattggaatcggcaaacattatgaacggacggcagtagtttcaagtaatccggatattgactgggaacggacgaaagacaattatgttttaggggctgataagctgtcgttcgtacagcgtgtacgggagcgtgttaactctcgtaacaatacaacaggcacggaattgcgtaaagacgcagtagtggtatgttctgttattgttacggcttcgcctgatttctttaagggcttgagtaaggaagaacaacgcagattctttgaaactgctcacgaatggcttagtgatgaattcgggggttcgcatgtctgctgtgggggatttgttcatctcgatgaggaacaaccgcacatgcattggaccttcactccgctcaccaaatcggacaatcgtttgtgctgtaaagaggttgtcgataagttacggttacaacgcttacaatcggaactccctaaatatctgcgttcctgtggatttgatattgtgagaggtattgaaaatagccctcgcacgcacattgatacaaaggattggaagcgtgcggaacacatcaaaaacatggaagcacaagaggtaatagacaaggtaaacagtataccgacagaacaggaaaaaagcggtcttttaaggaagccgacaggacggaagattatagcgagcgaagcacttgaagaactcaaggatttagcaaaggcgaagccgtccaactatcttgaagaacgcaggaaacatgcggaagaactgcgtgatttacggaatttgaaaacagataacgcaaaacagttgaacaagattaaggaattgataaaggaagccgatagacaggcggatgagcttaccgaaagggaagcgaatatcagagaagaagaagaacggcaaaaagccgaaggacaacaacttgctgattacaggaaatggttggaagcccaggacaaaagcctggcacttcataagctcgaagatgaaacaaaaagggaagctgaaatgctgaataaaagggaagcgtatttgcaagggcttttgaaaacgatagaagaacgggaagctaaacagcaagaatgggaagaaaaagtaaaaagatattatgaggaaagacggattaacgaagttagtccgtcgcattgggaagccgaagccatgaaaacgctgaaagccgaaaatccgaaagaatatcaaaggcggattaccgaagaaagaagaaaatcacttgaaaatagccataaggctgaacagcagaaagaacagcaaaaaggtaagcaaaaaagcaggtcgttatga
>gene_17182|Plasmid replication protein
ttgacaaatctttttagttgtgatataatcattttaaaggaggtgaaaaagatgtatcaaaaagaatattcagagaacgcgaacgtcaaatacataagtaagtcgaccagatatgtagatgagaccggcgaacacgagatgacagaaaccgaagtatacaagaaatactacggcggagcacacttttatagagtatggctgtcagatctcctgtatcaccttaacctcataagcaactcgcgtcagcttgatgtactgttctttatgctcgataatgtaaacggtgacaatctcttcatcggcacgaatagagctatcgcagaagctacaaaggcaagtacacaaacggtaaaccgtatcatcaagaagatgattgaagcagaccttattaccgtcaagcaaagaggcgtttatatggtcaagcccacgttgcttatgaagggtgacaacgttcgcaagcaccgattgactatcgagtacgagaatatcaagaaaacccagcaagagcaaacgaccatcgatgaattcatcgacgagaagtaa
>gene_30507|Plasmid replication protein
atgtacaaaaaagagtattctgaaaatgcgaatatcaaatacataagcaagtcgaccaggtatgtagatgagactggcgaacatgagatgacagaaaccgaggtatacaagaagtactacggtggagcacacttctatcgtgtgtggttgtctgatctgctgtatcatctgaaccttataagcaactcaagacagcttgacgtgctgttctatatgcttgataatgtaaacggagataatctctttatcggcacgaatagagctattgcagaggctacaaaggccagtactcagaccgtgaaccggatcatcaagaagatggtcgaggccgatctgattaccatcaagcagagaggcgtttacatggtcaagcctacgctgcttatgaaaggtgacaatgtccgcaagcacaaactgaccattgagtacgaaaacatcaaaaagacccatgagcaaatgaccatcgacgatgtagatcctgaagcgtga
>gene_49826|Plasmid replication protein
atgtacaaaaaagagtattctgaaaatgcgaatatcaaatacataagcaagtcgaccaggtatgtagatgagactggcgaacatgagatgacagaaaccgaggtatacaagaagtactacggtggagcacacttctatcgtgtgtggttgtctgatctgctgtatcatctgaaccttataagcaactcaagacagcttgacgtgctgttctatatgcttgataatgtaaacggagataatctctttatcggcacgaatagagctattgcagaggctacaaaggccagtactcagaccgtgaaccggatcatcaagaagatggtcgaggccgatctgattaccatcaagcagagaggcgtttacatggtcaagcctacgctgcttatgaaaggtgacaatgtccgcaagcacaaactgaccattgagtacgaaaacatcaaaaagacccatgagcaaatgaccatcgacgatgtagatcctgaagcgtga
>gene_44687|initiator RepB protein
atgacccttaagggaaaagaactggttgaaaagcggaatgtgctaaatgaaatgcgaagcaagggaatgacgcttcaagaggtgcgttttctttcgatttatctgtcaaaaatcaatgcaagggatattagtagccgtgtcgtgcggttcccaattaaggactttcagcgcattatggagattaagaaagtgaccatagagcatttcaaggctataacgaggtcgcttctctctaaagtcgtagaagtccctttagagcgtggaggatataccgctttccagttgttcaaggaatgtacggtatcgcaggagaacggcgaatggtatgtggagatcgacgcgcacgataaagctttaccgttgttctttgagttcaaagaccgttattttcactatcggctatggaatgcactacagctaaaatcggcgaaccaaatccgaatgtatgaaattttgaagcagtacgagacagcagggcagagggaactaacagtctcggaattgcgtggattgctcggtattgctccgaacgaatatccg
>gene_2492|Plasmid replication protein
tttgtcctatatccggaaagcgctcctagggattggcgggagcaattgcaattgacgggattgcaatgcgctatcagcccattgcacgataaggatataaacccgacaggagagccgaagaagccgcattaccatgtgatactttgctacaatggccctactgcatataacgtagtcaaggcccttacaaatgggaagttgggccagacggtaccgcaggcattggagcaggtgcggggatattaccggtacctgacgcacatggacaaccccgaaaagcatcagtatgatgccaaagacattgagaccatcaatggctttaacatatcagatcatgttgaccttacgaaatcagagtgccttacactgaagagaaatatcatgcacctgatccgggaggccgggatttatgagtatgctgatttgctggatctgctgaacgattcggatatgttggccgagctagatattgcaatgaacaatacgttgcttttccgtgggtacatagagagccgccgccaccagaggcaaaagacggaataa
>gene_37761|Conjugal transfer protein TraD
atgcgtaagtgcgcacttcgtgagttcttcgcacgcttgcagcataccgtcaagcctgatagcttgcccttggaggtacctgctatgaagaaacagaagactcccgaagaactcacgaccgagtttgaaggctggaagaaaaagaggggggagctgctgttgaagctctatcaggagaaggacgcaaaagagaaggccggaaaggatatttcgaccgtccgtacaaagattgatgagcttcagacggagattgcccaaaagaaagcccaactggacaggcggcttgttcagctctatgcgcaaatctgcaaggctggagcatcctcagatgccaaaaaggaacgacaggaaaggacgcatcatctgtgcaatcttggcgggcttgtggaaaaggcaaggctgggagaactggaaccggctgccctgctcgggatgctgcttcaacaggcggactttctggcgagccatccgggggtagtcgagacttggactgaacgcggaaaggcggccttgaacgagccgttagacaaagcagctcaatga
>gene_34795|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atggcagacaaacacttagagtacatacaggacacacaaaccctagtaggtagcagaaaaagagagttacttgatgtagagaccggagagcagatttttgtagaccaaataactaagagagtatatgggtctaagaatttttggaagtgttatcttatggactttcttacagttctcggaattattgacagtaaacagcttgatgtttttatattcattgtcgaaaacacaaatcaaggaaataatacatttataggcacatacgaccatatttcaaaagaagtaggagtatgcaggcagaccatagcacgaattatgaaaaagcttcagactaataat
>gene_21055|RepB protein
ttggtgtatccggaaagcgctccggatgggtggtgggaactcttgaaatcgtctcatggaagctacgcctgctcgccactgcacgagccagacgatggcgagtcgaagccccactatcacgtgatgtataagcatcctaacacggtgaccattgaagcgatgaaacgtgtgataccagcatcagttccagccaatggccacgtggagctttgcaacgctgctaggaactacatgaggtatctgcttcatcttgatgatgccgacaaacagcagtggtctggaaaccctgaagagctggtgcggacgtgcaacgggtttccgctggacttttcaagggatttcagcaagagcgagttggatagtcagcgtagacggattttcgagattatcagggaacacggaatcactgagtatgccgttctgcttgatgggctgatggacaacggcatggttgacctgttcgacttcgcctgcaatcacacgcagctatatcgcggatatttggcatcggtaaggggaagtttgcttgacgagcggtag
>gene_4841|RepB protein
gtgtatccggaaagcgctccggatgggtggtgggaactcttgaaatcgtctcatggaagctacgcctgctcgccactgcacgagccagacgatggcgagtcgaagccccactatcacgtgatgtataagcatcctaacacggtgaccattgaagcgatgaaacgtgtgataccagcatcagttccagccaatggccacgtggagctttgcaacgctgctaggaactacatgaggtatctgcttcatcttgatgatgccgacaaacagcagtggtctggaaaccctgaagagctggtgcggacgtgcaacgggtttccgctggacttttcaagggatttcagcaagagcgagttggatagtcagcgtagacggattttcgagattatcagggaacacggaatcactgagtatgccgttctgcttgatgggctgatggacaacggcatggttgacctgttcgacttcgcctgcaatcacacgcagctatatcgcggatatttggcatcggtaaggggaagtttgcttgacgagcggtag
>gene_7011|RepB
atgggtaagacaatcaaagaactggcagatgaaatcggtgtcagtaagacagcgatccggaagtatatggatgatgactttaaatcagcctatacaacaagggaaggggagaagggacctgtcataatatctgacgagggtgtcactatcctgaaggagaaatgcaagggcaaacctaccgcaaaccaagaaccagaaaccaccacaaaccaagtagaaaccactggaaaccctgttgattctgaacttcttagcatcttacaaggcgaattagaaaccctgaataaacaacttgctcagaaggatgcacagctcgccgagaaggacagacagatccaagaactgaccgagtccaacaagaacctgagcgccgcaaataacaagctcacagactcactacaggcagctcaggctctcaacgcagcagataagaagctgctgcttgaagcaacaacaaggaaatcattctggagccggatatttggtcgtaagaagcaaccggttcaggcggaacagccgaacacagaaacggtaacataa
>gene_21338|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
gtggcccgaaagaaaaagattgttgatccggactacaccggaatcggatctcgtcctgacaatgcagttgttcaaaaatcaaaaccgttatttgccctgacagaatcaaatttaactttgcctgagcttaaaatcttggatgtgttcttgtccaggatcaacagtcatgatccggataaaacatctgtgatgttcgagcggggcgaactcgaaaaaattctttgtgttacaaagctgaatgagaaagatttggatttaagacttaagcatcttttcacatcaatcaaacttacagacgaggatgatccaaggggatttgtcagaattggattgatgtctcgtgcagaagcaaaccaagacgaaaatggccagtggcaggttttgctgaagtgcacaccggacgcaaaaaaatacattttcaacatcgaaaatctcggttatttgaaatataggctagctttggttgtcaatttaacgtccagatacagttatacaatggttctgtatctgctggacaaccgttaccgcgaatcatgg
>gene_19525|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgttagatatagcaacggcattgtctgcctatgctgatgaagtacattatatggatttttacagagatatattccctgtgggaagttttgaagaaaaaggagtatatgaagacggtaagtataacgggattgctgtatctgttggagagggcaagaataaaaccaaacgttacacaataacggatgaattggatgcgatagatgaaatggcgcaggcggatgatttttgtcttatgagtccaataagttacgctggaaagaccagaaagtcaatgaatgcaaggtttatgtatgctttcacgattgaccttgatggggtggaaaatctggcacagtggcagttttttataaaacagatagaggatggggataaaatgcttgcgtttgtgtggggattaccaagaccgacatatttagtatcttctggaacaggcatacatctttactatgtgtttgagaaacctatcccattgtttaagaatattgtggagcagttggaacacttgaaaaggcgtatcacttggcaggcatggacacaaggagcatcctcattgcatgaaaaggtacagtatgagagtttgtttcaggggtttcgagttgttggtacaataactaagacaggtggaagatgcagggcatttagaaccggagaaaaggtgacgatagaatacttaaacaagtatgtaccagaagaatatagggtaaaggattttacttataagtcagaattattacttgctgatgctgaacaaaaatatccagaatggtatcaaaaacgtattgtagagggcagaccaaaggaaacatggacgtgcaaaaaggatttatataattggtggatacaaaagataatgtcaggagcagaacaaggacatcgttattggtgtataatgacccttgcaacttatgctaagaagtgcggagtatcacgtgagaagctggaaaaggatgcgtatggacttattccgttcttgaatactaagggggataaatttacagaagatgacgttctgcgtgcgttagaagcctatacagatagctatataacctatccgattgatacaattgtaaatagaactggtattccgataaaaaagaataagcggaatggaagaaaacaggaagctcatttgtaccttgcaagacgtagaaaagaagatatgaaaatcattggagaaacggtaaatgagggcagaccgaaggggagcggaacagcggagcagacagtcagaaaatggcaggagagccatcctgaaggaaagaaagcggactgcatccgagagacagggttgagcaagccaactgtttacaagtggtggaaataa
>gene_41312|Replication protein
atgaacataaaaactacaaacaaaaaaattgatccaaactcattaaaaaatgcagaatttttagaaaaaattctgcgtggtgttgaatcagtagataataaagaaatttcagtaaatgtaaaatcaaaaaaatacaaaccaaaaggggcatttgtcataatgtttacaggagtaacattagaattaatgaaccaattatcatttgcagaatttaaagttctattggcatactctcattttatgcagtatggaaatcaaatttcaatttctcaaaaagatattggtgaatatatcggtatggctcaatcaaatgtagcaagatgtctaaaacaccttaaagatttagggataatctatactccaaaagatgctccaaattcgctatatatgaatcctggctacattgcaaaaggagatctagctcaatttaaagaagaaatagaaaaatttgaagcgataattgaagctgataaaaaacgaaaagaacaagccaaaatgcttgaaaataaaaacgccaaaaagaaaaaaggcgatttttaa
>gene_16729|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtccggtgacggcgtagttgctcacaaccgccgtacctacttcgcagaaaacgttgacccgacccgtacacatctgaatatcgaatactgctacacacccatcgagcaggcgtatcacgaattgttcgatgaagctctggcagagttcaacgcaaagcaaaaacgaaaagaccgctgcatcgaaaactactacgaaaaaatccgagatggcaaacaggaaaaaactttttacgaagtgattttccaaatcggcaacaaagacgatatgtgcgctgctggagaaaatacagagcttgcaaagaccgtcttggacaagttttaccgcagcttccttgaacgcaatccacagctccatgtattttcggcgcacctgcacatggacgaggcaacgccgcatctgcacatcgacttcattccgtttaccaccggaagcaagcgaggtctgtccacccgtgtttcgctgaaacaggcgcttgccgatcaaggcatcacgggcgagggacgatctctgacagagcgtgatctgtgggtacag
>gene_4135|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgcgagcagactatataccggaagacaggcaacgcaggatcagagatcgccttggaaccgtcgataggctgatttgggacgtatgcgtggaaaccggaacacgtatagacgatgtgctcgacctccggaaatggcagatacatgacgggaagatttacgtgttggaatcgaaaaccaaccacaaacgggtaacatctgtttcgcccgaactgtatcagcgactgagagagcacacggcaaagcgccacgtgttctcttttgtttttccgggacaactgaagaaacacaggaaacggaagaagctcaaccgctcgactttctggcggcacatggtcaaggcggcgaaggaatgcggatacacggaggaacagtatacacctcattccctccggaaagtgtacgcagtgagactgttccagaagactcggtcattggaagcggtcaggcgtgatctgggacatacacacctgtcaacgacaatgctgtatgcgtggagtgaccgtgtaaacgaactggggttgtattga
>gene_32422|Plasmid replication protein
atgtctgagaaacagtctcggtgcttcatcggcatcctttacccggatgcggaaaattatgtttgcaatgatgttcttgtgcggctgcatgatgcttttagggacgttgcttatatcgttcacgatatggacgttactgaaaacggagagctgaaaaagccccatatccattgggtaggtaagcgggattcccccgctcccctttccaccatcgcaaatgccctgaaaatcccggcaaatgatatcgagtttgcgaaaaattaccgttcgtccttgcggtatctggtccacctggacaacaaggataaataccaatattccccggaagcagtgaaggcgaatttcccttatgtggatgtattgaaggatagagtagaagctatgaaagcgaagatgatttacgattatattcactataacccttgcacggtggattccctctgtgcctggtgcttggaaaatgacctgtggtctgagtttcggcggaattttgctttgtggtcaaacctcctgcgagaggtccaatattatgaataa
>gene_26156|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgccgaaaataaagcaaagtgttgaaacaatggttataaatgataaaggagaaatggttacaaaaagagcaaataaaacattatcttggggagaagaaccgaaatatatcaagttgtatttgcaagatattatgtatatgtcagacatgccaaaacaatatgcagcattaacagcttgtttactaaaaagaatatcttacgcaggtgatgaagatggattatgtgttgtacttgtaccaagaattaaaaaatccatttgtgacgaaatggggtggaaaagaatatcatcactcgataatgcactgcaaaaactattatccggaaaaatactatacagaattgacagaagtatgtatcaatttaatccctatctatttggaaaaggtgattggcaagatataagcagattaagactagaaataaactatgatgagataaaaggtaaaacatttaaaactgtatgcgaatacaaagaaaatcccaaaaatgataaaataatagctggtcagatgatatttgacttgaataccccttaa
>gene_16628|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgattgattgggtaacaatgaagatagcatgtgaccacgttggtattatttctaatggctcagtcgtcaaagtctccaaagataacgaaatagaatggacttccttgtcatggttgcctgttgctggttcgcatgattcaaatatcgttattcgttcaatctctgatagtcagttggaaatatccggtaatcctgctaaatggctgcaaggtcataatctattcggtacaaacgatttaaacgcgctgtgttgggctttcttttctaaactatgcactatcaaagaattatgtctaacgccgtctgtggagcagattagagccattaaagagggtttatttacagtatctagggttgatggtaacgaaacatggttgcttgctaatagatttgaggttttatcttggatacgctcagcagaacaaaaagttaggctcaaacatcgtggcactggtcaatttaaaggtagcaccttgtattggggtaaaggctctaagcgttggttcttgaagtgttactctaaaggagaagag
>gene_2603|Chromosome partition protein Smc
atgcaccatgacaaatgcagcgtcggaaacgctgctggaggcaggaacctcctcgaccacgacaagcgcgagagggactgcgagcgaagcaacggcaacatcgaccgcgagaagagccacctcaacgtcgactactcagcacggccgatgagcgcatccgacgcctgggaatatgcctgcgagcgcgcacaggagtgcagcccgaggaagctgcgcgacaacacgatcgtgatgtcaatggacgttatacatttgccgaagaactggagcgatgtctatcccgaccgcgaccccagcgagttcttcgaaaatgtcgccctcccgttctgccgagatcggtggggaggcggtgagggcaatccgaacgagataagcgccgtcgttcactacgacgagacccgcatcacgggacgcgagggaatgccccatctgcattacaaatcggttcccgtaaccgacgaaggaaggctctcccacaaagacatctacgatatcagggcgatgagggatcttcacccgagcctttcgaagttcgccgaagaccgcggatacccgggtctcgacctttacgaccaggaacggtccagagcgcgcgaacaggccctgagcatgcccgaatacaaggaagcccagcgcgagatcgaggagatccgcgagcgattggagtgtcttcggcaagacgaaagagagcttgttagggagattggaggcctacaacgatcttgcgacgaggcgcttgagcgatgttgcgatgctcgagacgcgcgcatcgaatgccaagagcgagttgacggccttgaaagggagagaggcgagtctgaggctcaaactgaaggccttgagcgagaaagagacgaatatgaaacgcgagttgaaggccttgagaaagagagagcggacgttgttggaagaattgacagcatcgaatcgcgaattggagagatcagagaacgagttggagagattagagaacgagttgcggacatctgctcgcagataagggatcgtgccgagcacgccctggaacgcctccaggaaaggttccagaaggtgttcagcaaggtcgacgacctggaggacaggtctgagaggctccaagagcgttcctacgagacatccgactacagagaggcatacgaacttcgcgacgaggcacatcggctcgaccgattggcggagagggccgtgggccgcatggccgacgaatacgtgaagctcgacgatagggaggcgtacagggtcaaccacggcgtgttcagcagatcgtggctcgagaacgtgggttggatcgaccggacgcggcgggacgaacgccatcct
>gene_43122|Replication protein RepB
gtgtatcctgaatcagctccggagaagtggatggatattctttctgcggaatgtataccggcattcattagtccaattcacgataaggatattgaccctcagaatcaacctaaaaaagctcattatcatgtattgttgatgtttgagggtaagaaatctaatgatcaggtgtcgcagatcttcgcgaagattggtggcgtaggtcttgaaagagtcaattcaatgcgtggttattctaggtatctttgccacttagataatccagaaaaagcacaatatagtccagaggatgttcgctcactgggtggagctgattatcatgcagccattggtcttccaacggataaatataaagccatcaaagaaatgatggcgtggtgtaaggagcaaaatgtatatagttatgctgtattgctagaatacgcctcagaagaacgttatgactggtttagagtgctttgtgataatggaaccgttgtagtgaaggaatacttaaaatcacgcagctggacagatggaaaaagaacagaagtctga
>gene_38651|Rep50
atgagtgaaaaaaaatctagtacaagtcgtacaaggaactttgcgtgcgttgtttacccagaaagtgcacccgagaattggcaagaaatattatcagatttacacgttcctgcgttcatttcccctttacacgataaagatatcaataattctagtggagagcctaaaaaagcccattatcacgttatgattatgtttgatagtgttaagactagagaacaagcctttgatatatttgaggctattggtggagctgttgaccgtgaaaaaaatcacggcttagaggttatacagtcgcaacgtggttatgctcgttatttatgtcacttagacaatccggaaaaatatcagtacccacaagaaatggttagacaattatgtggtgctgattatactacaacgattggtcta
>gene_896|Rep50
atgagtgaaaaaaaatctagtacaagtcgtacaaggaactttgcgtgcgttgtttacccagaaagtgcacccgagaattggcaagaaatattatcagatttacacgttcctgcgttcatttcccctttacacgataaagatatcaataattctagtggagagcctaaaaaagcccattatcacgttatgattatgtttgatagtgttaagactagagaacaagcctttgatatatttgaggctattggtggagctgttgaccgtgaaaaaaatcacggcttagaggttatacagtcgcaacgtggttatgctcgttatttatgtcacttagacaatccggaaaaatatcagtacccacaagaaatggttagacaattatgtggtgctgattatactacaacgattggtctagtgactgataaatataaggcaatcggcgaaatgatggactattgcgaacttaatgacatatat
>gene_54583|Rep
gtgccaaagctggacgtaaggggaacatgggttcagacggaacgggctgcccatgaggcgtggtcggctctgatcggacgtaagccgaaagcggcccagctcatgcatttactggtggccaacatgggcaaggacggcgcagtcgtcgtcagccaaaccacgctggcttccctgatggacgtaagcctgaatacggttaaacgatctctaaccgtgctatcccaagaatgctggatcgatgttgtccgagtgggtagtgagcgcggcggagtgaatgcttacgtcgtaaaccggcgtgtcgcatgggcagataagcgcgaaaaccagcgctatgcagcattcgacgctcgtattctggtcagtgaagccgaacaggatgctccaatctcagatgagcggtctcaactgcgtcagttgccctccctgtcaccgggagacatgcagcttccgcacggcgaaggtcttccaccaccaagccaaaaaccacttgtagatgccgacctgccaagcattcctcgcgaggagcaattggattga
>gene_7359|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
gtgcctacaatcaaacaatcagttgaaacatcagtactcaatgagcggggcgaatttgtcagcaaaagagccaaccaaaccctttcgtggggttcagaacctgcctacataaagttatacctgcaggacgtcttgtatctgtctgatatgcctaaacaccatgaaaagatactctatgaactgcttaaaaggtctacatacgcaggagaaaaggacggtatgcaagtttgcttatcagcaggaatcaagcgtatcatatcaaaggaattaggcttgaagaacgataggagcataaacaatgtcttatcagaccttgtaaaaggcaagatactgtaccgtgtggaaacgggagtttacaacttcaatccttggctatttggcaagggcgattggcaggatatcagccgcctgcgacttgaagtaagctatgatgacatcaaaggcaagacctttaaaactgtatgcgagtacaaagagaacatcaagaacgaacaaaatccagaacctgtagaaaaacctgcagagcaagcaggataa
>gene_14509|recombinase
atgcaggagctattagaaactcaatacagaaaggacgagattatggcatatacaatatcaattcatcatggtggtggaaaagctaatcgaggacacaatatcagagaagcccatgccatcaaaaaccaagaccatatagacaccacaagaccatgtgaggtatggcgagacgaaacagaagcgagtgcatacaagcgactgttcggtgaggctaccgagagatacaacgcaagccaaccgagaaaagagcgaaggattcgctcataccatgccgaggtggaacgcaatgcaaagatgcacacttcctatgagtgcatcgtgcagataggcaaccgagacaaccacctcgaccccgagactgagcgagctattcttgaacgcttttatcaagaatgggaagccaggaacccgaacctcgagctctatggggcgtacttccacatggacgaagagggcgggaaccacctgcacctcgactacataccagtggcacacggctatgagcgtggactggacacgcaagcaggacttgtgaaggctttaggcgagcaaggcttcgtgaagcgtggcaaggtaacagctcagaccatgtggcaacaaagagagaaccaggctctcgagagcatttgtcgagagtatggtctcgaaatcgagcacccgatgcgagataaccccgagaaacagagacaacacatggaaacacagcaatacaaagcaacagctcaactcgaagagaccctcgaagctgtggaacagaacaagagagacgctgcatatctgcaggggcgaatcgaggtgaaggaacagcaagaggcttcgctcgacaaacggataaccaagaaggaaaagaagctggatagcctcgaaggttccgtcaaagaggctaaacagctcaagaaagagcgaaagccccatttctggtctcgagatgagataaccatagactacgcagaataccaacgcttacaaaagaccgcaagggcggttgagagcgtgcaggaggctcaaagagccgtcgaaacgcaagaagccgacctttaccacagacaacagcaaatacagcccgatttggacgaaatagcaagggaaaagaagcgacttcgacagaaggaagctgatattgaccgagctattgagagacgagccgaccaacagaccaggcaacgcatccaagagatactgcaaggctcatccgacagctacacacaacgcctggaagacttcgtctcacagttcaagctcaaaggtgagaatatgctcgaggtattccaggctcaagagagagaactcagaaagagcctgagtagaggttgggaacggtaa
>gene_19418|Firmicute plasmid replication protein
gtgccagtagtagtagaaaaacctacaaaaccgaatgaaatgtcattcaatcaaagagaaagagatttaaagctccagaagcaagaagaggagcaacaggaagccaagaaacataaaagcccattcagtgctttctatcaggtcaacaagaaacattcaaacgacctcatgtggcttgtaaaagctaacgctaacgcttatagaatactacttttcttgtttgaccatatggacaagtacaacgcggttatgtgtagctataacgtcttagaagaagccttagaaataagcgaatccacagtaaaaagagctattaaagttcttaaagatcatggattcatctacatctataagagcggcacaagtaatgtatacgttacaaatcctgaccttgcatggaacagctggggaaataacgtcaaatactgtgagtttcctgcaaatgtcattatttccgcatctgaacaagcagaacgagaaagaatctataacaaacgtgtaaccaccgtccaaacaaaaaatgacaaggaggcataa
>gene_31256|replication protein
atgcttaaggcgtgggataggttatataagcgcaaaccgttttcccaatattcacttggcgcaatacgcagctgtgaagtaacatataatgctgaaaataatacatatcatccgcatttacacatattgatgcttatgcgtaatagctattttgcggcaagcaatataatagatacgtataagttggctgttttgtgggaacacgcgctgcaggtggattatacgccggttgtatatatgcaggcaataaagccgcgcagcattggtgctgatgagaaaatagatgcagtacttgaaactataaaatacagcttaaaaacaaaggatttttctatttcgccggatgtaacacgtgtgctgatgaatgccttgcgcggcaggcggcttataagtttttcaggtgttattgcaaaggtgcgcgcagaactaaaagcaggtgatatttataatgatttaaacgactatgttgccgcgcctgcggcgcgtagcatactatattcttttagtgcttcgggttggaaaataattgaacgttga
>gene_20534|Plasmid replication protein
gtgagaggggtaatttttgaattctatgttacggaggtattctatcaagtgaaacagcaaaagtctattaaaaagcgaaattggggctttatcatgtatcctgagtctgccccctcagattggaagtccattttagaaagtacaggtttaatgtgtgccatatctcctttacatgataaggatgtttggtctgctgatgatgaaaagaaaaatgctgctcataaggcaggagatttaaaaaaggctcattatcacgttttactccattttgatggtcctactactgaatcagctgttagagctgtagctgataaagtttttggctcttttcctgttgcagttgagagtttgaaagggtcatatgattatttatctcatgaaaataatgacgataaagcaaagtattctaaagatgatattgtctgtctaaatggttttcgaattgaaaatcttactgagttaagtaaagacgaaattctgaagataaagaaggacattcacaagataatcattgagctggatatcatggagtat
>gene_8877|Replication protein
atgtctaggatttatgcgtttgaagttacttcaagattggagtattttccagacagtctaaaagatgctttaaaagactggtgtaataaaaataattatcagttcgctacaataatacatgataaagatattaagcataatgatgaaacaaatgaagatgaaaaagtagagaatcatagacatttcatagtgaatacaaaatcatctagatggacttttcaaatgttattacaacgttttgaggctataggattgaaaaatactatgcttcaaaatgtaagaaagggatggaataatgctttatcgtatttaacgcataggactgaaaatgcagttaaggagggaaagcatttatatggattgaatgaagtagaagcaaactttgattatattaaaacaattgagattatagagaatcaagtagaagaaaaaagaactcaaattgatgaagtattagaagcaatatttgatggaagatgcagaaggtataattatacaaaatttttaggtggtattgattatacaaaaaaaggg
>gene_13812|RepB-like protein
atggaacacggaaagaccgtaaagcaaatagcagaggagttgggtgtcagcaagcaggccgtccaccagaaacgaaagagtaaacggttgttggaaacattacagccgtttacgacaacgattgacggcgttgtttacatagccccggagggtgaaatgctcttaaaacaagcttttttgaagtcagaaacacctacaccgtcaactgtaaacgacaacaactttacagccgtttacgacaacgttgacggtagtgttgacggttcggaacacccgctttacgctattttgagggaagaactggccgcaaagaatcggcagatcgagcaactgcaggcccaagtttctgagctgacccaggccaacaaggccctggctaacagcatcaacgctgaccgggcaaacgagcttgccggcacgatcagggaaatgcttccggagggagaacaagaagaggaagctgcagctatcgaggttaagcttgaagaggagcccaatagcttttggtcgttcttcagacgcaggaggaaataa
>gene_39363|RepB protein
atgtcaactagaagaaatttggatacaagagaaaatgtgaaggtagtgacttcaaataactttgtacgtgcgtgtggtttggagcatactacactaaaagcacgtaagttgttgtatcttgctattagtcaatgtaaattaaatgatgaccatttttacgaatataagatttctgctcgagattttgcagacttaatgcaaatagtacctagtcacgtttatgaggaagcggatagtataacggatgaattaatgaaaggctttattaaatacgttccagaggggaagaaacgttttaaaaaatttcatctatttgagaagtgcgagtacacggataattcagagatagtgtttgaacttcatcgtgagatgacaccgatttgtttagacttgaaaaaagattttagtcagcctttgctttcagattttatgcgtatgcgtagtaattattctatgattttatttcatttttttgtaatgaaaatgaagaaatatccttctacaaaacgtatcgagttctattgtacatta
>gene_28993|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagataattttgtcgttgctagagttgataaacatactcgctcaagcattaaagggatacaaattcataacgatagaaaagcgaagaatcacaagaatgttgatgtcgttccagaaaggacccacatgaatgtagagctgattccaaccagaggaaaaaagctctatactcaagtctttgataaaatggttgaagacggaaagattagcacagcagggcttaaagctgatgcttatattttcaacgagattgttcatgatgtgaattcagaatactggctttcatacaaagagcatggcttcaagtctccagaggagtttgccatggcacattatcgtgactgcttgaagttcgataaagagaaatatggtgaggatcagattatttctgcggaaattcatttcgatgaaatcaatcagcctttaactaagaagtatggattcccagtttatcactatcacatgcacgtggtggccataccgacagttgaaaaggttaagctgtggagtaagcgctgtaaggatcca
>gene_5271|Plasmid replication protein
atgggtagagaattaacctttgcaactatattatatttagaacatcatacaagggcagaatatattgatatgatacaacaaacacacttaaaagcatatttaagccctgtacataatgatgagggttgcaaagaacatatgcatttgatgatattctttgatgcagtaaagagtgaaaaacaaattaaacaagttattgatttagttggtggagtaggaaaggaaaaaatattaagcaacaagggatatgctcgttatttgtgccatttggacgaaaaaggaaaaaatatatataatatagatgatgttatggaatttgccgatataaagcactataaagactatatcgaaacagaaaatgggcaagacgataaatttgtgttaatactccaacttataaaagaatataatattattgaatttgctgatttgatagactttgcacttgaaaatgataaagatttattaaaggttatcaagagtaatgcatatatattgcgtgagtatatgaagagtaaatattttcgtaaatag
>gene_32962|MobN1
atggccaagacaggaatacacatcaagccttgcaacgtccgctcagtagaagcccacaatgagcgcacacagggctacattgagggcgtaaagaggtcgggcagaagtctgtacttctttcccgaattgtcccacctcaaccaaagttgggaaagtccggcgtaccaaggcaagacgtgcgccgacattttcgaggagctgaaagccctctacaaatccaagaccggacaggagccacagctcaaggacaaaaagcgcatcaacaagaagaccggcaaggagttcaccatttcgggatggtcgcccatccgtgagggggttgtcccaatcgaggagggaacaagacttgaagacttccgaccagtcaaacaatgggcggaagtgaacggtttgcacatcatacgcatcgacctgcaccacgatgagggctatagagacggcgttaccggcagtatgaagcacaatcaccacgcccacatagtctttgactgggtcaaccacgcaactggcaagacagtcaagattggggcggacaagatgagcgaactgcaagacgttgtggccaccgccctgcgcatggaaagaggggaagccaaagccataaccggcaaggaacatttaaccgttgagcagttcaaggaaaagaaagcagttgaacacgtcaaggagctgaaagccgaggttaaaaaacttagtgtagccaaagaaggcaaaaaaatggccgtagaagccattcggggtctcttgggacagagtaccaaggataggactataaaatgccttacagagcaaaagaaagcccttacagggcaaaataacgcccttttggaagagaacacaaaactaaagcaggacagagaggcgtggaaaatagcagttgcatctcagattgcgacagaagccaataaaaaaatagccacagccatgaaacgcgaaaaagacttgcgcagctcattacgtgaggctacgacagaaagagacagagccaaggacgaagttaagagacttcagggaagaataagcctttggcatagg
>gene_45247|MobA
atggccaagacaggaatacacatcaagccttgcaacgtccgctcagtagaagcccacaatgagcgcacacagggctacattgagggcgtaaagaggtcgggcagaagtctgtacttctttcccgaattgtcccacctcaaccaaagttgggaaagtccggcgtaccaaggcaagacgtgcgccgacattttcgaggagctgaaagccctctacaaatccaagaccggacaggagccacagctcaaggacaaaaagcgcatcaacaagaagaccggcaaggagttcaccatttcgggatggtcgcccatccgtgagggggttgtcccaatcgaggagggaacaagacttgaagacttccgaccagtcaaacaatgggcggaagtgaacggtttgcacatcatacgcatcgacctgcaccacgatgagggctatagagacggcgttaccggcagtatgaagcacaatcaccacgcccacatagtctttgactgggtcaaccacgcaactggcaagacagtcaagattggggcggacaagatgagcgaactgcaagacgttgtggccaccgccctgcgcatggaaagaggggaagccaaagccataaccggcaaggaacatttaaccgttgagcagttcaaggaaaagaaagcagttgaacacgtcaaggagctgaaagccgaggttaaaaaacttagtgtagccaaagaaggcaaaaaaatggccgtagaagccattcggggtctcttgggacagagtaccaaggataggactataaaatgccttacagagcaaaagaaagcccttacagggcaaaataacgcccttttggaagagaacacaaaactaaagcaggacagagaggcgtggaaaatagcagttgcatctcagattgcgacagaagccaataaaaaaatagccacagccatgaaacgcgaaaaagacttgcgcagctcattacgtgaggctacgacagaaagagacagagccaaggacgaagttaagagacttcagggaagaataagcctttggcataggacttggactggagccaaggaagccgttaatgccattctgacgttagcctccgatagcctaaggcggacatttaatcgtgatgaggtcgtagcaatatctacagccatgggagaagataatgacagcgccacgaggctggctttaggagatgagttaatagctttagccaagtcacagaccaaaaacgtcacggcaatagggagaattgatagtcaaagacaggaggttcaggctattgcagctcatcaatgggtagaacaatcccgagggtatggacagcatttataa
>gene_37013|MobA
atggccaagacaggaatacacatcaagccttgcaacgtccgctcagtagaagcccacaatgagcgcacacagggctacattgagggcgtaaagaggtcgggcagaagtctgtacttctttcccgaattgtcccacctcaaccaaagttgggaaagtccggcgtaccaaggcaagacgtgcgccgacattttcgaggagctgaaagccctctacaaatccaagaccggacaggagccacagctcaaggacaaaaagcgcatcaacaagaagaccggcaaggagttcaccatttcgggatggtcgcccatccgtgagggggttgtcccaatcgaggagggaacaagacttgaagacttccgaccagtcaaacaatgggcggaagtgaacggtttgcacatcatacgcatcgacctgcaccacgatgagggctatagagacggcgttaccggcagtatgaagcacaatcaccacgcccacatagtctttgactgggtcaaccacgcaactggcaagacagtcaagattggggcggacaagatgagcgaactgcaagacgttgtggccaccgccctgcgcatggaaagaggggaagccaaagccataaccggcaaggaacatttaaccgttgagcagttcaaggaaaagaaagcagttgaacacgtcaaggagctgaaagccgaggttaaaaaacttagtgtagccaaagaaggcaaaaaaatggccgtagaagccattcggggtctcttgggacagagtaccaaggataggactataaaatgccttacagagcaaaagaaagcccttacagggcaaaataacgcccttttggaagagaacacaaaactaaagcaggacagagaggcgtggaaaatagcagttgcatctcagattgcgacagaagccaataaaaaaatagccacagccatgaaacgcgaaaaagacttgcgcagctcattacgtgaggctacgacagaaagagacagagccaaggacgaagttaagagacttcagggaagaataagcctttggcataggacttggactggagccaaggaagccgttaatgccattctgacgttagcctccgatagcctaaggcggacatttaatcgtgatgaggtcgtagcaatatctacagccatgggagaagataatgacagcgccacgaggctggctttaggagatgagttaatagctttagccaagtcacagaccaaaaacgtcacggcaatagggagaattgatagtcaaagacaggaggttcaggctattgcagctcatcaatgggtagaacaatcccgagggtatggacagcatttataa
>gene_41179|MobA
atggccaagacaggaatacacatcaagccttgcaacgtccgctcagtagaagcccacaatgagcgcacacagggctacattgagggcgtaaagaggtcgggcagaagtctgtacttctttcccgaattgtcccacctcaaccaaagttgggaaagtccggcgtaccaaggcaagacgtgcgccgacattttcgaggagctgaaagccctctacaaatccaagaccggacaggagccacagctcaaggacaaaaagcgcatcaacaagaagaccggcaaggagttcaccatttcgggatggtcgcccatccgtgagggggttgtcccaatcgaggagggaacaagacttgaagacttccgaccagtcaaacaatgggcggaagtgaacggtttgcacatcatacgcatcgacctgcaccacgatgagggctatagagacggcgttaccggcagtatgaagcacaatcaccacgcccacatagtctttgactgggtcaaccacgcaactggcaagacagtcaagattggggcggacaagatgagcgaactgcaagacgttgtggccaccgccctgcgcatggaaagaggggaagccaaagccataaccggcaaggaacatttaaccgttgagcagttcaaggaaaagaaagcagttgaacacgtcaaggagctgaaagccgaggttaaaaaacttagtgtagccaaagaaggcaaaaaaatggccgtagaagccattcggggtctcttgggacagagtaccaaggataggactataaaatgccttacagagcaaaagaaagcccttacagggcaaaataacgcccttttggaagagaacacaaaactaaagcaggacagagaggcgtggaaaatagcagttgcatctcagattgcgacagaagccaataaaaaaatagccacagccatgaaacgcgaaaaagacttgcgcagctcattacgtgaggctacgacagaaagagacagagccaaggacgaagttaagagacttcagggaagaataagcctttggcataggacttggactggagccaaggaagccgttaatgccattctgacgttagcctccgatagcctaaggcggacatttaatcgtgatgaggtcgtagcaatatctacagccatgggagaagataatgacagcgccacgaggctggctttaggagatgagttaatagctttagccaagtcacagaccaaaaacgtcacggcaatagggagaattgatagtcaaagacaggaggttcaggctattgcagctcatcaatgggtagaacaatcccgagggtatggacagcatttataa
>gene_35011|Mobilization protein
atggccaagacaggaatacacatcaagccttgcaacgtccgctcagtagaagcccacaatgagcgcacacagggctacattgagggcgtaaagaggtcgggcagaagtctgtacttctttcccgaattgtcccacctcaaccaaagttgggaaagtccggcgtaccaaggcaagacgtgcgccgacattttcgaggagctgaaagccctctacaaatccaagaccggacaggagccacagctcaaggacaaaaagcgcatcaacaagaagaccggcaaggagttcaccatttcgggatggtcgcccatccgtgagggggttgtcccaatcgaggagggaacaagacttgaagacttccgaccagtcaaacaatgggcggaagtgaacggtttgcacatcatacgcatcgacctgcaccacgatgagggctatagagacggcgttaccggcagtatgaagcacaatcaccacgcccacatagtctttgactgggtcaaccacgcaactggcaagacagtcaagattggggcggacaagatgagcgaactgcaagacgttgtggccaccgccctgcgcatggaaagaggggaagccaaagccataaccggcaaggaacatttaaccgttgagcagttcaaggaaaagaaagcagttgaacacgtcaaggagctgaaagccgaggttaaaaaacttagtgtagccaaagaaggcaaaaaaatggccgtagaagccattcggggtctcttgggacagagtaccaaggataggactataaaatgccttacagagcaaaagaaagcc
>gene_52224|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepA
cagcggtggcaagcctgttgcgttgctgtcggcctgccatcacctgacctgatccacggatgcaccctccaggatggcaccaaggcggcccgctatgcgtccaagtggggcatgccggaggaaatgaccaggggccacaccaaaaaagcccgcaagggctctactcccttccagcttcttcgcgaagtgctcgaaactggtgacgatgcccccgccaccctctttcgtgagtacgccaaagccttcaaggggcggcgccagcttcactggtcccatggcctgcgggatcttctcgcaatgggggccgactctcaggatgagagtattgccgccggtcacgacgagccatctacctggcttgccaatatccccgccgacacctggcgcgctatccgaaaagcagacgcacgcgcccaggtgttggaagcggccgaaaagtcgctttccgatttaatggccattctcgcgacattcacccctgcgccttccgtcataccctcgatctgtcaggcttgcctgacaggcgggggttga
>gene_34114|Conjugal transfer protein TraD
atgaagactccagaagagctatctcaagcctttgaacgatggaaggcaaaaaaaggggaaaagctgctcaagctctatcaggaaaaagcggcaaaggaaaaatctggggaaattttcgctccagtcagtgagcgtatccatgaaattgaaaaggaaattgcacaaaaaaaggcgcatctcgatcgcaggttatcacttctctatgcccgcatttatcgcgctggggcatcttctgccgcaaaaaaagaacgccagaaacggacacaccatctttgcaatctcggcggcctcgtcgaaaaggcaggattaggagagcttaaagccgctgcacttttaggaatgctgattcagcaagcggaatttctggcaaacaatccgggagtgcttgatcgctgggaaaaacgcggagaagaagcgttgaatacgacagaagaatag
>gene_36649|Conjugal transfer protein TraD
atgcgtaagtgcgcccttcgagattttttctcacgcttgcgccatgccgtcaagcctgataatggcggtagaagaaacaccataggaggaaagaatatgaagactccagaagagctatctcaagcctttgaacgatggaaggcaaaaaaaggggaaaagctgctcaagctctatcaggaaaaagcggcaaaggaaaaatctggggaaattttcgctccagtcagtgagcgtatccatgagattgaaaaggaaattgcacaaaaaaaagctcatctcgatcgccggttgtcgcttctctatgcccgaatttatcgcgctggggcatcctctgccgcaaaaaaagaacgccagaaacggacacaccatctctgcaatctcggaggtcttgtcgaaaaggcaggattaggagagcttaaagccgctgcacttttaggaatgctgattcagcaagcggaatttctggcaaacaatccgggagtgcttgatcgctgggaaaaacgcggagaagaagcgttg
>gene_54304|Conjugal transfer protein TraD
atgcgtaagtgcgcccttcgagattttttctcacgcttgcgccatgccgtcaagcctgataatggcggtagaagaaacaccataggaggaaagaatatgaagactccagaagagctatctcaagcctttgaacgatggaaggcaaaaaaaggggaaaagctgctcaagctctatcaggaaaaagcggcaaaggaaaaatctggggaaattttcgctccagtcagtgagcgtatccatgagattgaaaaggaaattgcacaaaaaaaagctcatctcgatcgccggttgtcgcttctctatgcccgaatttatcgcgctggggcatcctctgccgcaaaaaaagaacgccagaaacggacacaccatctctgcaatctcggaggtcttgtcgaaaaggcaggattaggagagcttaaagccgctgcacttttaggaatgctgattcagcaagcggaatttctggcaaacaatccgggagtgcttgatcgctgggaaaaacgcggagaagaagcgttgaatacgacagaagaatag
>gene_7033|Replication protein (Fragment)
gtgaaaggaggatttcaaaaggtggaagataaaccaaagaggcgttggcaattgacggagaataacgcaacttttaccaaacaagagtgttgcgaaggtttggcgaaagtcgcaactacaatttattgtattgcgggacatgaaaaaggcgaaagaggaactgagcatattcatgccttcgttatttacaaaaatgccataagcctaagttctttgaaaaaggcttttccgcgtgcacattttgaggcttgtagaggctcaaacattgaaaaccgcgactatgttgtcaaagacgacaaagagccgtttgagagtggcgaaatgccactcggcaatgagtgcaaagcgaaaagaaatgttgcaagcgagattttgactttgttgtacaatggcaaaaacttgtacgaggttatggcctcggacgaggatttcgctgactacattgtccgcaatttcaaaaacttacaactaattgaaaaagaagtacaaagccggcactttgttaagtggaaacaagaacaaaggaaatag
>gene_15876|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgcctactataaagcaatcggttgaaacttctgtgcttaatgaacaaggcgaatttgtcagtaaaagagccaatagaacgctctcttggggttctgaacctgcttacattaagttgtatttgcaggacgttctttatctttctgatatgcctacaaaacactctgcaatactttatgaattgctcaaaagagcgtcatacgcaggcgataaagacggaatgcaagttattatcaatgccagccttaagcgtagaatcaaggaaactcttggttttaagaatcttagtagcgtgaataatgctattacagactttgtaaaaggcaagattctttacagagcagatgtcggaatgtataacttcaatccttatttgttcggcaagggagattggcaggatatcagcagacttcgacttgaaatcaactatgatgacatcaaaggcaagacctttaagactgtttgtgagtacaaagaggataaggacggacagcttgccatggatttacaacctacaggaacagaaggttag
>gene_31272|DNA integration/recombination/invertion protein
gtgcagagacaaaaccaatggattcccccgcgcgagtatgccaacatcagacgcctgctcgatccgcgcatggccgccctttgcgacctgttgcggacaaccggataccgcgttgatgatgtgcttcataccacggtcggagactggcgcggcgatacggtgacgatcaaggaagctaagacgggcaattgtcgcacaattacgatctccgagcaggcaaaaaatgccattcatcggctgttggcgtaccgtccgaccgctccggacgatgaaccgatgtttcgggggatgcggcatcgccccggtgatcgtccttggctgcatcggtcaaccgtttaccgccgatttacgtctgcggtgattctggcgggctataaggggcgtggatataccgtccattctttgcggaagatgtacgccagagaccgttacaacgccacgcagagccttttggaggtgcaacgggacatgggacatcggaatatatccgtcaccatgtggtatgtctgcggttcggaggtaaatttatag
>gene_37786|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcactttacggaattgcgagatgtgagaaaagaggttcaacagcggtcgggggtatcgaagcagagaacaatcgggatgcagaccatccgatcgatttgccatcgtctgaaatagactggcagaaaacgaaagacaacatacatcttgtccgcagcgatgattggacgcaagcaataaaggacaagatagcagaccatgggattacgcgtgtccgcaaagatgccatccccatgatcgacaccatctatactgcgtctgcaggattcttccagcagcgcgatccggaagagacagtagactacttccgtgactgcctggaatttcacaaggccagattcggccaggataatgtgatcaatgcggtgatccatcttgacgaatctggagctcctcacatgcatgtgtgccatgtgccgatcgtggatcgtggtgatcactatgcgctgtctgcgaaagagcagatgggtaaccgggcaacctactatgaattccaaaatgcgttctatgagcaggtctcctcacgctgggagctggatcgtggggagacccgggatccggcggagcgtaagattcacaaagacacgctggactataagattgagacccggcaggccaagctcgatcagcttgaagcagatatagccgacaaggtagaccgcgccaatgagatcttggatgtgtctgagagtatcagtcgtgacatcagggagaacaaggagaccctagaacacctaaggagagagtccaacatcatagaacataagattgatgcctcaatggatcgcttgtccagtataggccgtctggaggccttaatcgaccgattccgggatttcgtggtcgaccggatcgaggcgctgcgaggaaaaatcgatgatgttatatcgcggttggaagcgagg
>gene_57019|Putative replication initiation protein
gtgaaaacgttgaaattaacggtacgagagctatctgaagagctcggaattaccaagcaggccgtgtttaatcacataaaaagaaaccctgccgacttcgaaggtcatgtggaaaagcaggggaatcagacgtatatcgatgaggttggccaggaatacatacgtcaaaagtcatatggtcgccctcaatctcaaattactgatcagacagtagttgaagaaagagatcagctgcttcgggaaaatagtgttctgaaggatagagtaatagcattgcagacagaattgttggcatctgcgcaagccttggctcttgcaaatgagaatcagaggctcttggaagaaagccggataaatgttaagcagctaatggaagtaaatgaaaaaaaagataaagagattagcttgcttgaaggatttatccaggatgcgaaaaaagaaattagggagcttaaaaccgaaacgtctgaatctcaaaaagaattaaaccgttttcaaccgttgtttggttcgttttataggagaaagtaa
>gene_27942|Putative replication initiation protein
gtgaaaacgttgaaattaacggtacgagagctatctgaagagctcggaattaccaagcaggccgtgtttaatcacataaaaagaaaccctgccgacttcgaaggtcatgtggaaaagcaggggaatcagacgtatatcgatgaggttggccaggaatacatacgtcaaaagtcatatggtcgccctcaatctcaaattactgatcagacagtagttgaagaaagagatcagctgcttcgggaaaatagtgttctgaaggatagagtaatagcattgcagacagaattgttggcatctgcgcaagccttggctcttgcaaatgagaatcagaggctcttggaagaaagccggataaatgttaagcagctaatggaagtaaatgaaaaaaaagataaagagattagcttgcttgaaggatttatccaggatgcgaaaaaagaaattagggagcttaaaaccgaaacgtctgaatctcaaaaagaattaaaccgttttcaaccgttgtttggttcgttttataggagaaagtaa
>gene_48899|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
gtgcgaacagattacatagacggacaggagctggagctggttctggctctgctgatggaccagaaccggctcatctgtcagctggcattgaccaccggcttacgaatcggagacgtggtcagcctgcgaactgatcagctgatacccaggccaaccatcagagaagccaagacgaagaaggcccgccgggtctacatcccggcggatctccttcgccgcatcaaggcccaggccggggagacctgggcctttcccggagccaaggaaggacagcacaagaccaggcaggcggtctgggctgacatcaagagggcggccaaggcatgccgcatgccctccaacatcggcccgcacacgttgagaaaggtctatgcagtccgcaagttccaggacaccgggggagacctcagagccgttcagagggcactgaaccacgatgaccaggctgtgaccatgctatatgccatggccgaccacctgagccgtcagagagcggcagagggcggcaggaaccgcagacggagaaggtga
>gene_6029|Recombinase
atgagctatgtagttgcgcatttgcagaaatttaaagctgttgatgttcgtggtttgcagattcatattaatcgtgagagcaaaaacaacaaaaataaagatgtggctaatgagagaacaaagttcaatttaaatttgctggatatggaacagagaccaggcgaatttaaattttattcacgggtacaagaaaaggttgagcaacgagcaaacaataaaacaaaattgagaaaagacgctgtcacgatttgctcggtagttgtgtctgccagttcggattttttcgataacaaaacacgcgagcaaatcgacaattattttcaggacgcgtccgattgtctgtgcaaattgtacggagtacaaaatgcaattggggcatatattcattatgatgaatcgactccgcacatgcactttctttttgtgcctaaaacaagagagaacgagttgtgtgcaaaaaaagttgtgacaagagactcacttcgcaaactgcaggacgagttacctcgttacctgcaggagcgtggtcacgatgttcaacgtggtgtcaaggattccccgagatatcatgttgatacttcgcactggaaacgtgacgagctcatcatggaagcaacgaaagaaaaagtaattgcgtcagttgaacaagtcaaaccaaccacagagaaaattttttttcatgagactggtaacgttatcgttccgagagaacagttcgaaaatgtattgtctgttgcaaagcaatctgttcatttaatcgagaacaagtccgagttcgagaaacgagttcgtgaaattgaaaaacaaaaagaagaattgaacgctctcagtcaagagttggacgagcaaagaaaaaaaattttaagtgctgcaaaagagcaacaaaaaaaatccgaagagctgctggccgtccaacaaaagttggacgatcagcagcgtgatttaaacagctataaaaaagttttggaagtgcaggacaaaaatttgcagctcttaaaacttatcgatgacaatgaacacgagaaaaaaatgattgagcaacaaaaacgcaaactggatttggaaatcgttgcattacataaagaacaagagcaagctgtcgaacgagtacacgaggcggcgaagcgcgctgtgatgaaagaattgaatgaggtcgagtcaacgtactgggagcgcaaggcaatagcaaagataaagaaagagcgtccagatatgtacgaaaaaataatcgaccaagcaaagagagaggcatacaaaaaatcgagggagcgtgcaggtcgagagtacgaaaagctcgaggaacacgagcagaagaaataa
>gene_40447|Rep protein
gtcattgagttccaggacaaaaacggacggggtgcagttcactaccatgtgatatgcaatctgccgtacatcaagaaagctgaacttgaatctttgtggggtgctgggttcgtcaaaatcaaccggatagacaaggtcgacaatgtaggggcttacgttatcaagtacatgactgccgacatggacgacacccgactttgcgggttgaaagcgtacaaccatagccggggtcttgaagaacctttggaggttactacgtggagtagtagcccggacgagtggagggctttacatgaggcccttgaaaagcaaacgccctcgtattttgcagaatacgagagcgaaggtgcgggccatattgagtacttgcagttcaacatgaatcgaaccgagtatatcaaacggccagcgaaaaagcaagagggaatgtaa
>gene_44008|Rep-related protein
atgtccttcgacatacgagatgtcaaggggtgcaacgcttacttcaaaaaatgggtcatgcggatgagataccgctttcccgagttcaagtatcttgcggtcattgagttccaggacaaaaacggacggggtgcagttcactaccatgtgatatgcaatctgccgtacatcaagaaagctgaacttgaatctttgtggggtgctgggttcgtcaaaatcaaccggatagacaaggtcgacaatgtaggggcttacgttatcaagtacatgactgccgacatggacgacacccgactttgcgggttgaaagcgtacaaccatagccggggtcttgaagaacctttggaggttactacgtggagtagtagcccggacgagtggagggctttacatgaggcccttgaaaagcaaacgccctcgtattttgcagaatacgagagcgaaggtgcgggccatattgagtacttgcagttcaacatgaatcgaaccgagtatatcaaacgtccagcgaaaaagcaagagggaatgtaa
>gene_27420|TraE protein
atgaaagaattgaaagcgccggataaggttacgcagaaaatgacccacgacggtgcggtaacggaaaaccttgccacgggtgaggtaacgaatatcagtcagcgtgaggcagaggtggacttgtccgcttcatcggaggaaccggcaagcgcagcggtcgatctggcggcacgtgcggcggaacaccatacccatctttccgcaaaaaaacaggcgaaggccgacgatatcaaggaccttctttcctctccggagatcgagaatatctttgaaaacagcgattttgtgtaccttctcaaccaggcaagcggagaccgcaagatactttgtgagcgcctgaatatctctaatcaacaggcggcgcatatctcaaacgcgggacccggacaggggttaattttcttcggcaacgtgatcctgccattcgtggataacttcccgaaggataacgagctctacgccattatgactacaaagctgtccgacattgcggacggcggaggaaaagacaatggcaagcaaagttaa
>gene_814|Rep50
atggagaagctggagcagacgcatattgcggcgatggtgtcaccgctccatgcgcttgacacgctccccacgggcgaggtcaagaaagcgcattaccatgtcctgtggcgctacgatggcgtgaaaacgccagcgcaggcgcaagaggtcgtgtcgctgatcggcggcgcgggcgcggttgaggtagtcgcagactaccgagggtacgcgcgttacctctgccatcttgacagtcccgacaaggcgcagtatagcgccgacgaggtcaagtgcttcggcggtgccgattgggcggcagtcgctctgagcgaagcggagcgaactgacgccacacttgacgagatcgaggactggatcgacgagacccattgcatcagctacatagggctgtgccgctatgcaaggcgggagcgtccagactggacgcgtacggtgcgcacgcacaccgtccatttgagcgccctcatccgctcggcgtactgggagcagacgctcggcggtgacggagatgggaggtcaatatgctga
>gene_45042|Rep50
atggagaagctggagcagacgcatattgcggcgatggtgtcaccgctccatgcgcttgacacgctccccacgggcgaggtcaagaaagcgcattaccatgtcctgtggcgctacgatggcgtgaaaacgccagcgcaggcggaagaggtcgtgtcgctgatcggcggcgcgggcgcggttgaggtagtcgcagactaccgagggtacgcgcgttacctctgccatcttgacagtcccgacaaggcgcagtatagcgccgacgaggtcaagtgcttcggcggtgccgattgggcggcagtcgctctgagcgaagcggagcgaactgacgccacacttgacgagatcgaggactggatcgacgagacccattgcatcagctacatagggctgtgccgctatgcaaggcgggagcgtccagactggacgcgtacggtgcgcacgcacaccgtccatttgagcgccctcatccgctcggcgtactgggagcagacgctcggcggtgacggagatgggaggtcaatatgctga
>gene_31439|Replication protein B
atgacagtcaaagaacttgcagatgaactcggcgtatcaaaaccaacgataagcaaagcaatatcagagcttggcttgcagggacatctaaccaaaatcggtaaccgatttatcttggaagaatcggaaatcgaagcgataaaatcgaaaatattgcaaagcccaataacgaaagaatctccaaaaacggaaagtgaaaacaaaaccgaaacgaaagaaacgcaaaatgaaacggaaaaatcgctaatatctttgctggaatcgcaaataacgattttatcagaacaactctcacagaaagacagccagattaacgctctgacctctgccctagccacgtcacaggagcaactcaaagcacttacagacagcttacaagccactacaacagcacttacagccgcacaagcacttcatgccggcacactgcaagaacggcttacagaacagtccgacgatgtagaaccagaagtttctcagccaaccaccaaaaagaaaaaaagcattctcaaaaaaattttcggttga
>gene_9204|Replication protein
atgcaaattaatccaaaatatcaaaataacccagcctttaacaaagcgctttcagcgtattctgaagtcacgtctgcaaaaaaatcaggtggccttggaacatctacgatatcatgttccaacattgatattaaacaagaaaaaaattctgctgattatgataaacgtcaaaatcatagatcatacgtctatgctttgagagatcgtgcaagcgatattctgtatgaaccaaagaaattgctaaaagaacaacatagggtttgtgcatgtggtaaacataaaagagattctgaacaaagtgtttcagcgtcaattaacacgtcaacaggcgttgcaagcctgaataatgttattcattgtgggtctgtctgggtctgcccttcgtgtagtttcaaaatttcacaagagcgaaaaaaagaattagcagaagccatgaaagcatgtcgtggcaagggtttgcatgttgcaatgctaactttgacagctccgcattacatgggcgacaacctcaaagaactattgaaaaacatgggtaaggctaagcactcattatggacaaatagaaactcaagagattacttcaaatcgcaaatgccacttgttgggcacattacagcaacagaggttaagtacagcgacaacaatggttttcatccgcactaccatattcttttgattttggataaaccgtataaggctgaagatcttgaaattattgaatctgacttgtatgaactatggtctgagaagtgtgtgaagcaaggacttggcaagccgagtcgtaagcatggcgtggacttaaaaatgggttcaaatgctgaagatatgcttgctgactacatcgcaaaatggggacttgcagaagaa
>gene_15916|Rolling circle replication like protein
atgcaaattaatccaaaatatcaaaataacccagcctttaacaaagcgctttcagcgtattctgaagtcacgtctgcaaaaaaatcaggtggccttggaacatctacgatatcatgttccaacattgatattaaacaagaaaaaaattctgctgattatgataaacgtcaaaatcatagatcatacgtctatgctttgagagatcgtgcaagcgatattctgtatgaaccaaagaaattgctaaaagaacaacatagggtttgtgcatgtggtaaacataaaagagattctgaacaaagtgtttcagcgtcaattaacacgtcaacaggcgttgcaagcctgaataatgttattcattgtgggtctgtctgggtctgcccttcgtgtagtttcaaaatttcacaagagcgaaaaaaagaattagcagaagccatgaaagcatgtcgtggcaagggtttgcatgttgcaatgctaactttgacagctccgcattacatgggcgacaacctcaaagaactattgaaaaacatgggtaaggctaagcactcattatggacaaatagaaactcaagagattacttcaaatcgcaaatgccacttgttgggcacattacagcaacagaggttaagtacagcgacaacaatggttttcatccgcactaccatattcttttgattttggataaaccgtataaggctgaagatcttgaaattattgaatctgacttgtatgaactatggtctgagaagtgtgtgaagcaaggacttggcaagccgagtcgtaagcatggcgtggacttaaaaatgggttcaaatgctgaagatatgcttgctgactacatcgcaaaatggggacttgcagaagaaatgacacagtctcacatgaaagtgggcaagaaaaatttgtctagtttgactatgtgggaagtcttggatttatctcaaatggaagcaagcactagagataagtattcatatattttcagaacttatgctcatgcgttcaaaggcagacgccaattattctggtcg
>gene_6557|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atggcacagtgtttacatcctcgtgaaattcctaaccctctgtttcatgctagatttcataaaacagggggtaaggaagatcgtactaaacctattttgcccggtgaaaatacatggagtaaatacattcaggttccttgtggtaagtgtcttaactgtcgcaccaatcgccaaaatgattgggcttggcgcatggaagtcgaatatcttgatactttgaaaaaaggtggttgtgcttactttattacatatacatatgatgataagcatattctaaatgtagtaaatcctgatgaatctgagcagcctactctatacgttccggatgttcagaagtttcataagcgacttcgtaaagcaggtattaaatttcggaattttacgattggcgaatatggaggtactttttctagacctcattatcatggtatgtatttttttccggatgaagttaagccttctgaagtacatgatgaatttttcgataagtggcttaaatgtgaacctgaaaggttgtctgtagat
>gene_48083|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgataccaaaacaatctacagttacaagtaaaaaagtaaagtatgtaggaacagttccatttatcaatggcatcactggtgaagttgaagagatggaagttcaaaatattgaagttaaggactttaatttcaataaagtatttatgaaggaatttttattttcattagaccagttaggtaataaaaaaattcaaacagccacatatatattagagcacgcagatagtaataatgtattttatgcaagaatagaagatataaagaaagatactggtttttcaaatcagacaatagttgaaactataaagatacttcgagaggctaactttatgcgtagggaatatgcaggtaaatatattataaacccagatattattgcaaaaggctcacatcaacatagacttaatatttgccataaatacaacgcaataaatgcagacaaaataccaaaagaacaagaagttgcaaatcttaaaaaaatgataagcaaactacaaggtcggctagataaattaacacaagagtaa
>gene_26653|Putative rep protein
atgggaacaacagaagaaaaagacccgtcaaaagaagataaggattttgtcaaaatgtatcgtaaatttattaaaagcatttcagatttgtcattaacaaatcctacagcattgaccatattacttttcttggtgcgtaatatggacggatttaatgcaataggagtatcaaccagtgtaattggacaaatgacaggatttagccgacaaacggttagcaaggcaatcacttacctaagagataatgggtggcttgaagtgtttaaacaaggcacgagtaacatatatgtcattaatcctgatgtcgtttggacgagttatgccaatcaaaaacagtattgcaaaatgaaaggctcaatacttctctcatctgatgacaactgggaaatatgcgaaaacccgaaagctaaggaccattataaattcattaataccgaatatataaaccaatattatcagcaacaacaagaaagagttgctcaaaatgctttaaaatcattaagagaatcaggggaaaataatggctaa
>gene_14030|Putative rep protein
atgggaacaacagaagaaaaagacccgtcaaaagaagataaggattttgtcaaaatgtatcgtaaatttattaaaagcatttcagatttgtcattaacaaatcctacagcattgaccatattacttttcttggtgcgtaatatggacggatttaatgcaataggagtatcaaccagtgtaattggacaaatgacaggatttagccgacaaacggttagcaaggcaatcacttacctaagagataatgggtggcttgaagtgtttaaacaaggcacgagtaacatatatgtcattaatcctgatgtcgtttggacgagttatgccaatcaaaaacagtattgcaaaatgaaaggctcaatacttctctcatctgatgacaactgggaaatatgcgaaaacccgaaagctaaggaccattataaattcattaataccgaatatataaaccaatattatcagcaacaacaagaaagagttgctcaaaatgctttaaaatcattaagagaatcaggggaaaataatggctaa
>gene_53731|Putative rep protein
atgggaacaacagaagaaaaagacccgtcaaaagaagataaggattttgtcaaaatgtatcgtaaatttattaaaagcatttcagatttgtcattaacaaatcctacagcattgaccatattacttttcttggtgcgtaatatggacggatttaatgcaataggagtatcaaccagtgtaattggacaaatgacaggatttagccgacaaacggttagcaaggcaatcacttacctaagagataatgggtggcttgaagtgtttaaacaaggcacgagtaacatatatgtcattaatcctgatgtcgtttggacgagttatgccaatcaaaaacagtattgcaaaatgaaaggctcaatacttctctcatctgatgacaactgggaaatatgcgaaaacccgaaagctaaggaccattataaattcattaataccgaatatataaaccaatattatcagcaacaacaagaaagagttgctcaaaatgctttaaaatcattaagagaatcaggggaaaataatggctaa
>gene_50906|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atcgttcccattatccagtccttctcgcagctcgacaagaactacggtaaggaaggcgcggagatcatcgtggacaacacccagctcaccatcttcggtggcttcgctcccaatagcagctccgcagaggtgctatccaaagccctgggcagtcgtaccgttatgtcgggatctgtgtcccgcagccgaaatgatccctctgaatccttgcagatgatcgaacgacctctgctcacccccgacgagctgaaatcccttcccaaaggccagttcgtggtgatgaaaacaggtgttcatcccatgcgagtcaagctgaagctgttcttcaaatggggaatcgaattcgacgaggacaatccctatgccgtacccgaccacggcggtcgagaggtacagtatgccgagaagaaggagatcatggacggtatccggtatggatgccgcatccttcggtcagaacgcctacttctacgatgcagccgaaggtctgcttacagcgacgatcctgctcgtggcagagttctgtga
>gene_19872|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggctgtgaatactatcgaaacagagcaagacctgctacgagaccgcacgagggtggtctacgaaagcgagcgcacggtgacagacgaggcaagcggtgaaatcctgcggcgagaacgcgaggttagccgccggagtagcgccgagcccgattatataaaggtgtactacagagccatgatggcagtgcagggattagacgatatcccgctcaaattcctgctcgcgctgtccgcgcaaatcggattttccaataacgagcaggttatcttctataacaatagattaacgcgcacggcgattgccgcatactgcgatgtaacggatggcatggtgtcaaaatacatccgacaagctgttaatcgtgggttattgttccccctcaaaggatatcgcggagcctacgaggttaacccttggctaatcgcgaaaggcaagtgggagcacatcaaggagttgcaggctagtttcgagtttgtgggtggcaggtggtgccgcaaggttgtgagcgatgatgatacagattga
>gene_29355|MobA/MobL family protein
atggaattatatctcgacgtcaaacctgtcggcaaaggttcaaaaggtagaaccgcctgtggttcggcagcttatcgaagctgtgataaaattgtggacattaatggaatcacccacaattttaaaaacaaaagaggccatattgccggtggcatcgagttaccggttggagctccttcggaactgcgcaacccacaagtcctttggcaacgtcacgatttaaaagaaattcgcaaagacgcacaaatctaccgtgaggttgttgtggcccttccgaacgagttgccagatgaagcttgtgttgatattgtgaaggacctttcggcagtattaacaaagatgggtatgtgtgttcaatgggatattcataacccacatgaccctaaattcaaaaaagataatactgctaaagaggaggaggctctgaacgagcacccggagaacaaacacggacatctgatgctcaccttgagagaacttttgccagacggtacctttggaaagaaagaccgcagctggaataaatacaacggtggtcttaacctggctgacgaactacgcccaatagctgcgcagttgatgaacgaaaaacttgagctttacggcaaagaaaaaagagtagagtatcttagctatatcgagcgtggtgtcaacaagcttcctcagatcaaagttggtgttgcgggtaccaacatcgatagagatggccgcacgtcatatcgaaaagctatgaacgaagttataaaacaaatcaacgctaaagaagatattagtttggttgagagacaaaaaatgttgcacgaagcccgtatgtctttagcaaacattggctcagagccagaaagaaaaccaagcttgttcgatcaaattaacgttgctgaagaagaaaaagaaatcaagatagaaatgtctgtcgataaagagagagcagacatcgacggttattacaaagaaattcgagagtttaatcaaaagatcttcgacctgcgtaaagagaaaaaacaaaccgataaataccgcaaagcgctgtacacctacaacaatctcgtcggcgataacaatcttactgccgagcagaaggatgagttgaattgggctgcaggctatcttaaatttgcccttgaggttgaagtgcctccttcgaaggaagaagttaaaactttaatagacgaagcacgtaaacgtaatactgagcgttgcctcggtatttatgctgcagaaaaagggaaacggcaggcgcttcagaatatcgaaatttcaaaaagtaatatcgagtacatcaaaaatccaggtcgatttgttgtcgaacctgagctttaa
>gene_31865|Rep
aaagaccctattgtgtattgccccaacaccaaaaatagccatgcacacccccattttcattgcatacttatggttaagccgtcctacttcggtaaagggtatttaaagcaactacaatgggcggaattgtggcaatcgtgtttaggggtagattacttaccgcaggtggatgttagagccgttaaacccaaaaaaggtaaaagtgctaatgatgatgaatctataaaatcagcaatcatggaaaccttgaaatatgccaccaagcctgatgacatcatacacgaccaccacgatccaaaggctagagaatggttttatgagctgacacgacagacccacaaaatgcgatttgttgcaactggtggcgtactcaagaatgcccttaaaccaacggacaacatcgacaacgaggacatgataaaaactggcaacgatgaggaaacccaagtcaccgatgaaagacggcttaactttacctacatacgcaccaaaggggcgtatatctataatccaatccataatgagtaa
>gene_5717|Putative replication initiation protein
gaaactcggcgccctcattatcatatgctgctatttaatgtacctgacgaactcatgttccaggacgcccggcagatccgccggggaaagtctgtatctttcacttgtccttatcttatgggtatctggaagaatggaaacgtagagttcggaatagcatcaaaggagcgtgccggttattgtgcgaagtactttgttgatcggaaaagcattgatccggatctccagcctaatttctccctcatgtcgcgtaatcctggtattggtttttcttatcaggagaagatccaggacaaggttcggtactatggtttgcgtgcttgtcttaactcgtccggtacctatgtagcacttccccggtattatcgcaataagatctggaatgatgtggaacgtcgtaagatgttcatcgaaaatttggatcaaaatcaggatgactgggaagaaatgctccgttacgcggacgttatagaagaaaatcgtctaaaggcccttacttggaagggcaaaaaacaaaaacttcagtaa
>gene_14190|Replication protein
atgtttgaagatgttgttcgaaaatggggcgggtacccggtagagccgatggatgtgtaccgggatatgtttaagctgggggaaggctatctgcagaagcatggggaaccggctggtgaatttaaggccaatccggtagcgtactggaagaatgacgataaagaaaaaggacacttccgaatcatgtttgaagataccttcgaagaggttctgaaagagttgcaacaggcggattttgccattctgaatgggcttacttacttcggaaggaagaacgtccaggaacatgcctccaaaatgtttgccatgatttttgacttggatggtgtgactgataagacattgagcaattttttttctggtgccatcaatggtggagcttatccggtaccaaactatgtgattttttctgggcatggggtgcatctttactatcttttcgatgagccggtgtctctgtatccatacatcaagctgcagatgaaagagctgaaatatgcactgacagaaaagatttggaacatg
>gene_49882|replication protein
atgcctaaaatgaatataataaaaaacagaaaggtggtgaaaatagatatggcaaagacaagtgcaactatgcataagcgcaaaaagacgaccatttacggcaacgagaccatttataaagccgatgagaacggtgagcttaagcctttaactgcgaccgtcatagacgaagaatatgacgaggagactgatatcaattgggacaaaatatggctcggaagcgttatggaagccttggagcaggtcggaaacaagaaaatcaaggttgctaattacatactcacgcatagggataagaacacgaattatctcattcagacccagcgtgaaattgctgcagcttgcggagtatcgaagcaaactgtaacaagcaccctcaaggctctcgaagccgctgatttgattgtcgccaaaagcggtgtttaccaggtcaatccggatcgaattgcaaatggtaaacacaacaaacgaatggctatattgcgaatttatcgcgccaataaagccgacaaacaaaaagattaa
>gene_32346|Rep
atgccgacagtagtagcagaaccaaaagcaccgaatgaggtctcttttgagcagagagcaagagacctcgcagagcaggagagagaggaacaaaaagcacttgcaaactctcgtaaaagcccattttcaaggttttatcaagttaataaagacaattctgaatatctccgcagttgcttaaaagagaacccaaaagcccttgaattgctgttcttcattttcgaccacatggacaagtacaatgctgttgtatgctcttacaaggtctttcaagaggctttgggaatgtcaaaagcgacagttcaaaggtctgttgcctatctgaaagagcatggttttttgtatgtttataagactggtacaagtaatgtatatgttgccaataaagaccttgtttggaactcttgggggaacaatgtcgaatattgcgaatttccggcaaacattatcttgtctgcatcagagcaagaggaacgcgttaaaacacgcgataagcgtgttcagacagtgcagttaagggaatag
>gene_33819|Rep
atgccgacagtagtagcagaaccaaaagcaccgaatgaggtctcttttgagcagagagcaagagacctcgcagagcaggagagagaggaacaaaaagcacttgcaaactctcgtaaaagcccattttcaaggttttatcaagttaataaagacaattctgaatatctccgcagttgcttaaaagagaacccaaaagcccttgaattgctgttcttcattttcgaccacatggacaagtacaatgctgttgtatgctcttacaaggtctttcaagaggctttgggaatgtcaaaagcgacagttcaaaggtctgttgcctatctgaaagagcatggttttttgtatgtttataagactggtacaagtaatgtatatgttgccaataaagaccttgtttggaactcttgggggaacaatgtcgaatattgcgaatttccggcaaacattatcttgtctgcatcagagcaagaggaacgcgttaaaacacgcgataagcgtgttcagacagtgcagttaagggaatag
>gene_55216|Tyrosine recombinase XerA
atgagagcggaatacataccggaagaccgtctggggaagatcagatcgcgactgggaacccgcgataaactgatatttgacctgtgtcttgagacgggatcccggattgatgacattctcgacctccgctgctggcagatccacgacaataaagtgacggtactggagagcaagacgaaccagatccgcacaaaagagatatccgaggatcttcagaacagattgagaggtagtgttgccgggaagcacaacctctcttttgttttccatggacagggaaataaacggcagcggaagaaaataaaccgaagcaccttttggcggcacatggtggaagccgcccggcgctgcggatacaagaaagagaactatacaccgcacagcctgaggaaggtttatgcagtcaggttgttcaggaagacccggtcactggaagcagtgcggagagacttgggacacaaacacctgtcaacaacgatgctgtacgcttggagtgaccgtgtagacgaattggggctgtattag
>gene_16324|Putative replication initiation factor
atggactgggacgatcccgacgcatggtcggagttgaccggtcacggtctggcggtcgctcgggctcgtggggtgaaaacctctgtcgctggcgactggctcgaccagcacgacgggcgaacgttgtacatcggctcgctgaaggcggacgtccgagttcggatctacgagaaggggcgacagcttccggaggctgggaaaccggattgggtgcgctgtgaagcgcaggttaggcctaggaaggccgctaaggctgttctggcggccgtggagcctgtaggggtctggggggctgcccagtggtccgggatgctcgctgaggcgattctgggggctccggtcgagcgggtctcgatggctgagtggacgctgccggatgacctgcgagctaaaaccgctgtcgcccgccagtacggcgcgctgttccagcggtggttggccgaaaaatccggggattcatcggctgtgctggctgagttgtttgccctgggcaatcgatcagagaccggcgaggctcggcactga
>gene_13796|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgagcatgagaatcgacagaagggggctgattgatcaccagagaaccttcgaccgtgtgacaggagaggtcgaacaaggggcgcttgtctgggtgccccagaaaccacgttcacaattcggaaaaagctggttccagatggcccaagacacgctccgcaagatcaacgctcatcggcgcgaactcggcctggaaggcattgtcgtcttcaatgcactcatggccaggctcgatttcgagaactacattcaggtgagccagagcgagatcgcccgcgaagtcgggatgaagccatcgaacgtctcacgggcgatgcgcaagatcctcgacctgggcttcatcaagcaaggtccgaaggtaggcaggtcgcacacataccagcttcatcccgacctcgcatggaaaggaaagccgaaggcgcacttcaaagcccgcgaagccgcccgcgcggcaggctggcaggtgatcgagggcggcacgtcgcccgacgatcccgaaggccaaatgaagctggatctgtcgtaa
>gene_19620|replicative protein
atggaacctcaaaagcgtggtgcttggcattgtcatgcattaattggttttggtactgaagccccttttattcctaatgcaactatagaaaaattatggggtaaaggttttactaaaactaaagccctatcaggtattgataatataggcgtctatttatgtgcttatttaggtgatttagatttaaacgatgaagaatatctaagttatactaatcattgtcctaatgggcctcaaaatgagaaattaaagtatatttttaatgtagatggagaagaacttgcaaaacctaaagcaataattaaaggaggtcgtcttagtatgtaccctccaaagtttaatctttatagagcaagtagaggtataaagaaacctacaaaggagataatgtcctataaagaagcaaaagaaaagataggtctagaacacctaccaattcatgcaaataactatttggtttatgataatgctaatgattttcaaaatattattgctcatgaatattataacataaaaagagcatag
>gene_7006|replicative protein
atggaacctcaaaagcgtggtgcttggcattgtcatgcattaattggttttggtactgaagccccttttattcctaatgcaactatagaaaaattatggggtaaaggttttactaaaactaaagccctatcaggtattgataatataggcgtctatttatgtgcttatttaggtgatttagatttaaacgatgaagaatatctaagttatactaatcattgtcctaatgggcctcaaaatgagaaattaaagtatatttttaatgtagatggagaagaacttgcaaaacctaaagcaataattaaaggaggtcgtcttagtatgtaccctccaaagtttaatctttatagagcaagtagaggtataaagaaacctacaaaggagataatgtcctataaagaagcaaaagaaaagataggtctagaacacctaccaattcatgcaaataactatttggtttatgataatgctaatgattttcaaaatattattgctcatgaatattataacataaaaagagcatag
>gene_7009|conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggcaatctaccatttacatacaaaaccaatcagcagaagcaaagggcgttctgcgattgcttgcgctgcttatcgttccggcgaaaagctttactcggaagagacagaccgcacctttgactaccgtaacaaaggtggcgttgtcttttccgagattgtgctttgcgacaatgcgccggaacgatttctcgaccgccagactttatggaatgaagtccagcggatcgagaataaagcggattcgcgacttgctcgcgaatttgatgttgcacttccggttgagtgcagcagggaagtgcagataacaatagccagaaactttgcaaagtttttggcttctcagggcatgattgtcgactgggctttgcatgataagggtgacggaaatccgcatgcccacttgatgtgtaccaccagacctataactgttaacggagagtggggagccaaggagaaaaaagcctataagcttgacgcgaatggtgagcggattcctgtaatcgatccgacaacgggagaa
>gene_36648|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atgaatatggcaatctaccattgcagcataaaaccaatcagcagaggagcaggacaatccattattgccgctgccgcctatcgccacggctgccggatggagaacaagaggactggagaggtatacgactatagtcgtaagcatgggataatagatagctttgctttttttccagatggtattgatacctcatgggtcatggatagggaacagctttggaatgccgttgaagaagcagaaaagcgaaaggatgcgcgacttggtagagagatcgttcttgcacttccttctgagctttctcccacggaaagaaaggcacttgccgaagaaatggcacagcatgtcgcagacagatatggagtggctgtagatgctgctatccatgctcctagcggcaaaggcgacgacagaaattttcatgttcatatgctcattagtgcccgccgtatcacgccaaacggctttggtaaaaagacacgtgagcttgacgatcgtgagcgtggtccagcagaggttgagcacatccggtctgagtgggcgcggcttgcgaaccacgcacttgagaaagctggacagcagatcatgatcgatcataggagcttccagcggcagggtgtgaatcggatacctacgctccatcttggagcatcggcaaacgcgctggagaggagaggcatccggacgcggatcggtgacagaaatcgatccgcgcaggtctttaacgccagagtgaaagcagtgggagagctggaacgcccacggcaagatctagtaccagagaagacacagccccgcccgcgtagcatttcagaaatacgggcaggaatgaccgcttttgtgggcagcttcgccagtcacaagaaaaaggccgaggaagcggagcgccgaaagaaagagaggcggcagcaagaggaaaaacggaggcaagaggcgtttgctcgcgttatggccatgaagaaacgagtgccggaagaccgtctttcaagcaacgtcgatatggcatatgcggggtatttcagcgcatggcgtcaagagaccgcgcccccttggacagccgacaccttgcggcaagctgacgcctatatcgccgcccgtttgatagccgaggggagagacctcacaaagatcacggcagcactggagaagcatagccctgcggcagcgctgcttacagaagccgcatacgctgaaaaccttgttagacggacggcggagcggccagacgtccaggagcagcgcaaggaagcgcaggagcgagaacggcagcggcaagaccaccagaaaaagcgcaggagtatgagccttggcagatag
>gene_44781|Replication protein
atggaggttttacacatgaagaaagtcgtcgacgaccagacgggagagatcctgggaacggtgaaggactacgacaccgaaaagcacggaaacaaggacttcgtccagctgtaccgaaaattcatcgcagacgttgccgatcttggaatgaaggacgcgcaagcgttgagggtgttcctgttcctctgcaagcacatggacgggatgaacgcgatcggagtcccgatgtccctcatcgcaaaaatgttaggtcttacaagacagaccgtttccgcaaagatcaagtacctcgaaagcgaggggtggatctgtatctacaagctcgggaaagcgaacatctacgtcatcaacccggaagtcgcttggacttcgtacggagacgggaaacagttttgcaagttcaaggcgtccgtcgtacttggtggagaagacaactggcacgttctgaaaaaggacatgtcccagatcaagtacatcgatcccctcaccgtccagcgaatgggggacgacgtcgatgagtaa
>gene_44127|Replication protein
atggaggttttacacatgaagaaagtcgtcgacgaccagacgggagagatcctgggaacggtgaaggactacgacaccgaaaagcacggaaacaaggacttcgtccagctgtaccgaaaattcatcgcagacgttgccgatcttggaatgaaggacgcgcaagcgttgagggtgttcctgttcctctgcaagcacatggacgggatgaacgcgatcggagtcccgatgtccctcatcgcaaaaatgttaggtcttacaagacagaccgtttccgcaaagatcaagtacctcgaaagcgaggggtggatctgtatctacaagctcgggaaagcgaacatctacgtcatcaacccggaagtcgcttggacttcgtacggagacgggaaacagttttgcaagttcaaggcgtccgtcgtacttggtggagaagacaactggcacgttctgaaaaaggacatgtcccagatcaagtacatcgatcccctcaccgtccagcgaatgggggacgacgtcgatgagtaa
>gene_56136|replication protein, partial
atgatagtaacagataatcctaaagggcttaatgaggtatcatttgaacaacgagaaagagatttaagagcggaagaacgtgccgaacaagaagaactaaagagaaagcgaaaaagtccatttagcaacttctatcaagtaaatgctgaccattcagaggatttaatgtggcttataaacaaatatccaaacgcatttaaagtattgcttttcttaattgaccacatggataaatataacgctgtgatgtgttcataccaagtacttgaagagtattttggtgttactcgacaaacgctgtcaagtgctgttaaagtcctaaaagaacatggatttattcatgtttacaaaagtggtacaagtaatgtttatgtgacaaatcccgacattgcttggaagtcttggggaaacaacagagaatactgtgagtttccagcaaacgtaatattatcagcgtcagaacaagaagagcgtgcaaaggtgcgtgataaaagggttcagaccgttcaagtaaaggagtaa
>gene_22216|Replication-associated protein, putative
gtgataaatttgcaaaaacaagaccgagttaggcgctggcaattgactgaaaacaatccggttttttcaaaagcggagtgtgtaagcgcaatgcaaggtatcgcgaaaatgacttatgccatttgtggcgaggaatatggcgaggagcaagggacaagacatattcactgctttgtgattttcaaaaatgccgtgcgactaagttcactgaagagtgtcttcccacgcgcccatttcgagcaatgtgaaggcagtaatgctgataatgtagcatacattagtaagcaagactgcgaaccggtagaagtcggcgaactaccggcggaacgcgagaaaagagcaagcgcgagcgaaatcgccttgtgcttgtataaggcgatagacaacggcattgccgttggcggtttgttcgaaatgtatccggagtattcggattacattttgagacacttccgtgaccttcaaaacattgccgaatacaaataccgcaatgatttgatggaacatcgccgaagaagatag
>gene_48186|Replication protein
ctgcactgcgcgatctggtggcccgatctgtacgacacgctgacgcccatagatgcatgggtcgaagtcgcaggcgcctacggcgccggacaccgtgggcaacacgcccgcgtgattgatggccccatcggctggttccagtacctgtcgaagcacgccgcccgtggcgtaaagcactaccagcgcagctccgagaacatgcccgagggctggctccgcaagaccggcaaagtctggggtaagtccggcgattggcccgtccgtgaggtcacccgcatcaacctgcaggaccagcacggcgacggtggctggttcgcctttcgtcggttggtgcgttcgtggcgcgttgccgatgcccgggcttctggcgatcgccaccgcctccgctacgcccgcaccatgctggcttcgccctacctcgagcagagccgggttcggggtgtctccgagtggatcccccaggctgtccaggacgcgctcctggcgaatctctccaccaggggctacgccgtaacctgctga
>gene_34282|Predicted plasmid replication initiation protein
atggaagagactgagaaacaggtttcaagcgtcgagaattacaacttcgtccagctcaaccgtagctacatgaagcagatgcgagagctagctcgtaggaaccccgtggcgatgcagatcctgttctatttggtcgagcacatgggtaagtcaacaaacgccgttgtgtgctcctacaagaccctctgcgaggtcacagatctgagccgaacgtcagtcgcaaaggcaatcaaacacctgaaagacgacaactggctggatgcgattaagatcggaaatgccacagcctattgcgtcaacgagcgtgctttttggcagtcagcccgcaacgcaaggcggtacgcgattttctcagccacggtcattgcatcagagtcagagcaagacagcgactatcacgaaaaggcccggacaaaactgactcacgtgcctgtgatttcgagcgacgaccgcgttttagtaggggacgaggaactttcgccacccgaccagcaggatttacaactggactga
>gene_57135|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcatcaaataagtcaataaaaaaacgttattgggcaatggtagtatatccggagtctttgccttctgactggcttgatatattgcaagggactggattagcctttgcaataagtcctctgcacgataaggatgtcaatcctgatggcgaagagaagaaagctcactatcatcttatcggagcttggtctggtcct
>gene_1530|Replication-associated protein
atgagtaaagattatataaccataaaagaatatgctgaattaagaggttgtagcacatcagcagtatataaaagattaacaaatacattgaaaccatatttaattattgagaatggaaaaaggtatttaaagaaacaaatattgattgatgaagaattattaacccctcctcaaccctcctcctcaactcctcctcaaccctccactcaaagagcaaatgaagaagtagttatagaagtaaaggataataaagaggtaatacaagatattgataataaaattattcttctattggaaaaacaaattgaagatttaaaagaacagttaaaaaagcaagaagaaaaaacaagagaagaaattaattttttaagaaaccaaatagaagtaaaagatagattaatagaccaacagcaacagttaaatgctatgacattagagcaaaataaatcattgacagagccaacagaaaagaatattatagaggaaaataaaacgggatttttcaaaagattatttggataa
>gene_50905|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
gtggcagagttctgtgagccggagaaacggcatatcgtgtcggtgttcaaaatcattcaagaactgctggcaccctcacagaagaaaggcaagaatcagttccaacagctcatggagatgcttcccgatgaccacaaggcgaaatggtttgccggagccgcactgaataccgcagagcagtccatggcatcggtcatgtcaacagcactatcccgactgaactccttcctcgactccgagctggaacagctcctgtgcttcgacaccgagatcgacgcggagaaattctgcaatgagaagtccgccatcttcgtagttatgcccgaagaaaatcccaacaccttctttatgatctcgctgatcattcagcagctataccgagagatacttgccgtagccgatgagcaaggcggtaagctgaagaaccgctgtgtcttcttctgcgacgagttcggtacgctccccaagatcgaatccgccgagatgatgttctcggcatcccgttcccgtagattg
>gene_29131|MobA/MobL family protein
gtggctacaaagatatcatttgtcaaagcaagcttactgacaaacgttgttggccgagttgattacatcagtaatccgaaacgccaggaaaacctttttgcgttctatcagaccccggaggatccgacgttcttctggaaggaactttcgaaagagagccaggcacgttcgaactatcataaagacgtcaaaaaggttgttgaggcaagagaacacattatcaccctgccgtatgaatttatggaagaggaccctcaaactttagctcaacgtctggcacttaaattcaaaacaaagcatggggtggattgcgcagttgccatccaccttaatgctgcaaaaacaaattatcacgcacatcttattttttcggaacgtgtgcttctgagcgaacaaagggtttcgattgcatctcggaacacttattttgatgctgcaggtaagcgcagcacaaaggctaagtgcgttggagctgatggaaaactacttcctgggtgtcaaatgattcaaaagggcgaaacgttcccggtaaaacatttctctgggaaaaatggcgcctttgcttcgagagcgtttttgaaagctgaaaaacaacgctatgcagagtatttcacccaaaaaacaaacgaccgttgggaagtatacaatcacaacacaaatccacatatccagcttctgaacctcgtcagaggcgaaaacgaaagcctccgagcctggaaagaagctgaaaacgcaaagcgcaaacagtacaatgttgcaatcgatagagcaatcgatgcgggagaactgacgctcgagcaggcaatcgaccttaagaaacaagtttatcttgagatagcagaagcacgtgagaaacgtgctgcagaacgtgagctttggaaacgttggtttgacgagtttccaaaacgtcgtgcagtttgggtcgaacagcgcagaaaagagtgggaaaaactgcattacaattcttttggtatgcgcagatcaattttcgaattgactgttattttggcgttcaccgtcgtgggcgttgacgttctcaaggtcaatatcgatgacaatcttatggccaaacctccggcgcgagatttaaaagcaaaagttgatccaaaacttcaagaaatgatcgatcagctctgcatcgcatccggccgcaaagctccttcagaacagttggccgagaaaaagatacagaagctcgtcgacgttgacgagcgtaaaccttcacttgcagaacgaattgatggcgctgaaaaaatacgcgatatgcaagacgtaaaggaaggaaaaatcgaaaacaaaaaaagagaacttcactaa
>gene_33708|replicative protein
gaatatatctcggttatagaacctcaaggtcgaggagcttggcatgttcatgcgttctttatatggtctggtaaagctccgtttatagaaaacaaagaattgcgccgtctctggtcaagaggatttgtttctgtaaaggctgtaaaggattgtgataatatcggagcatatttctcggcctatctggctgatatgccattatcagatcttgagaagctgccagatcaggaaaaagtagaattacagaaactgcctatttctgagaaaactgattctgaaggactcccgaaaaaaatcgttaaaggagctcggttacacttctacccatcaggtatgaatatcgttagacgttccagggggattaaagatcctgtagtgtcctggacaacctatggagaagcaaagaaaaaagccagctctggcaagctgactttctccgattcttatgcgattaggctcgaggactctaccaaaatcctcaatacatacaccgtggagtattataacgctaagcgttga
>gene_50309|RepB protein
ttggaacggctaaaaaacctgaaagttcctggcttcgtttcaccacttcatacggatgtaaatccagacgaaaccgagaagaaaccacatcggcatgtgttgctcatgtttgagggcgttaagtcgttcgaccaggtaaaaaagatatctgacagcctgggagcaccccatcctcaatacgttcaaagcaagtcgggaatggcgcggtatctatgccatatggacaatccggaaaagaagcaatactcaccgacagacgtcgtaaatctgggtggcgcggattacatggagacggtagccactgctgcagatctcgacaggacgatttccgagatggagcagtggtgcgacgataacggcgtattctcctacgcgcaattgagcaggtatgcaaggaaaaacaggcctgattggacgcgtattcttcggtatcgttgcacggttcacatgaaggcgtatctgcaagcatgtcaatgggagatagacaaaggcataacgtacggaggtcaggtagagtaa
>gene_36575|RepA
atgatcacagacacaacaaaacaagctgaaaagagactaaaagaaatcgaattagagcggtctagagaggcactggaaagacgtgaggctcaaaagaacagccattttacccaggtgtccccaaaaggctgggaacgcattagagagctttctagagacaagcagggggtagctgctatttcgctttactcttttttggctgaacatattgatccaagctgtggcgcagttgttgctgaacaacaatttttagcggataaattaaatgtcagcagaagcacaattaaacgctggctcaaatacttagaatcaaaaaacgcaattgtaaaaatcccagtggcaggaaatgtctgcgcatatgctttggatccgcatgaagtttggaagggatataattcaagtaaaggttatgcggcttttgtaagcaaaaccttagtgaattttgatggaaatatacaacgacgcatagttgccatgtttaaaggccaacaccaggaagtcgattcaaaagacctataa
>gene_52345|Replication initiator protein
gtgaaagcaggtgattttatgggcaaacgcaagactgagcaacaagaattggcaaccagatcggcccgagaaatgtccatcgtcaagcgagatgacatgatccaaaacgctcggttctccttgagtgtccaggaacaacgctgcgtcctgtacgcaattagcagaatcaagccagaggatacagcttttaccgagtacacctttgaaatcaaagacttctatgccctttgtggcatcgaagacgaaagctacactcgtctgaaggcaacccttaaggtcttacgagaccgcagttggtgggcaacaatagatgatcaaggcacagaaagtgccgtcagttggttttctacggtcagaacaaacaaacggtctggaaaggtgaccatcaagttccacgaagacatgatgccgttcttgctgcagcttgctacccaggcaagggaacaaggagtgtacttcacgcagtatggtttaaaatatgtgcttcccatgagaggacaatacagccctcggctg
>gene_42903|Relaxase/mobilization
gtgaaatcgcagcctccctaccgtaagcacgaaaccgggctgagcggtctctatgtgcggtatcggtttgagcttggtatcatctacaagtatccggcttcggtgaagcgggtgtcgcagtttttgcgcgaggatattgtgaaaatggaaaagctggatgcggaaacgctgcttctcggaaaagcgcagatttccacaatggaagaacttctgcggtacaagcaagagcttcaatccaaattggatgcagcagaacagcaacgtaaagacttgcgaaatctggaacgcagctacgcaagaaagcacgatcacgaacaagcggagcaatgcagcgcagaggtcgcagaactcacgaaagaaatcaaaaagctgcgaaaggatattggcctatgtgacgatatcgcactccgttctgctcagactcgtgaggagctggagtggattatcgaacagcaagagcaaagccgtgaggccgaatctgatatgcaaaggaacgaaaaagcagaccgccaaagatga
>gene_38316|Rep50
atgcacattgaatggattgaaagtccactccatgagcacgataaaaatgctaatggcgaagataaaaaggctcattggcacattcttttaatgttcggtggtgtaaagtcctatgaacaagtctgtgagttaattgctccgttaaattgtcctattccagaacgatgtcataatgcaaaggctatggtgcgttatatggctcatttagataatcctgataagcaccaatacagtgttcaagatattaagccacacgggggcgttgatatcaatgagatgatgagacctaactcatcagaacgatacgagtacatcaaagagatgattacttacattaagtctaattcaattattgagttccaggacttaattgactatgctatggctgaacagtctgacacctggttcccattgctctgtgataacgctgcgtatgttattgaacgatatatcaagtcacagagacataggacaactccaaggatagacatggagacgggagaagtcattgaatag
>gene_44767|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggcaacgatttctacgcacaatggcactacgctttcacagtctcataatcttcgagagggtaagtctgcaaaggacggacacatagaccgcacgagaacggctcaaaatgaaacgatatgccacgagaggatagaagatgcctataaacggctttttgatgtttctgtggcggaatttaacaaaaaacaaagaccttgccggagaatagagaactattttcagaagattaaagccgacaagaagaagaatgttgcctatgagctcattgtcggagtatatccggacaaaggcgagcagatttccggagaggtcaagcggactattctccgggagtttgtcggcacttggaaagaccgcaacccgaatttggaactcgttggcgcatattaccacgcagacgaaaaaggcggagagcatatgcatattgactatattccggttgcccggaactgcacaagaggcccggcgattcagacggctctcgttaaggctctcgctcaacagggtattgagggtgaaaaagacgaatttaacacggctcaaatgaaatgggaagcacgggagaatagtgtttttgaggatctctgccgtgaacgtggtattgaggtgcgccatccgcagcgtgaagctgaaacgaaggcaaagcatttggacactccggaatataagcaggcgcaggctgaactgcaagaactccggacacagaaaaaggcattgactgacgatattcagcagttaaaagaggattttaactactgggacagacaggcgattaacaaacgcgatgaagtcgatgagcgcatagagcagattaagaaagtccaagaccaacaggactaccaacagggcatactgcagggattaaaggaaaaagtcaaggaactgaaagagtatgtcggcgaatggtcaagccgtccggaggtctgtccggctgatgacgagatagagggtgtcaaaccgttctttggtgcggttattatctctgccaaaatgtggaacggcattaaaactctgcttgagcatttccggaacacaacggagtataaagtcctcgaacgaaacgaggacgagaagaaagaactgcacgaactccggaagttcaaaaaagagaacgagggctataaagagaaattctggaatatcaaagactcgtactcgactgtttattacgaactacaaagcgcaaatcagaaaagagcagctgcgcttactgaaaataatcgcttgaaaaacatagtttcagcggtcagagaaaaagcaccggcgcttgttcgtcagattgagaaagaacaagaaatagagagagattaa
>gene_50927|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtctgatagacagtatagtgatgccaataatactgcctacatatcacgcacaaagcgttatattgacgaggacggaaacgaaggcttgcagactgatatttataaaaaagtctatggcggtaagcatttctggagagtatggctcggtgatttgctttatactttaggcttgataaataacagtaagcagcttgatgttgttttttatgtccttgacaatactgaccctgcaactaatctatacataggcactgtcagaaagaccgtagaaaaaaccggaatatctcttggaacggtatctacaatctttaagaaaatgcaagatgttgatatgatagttaagcagcaaaatggcgtctataaggtcaagccgaaccttctgatgaagggcgatgataacaagaaacaaaggcttgttatcgagtacgaaaaaatcaaacgagaggagagcaagaaagatgacaaatcagatgatgcaagtacagtggaaccagaacgaaacaatgatgattaa
>gene_16871|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtctgatagacagtatgatgccaataataatactgcctacatatcacgcacaaagcgttatattgacgaggacggaaacgaaggcttgcagactgatatttataaaaaagtctatggcggtaagcatttctggagagtatggctcggtgatttgctttatactttaggcttgataaataacagtaagcagcttgatgttgttttttatgtccttgacaatactgaccctgcgactaatctatacataggaaccgtcagaaaaaccgttgaagagacaggtatttcttatggtaccgtggcaacgatttttaagaaaatgcaagcggttgatatgatagcaaaacaacaaaatggcgtctataaggtcaagccgaaccttctgatgaagggcgatgataacaagaaacaaaggcttgttatcgagtacgaaaaaatcaaacgagaggagagcaagaaaaatgacaaatcagatgatgcaagtgcagtggaaccagaacgagaaaatgatgattaa
>gene_34747|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtctgatagacagtatagtgatgccaataatactgcctacatatcacgcacaaagcgttatattgacgaggacggaaacgaaggcttgcagactgatatttataaaaaagtctatggcggtaagcatttctggagagtatggctcggtgatttgctttatactttaggcttgataaataacagtaagcagcttgatgttgttttttatgtccttgacaatactgaccctgcaactaatctatacataggcactgtcagaaagaccgtagaaaaaaccggaatatctcttggaacggtatctacaatctttaagaaaatgcaagatgttgatatgatagttaagcagcaaaatggcgtctataaggtcaagccgaaccttctgatgaagggcgatgataacaagaaacaaaggcttgttatcgagtacgaaaaaatcaaacgagaggagagcaagaaagatgacaaatcagatgatgcaagtacagtggaaccagaacgaaacaatgatgattaa
>gene_15155|Plasmid recombination-like protein
atggctgccaacgttgattcctctgcacccggtgcagtgcttcgtggtgggagtcagcacgcgcccatcggcgcggatctgacgagcaccagggagcacgtcctgcaggcgagtcaatgtggaaggaggcttacgcagatggcacacaaagaaaaatacagccgaggtcagctcggtcacatgtgcggtcactatgaccgttccaaggagtgcggcgacaacgtcgatccagcactcacccccaacaactacaacctggctgccaacgatcagccactctcgcagctcgacaagatccacgagcgtctttccgaagttcctcaccgggaacgtaaggacctcaaggttatggtcgattggatcatcaccgccccgaaggatctcccgaacaacgagcacacccaattctttgaatcttgctataacttctgccgggatcggtacggcgtggagaacgtggtttccgcttacgtccacgttgacgagccgaacgccgaggatcatatgcactttgctttcgtgccggtcaccaaagacggcagatggagtgcaaaggacgttgtcaaccttgcagatctcaaaagcttccactctgacctgcagaagcacgtggagcgagatctcggtcacacggtcggcattctgaacgaggctacccgtgaaggaaacaaggcgatagcagatctcaagcgcgaaaccgcgcagaaaaaactaaaagaagcagagcgtgaggcagagcagatccgaacgtccgcacgttccgaggcaaccgcagaagcccgtaggatcgtttctaaggctcaagacgaggcagagagggtgaaagatacccttgagcccatacgagccgaatttgaggctaagaaggcgtttatacgcgaagctgacaagtcctcggaagtgtcgatgatgtacccggcatacgcgaagatctccgagaagggtatcttcaagaagcagaagttcatcaccgtgccgatcgaggagtgggaagccaagcacgtatcagccaacgagaagaacgacctgcagagagccgaggaagtcctggaacgtcgcttccaggcgtggcagcagaaggcgagcacgatgaatgccgccgagcttgaggcagaagtcaaggagctcaagaaggagctgctgcacgtgcagattgagaatgaacgtctgcagagagaggacggagagatcttcaaccgtgtcaaacgtgttctttccaagctcccggatcgcgaagctcaagccttcatcgaagcctggaacaaagacggtgagcacgtgcgagctcacgccgatcctgatctcgaccgataa
>gene_13522|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgcctaatattaagcaatccattgaaacatcagtaataaatgaaaacggcgaatttattagtaagagagccaataaaacgctttcttggggagaagaacctcaatacataaaattatatttgcaagatattatgtatttatctgatatgcctaaaaaatacgtagctgttactgaagcactcttgaaacgtgtttcttatgcaggtgatgaagatggtatgtgtgttactctggttcctagaatcaagaaaactatatgtaatgaattaggatggcaaacagtagcatctttagataatgctattcaaaaacttatgaaaggaaaaataattgaaagggtagatagaagtatctatagatttaacccttggttatttggtaaaggtgattggcaagatatttccagattacgccttgaagtaaactatgatgaaattaaaggaaaaacatttacagctgtatgtgagtataaaaataaaactataaacgaaaatagccaaggtcaagcagtataa
>gene_8254|Putative replication protein
atgactattactgaatttgcacacactcgagaggtcgagccacaggcggtcagtcgatatatttcccggcatccggaaatacaaaaactgacggtaagggatggaaaagtggttcgtcttttgccagaagcggaagcactattggatcaggtgtatccactcccgaaaccggtacaggtgatcaatggcgtggatccgaaagaacatgaagcgctcttaaaaaaatatgcacagcttcaagatgagcttattaggatccagagtgaaagggtagaagaacagaagttgatcgcaaaggcagaagcgcaacagattctgctggaagataaagaaaaacagcttgaagacagggaaaagcgtctttctgatgcgatttctgatcgtgatgctgcacaacggcaagcgaaggatctccaaagagccgtagaaaccgcagaaaatgaactttcagaggctgagaaagaaatattaaggctgaaaaatagaacactttgggaaagaattagaaatatctga
>gene_30025|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaaagaaaagacaagggagacacgttatcgtaacttcgcaactgtaatatatcctgagtccgcacctgagaaatggcaggaaacgctctcaggacagtttataccgtcttttatcagtccgttgcatgataaagacgttaatcctactggagagcctaaaaaggcacattatcacgttatgttgctttttgatgcaccgcatacgatggatcaagcaagggaagtgttcgagcagatcggcggagtcggctgcgagatcgtaaagagcctgaggggatatgctcgttatttatgtcatttggataatcccgaaaaggaacaatacaatcctgaggacgtccgatcgctctgcggagcagactataatcacacgatcggtcttgcaatcgacaaatataaagcgatccgtgaaatgatgtctttttgcagagaaaataatattctgagttattctgatttgttg
>gene_52947|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgagaagtgactatattcacaagcaggaattgcagcatgtgttggcggcgcttacgccgccaaaccgcttagcctgtgaaattagcctggcaaccggtctgcgaatcggcgatgtgttggctctgcgccgggagcagctggagaagggacagcggttcgctgtacgggaagcaaaaacgggcaaggtgcggagggtgcatctgccgctggaacttcaccagcgggctttgcgtggcgctgggaaggtgtttattttcgaggggcgtaatagccccgagaagcaccgtacacgccaggcagttttcaaggatcttcagagggcggcgaagctgttccggatccgggagcatataagcccgcatagtgcgcggaaggtctgggcggtggagcagctgcgaaaggctggcggcgatctgaagcgcgtgcagcggttgctgcagcatgaggatgaggctgtaacggtgctctatgccctggctgatgttctgacagctcgccgtctcggtaaatga
>gene_17517|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgagaagtgactatattcacaagcaggaactgcagcatgtgcttgcggcgcttacgccgccaaaccgcttggcctgtgaaattagcctggcaaccggtctgcgaatcggcgatgttttggcgctgcgccgggagcagctggagaaggggcagcggttcgctgtacgggaagcaaaaacgggcaaggtacggagggtgcatctgccgctggagcttcaccagcgggctttgcgtggcgctgggaaggtgtttattttcgaggggcgcaatagccccgagaagcaccgtacacgccaggcagttttcaaggatctccagagggcggcgaagctgttccggatccgggagcatatcagcccgcatagtgcgcgaaaggtctgggcggtggagcagctgcgaaaggctggcggcgatctgaagcgcgtgcagcggttgctgcagcatgaggatgaggctgtaacggtgctctatgccctggctgatgttctgacagcccgccgcctgggaaaggtctag
>gene_48541|Firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgtattataattatatcattctaggcagaaaggaagtgataaaaacgtacaagcagaaagagtattcagaagacgctaaaatcaagtacataagcaagtccacgaagtatgtagacgagagcggagagcatgaaatgaccgaaactgaagtctataaaaaatactatggtggacctcatttttaccgagtatggttgtcagatttgctttatcatttaggtttgataaataatagcaagcaaatggacgtgctgttttatgtgcttgataacgttaatagtgacaatctgtttattggtacttatcgagacgtcgaaaagaccacgggaatttcctacaaaacagtagccactattttcaaaaaaatgatagacaacgacttgattaccccaaagcaaagaggtgtctacatggttaagccgaccttgttgatgaagggcgacaatgtgcgtaagcaccgcttgactatcgaatatgagaacatcaagcgagaacagaagaatgaagaggtttag
>gene_55240|Replication protein RepB
gatattcttcaatctacggggcttcaatgtgctatcagccctttgcacaatatggattatgacccaacaggagaagttaaaaaagagcattatcacatcattgtttgttatagtggaccaacgtcttacaatgtggttaattcgctctgtgagagcctaggacagcctagacctattccacttgaacaaattatcggaatgtatagataccacctgcatttggacaatcctgataagtatcaatatgacgataacgagcgagaatttattaatggctttgatatttcgagttatgtcgaattatcgaaaggagaagtaaacgcagccaaaaagcgtatacataaactaattaacgatttggatctagtcgaatactccgacttaatggactatctactagataatgaaatgcaacttgattacgatgtcgcctcaagtcataccattttttttgatagacttctagcttcaagaagacataaagtcgtaaaaggtaatgatgacgagatgatgtaa
>gene_13761|DNA integration/recombination protein
gtgatcaatacgaaaaataaatttatcccccaagaagatctagagaagatccgttcccatctccatggaacagatcttctgattacagatctgcttcttgatacgggttttcgtttggatgatataatgaactcccgtatctatcagcttgcgggtgactgcgtgtcactccttgagcgaaaaacacagaaacgacggtctgtgccgctctcgcccgtgcttgctgaacgtgtgaaaacctatgctaataaaaagcataggttttcttttacttttcccgcgttgcggagatacgggaaaaagaaaatgcaccgctctacatattggcggcattttatgaaagccgtcgatcgtgcaggttgtagcggtcgtggatattctccgcactccttaagaaaggtttatgctgtgcgagcccttgccaaaacaggggaccttcttgccgtacagagtgacctcaaccattcacaccttaccactactctcttgtatgcgctctcggatcgattatag
>gene_3613|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
gtgatcaatacgaaaaataaatttatcccccaagaagatctagagaagatccgttcccatctccatggaacagatcttctgattacagatctgcttcttgatacgggttttcgtttggatgatataatgaactcccgtatctatcagcttgcgggtgactgcgtgtcactccttgagcgaaaaacacagaaacgacggtctgtgccgctctcgcccgtgcttgctgaacgtgtgaaaacctatgctaataaaaagcataggttttcttttacttttcccgcgttgcggagatacgggaaaaagaaaatgcaccgctctacatattggcggcattttatgaaagccgtcgatcgtgcaggttgtagcggtcgtggatattctccgcactccttaagaaaggtttatgctgtgcgagtccttgccaaaacaggggaccttcttgccgtacagagtgacctcaaccattcacaccttaccactaccctcttgtatgcgctctcggatcgattatag
>gene_18235|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
gtgatcaatacgaaaaataaatttatcccccaagaagatctagagaagatccgttcccatctccatggaacagatcttctgattacagatctgcttcttgatacgggttttcgtttggatgatataatgaactcccgtatctatcagcttgcgggtgactgcgtgtcactccttgagcgaaaaacacagaaacgacggtctgtgccgctctcgcccgtgcttgctgaacgtgtgaaaacctatgctaataaaaagcataggttttcttttacttttcccgcgttgcggagatacgggaaaaagaaaatgcaccgctctacatattggcggcattttatgaaagccgtcgatcgtgcaggttgtagcggtcgtggatattctccgcactccttaagaaaggtttatgctgtgcgagtccttgccaaaacaggggaccttcttgccgtacagagtgacctcaaccattcacaccttaccactaccctcttgtatgcgctctcggatcgattatag
>gene_49510|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
gtgatcaatacgaaaaataaatttatcccccaagaagatctagagaagatccgttcccatctccatggaacagatcttctgattacagatctgcttcttgatacgggttttcgtttggatgatataatgaactcccgtatctatcagcttgcgggtgactgcgtgtcactccttgagcgaaaaacacagaaacgacggtctgtgccgctctcgcccgtgcttgctgaacgtgtgaaaacctatgctaataaaaagcataggttttcttttacttttcccgcgttgcggagatacgggaaaaagaaaatgcaccgctctacatattggcggcattttatgaaagccgtcgatcgtgcaggttgtagcggtcgtggatattctccgcactccttaagaaaggtttatgctgtgcgagtccttgccaaaacaggggaccttcttgccgtacagagtgacctcaaccattcacaccttaccactaccctcttgtatgcgctctcggatcgattatag
>gene_34707|Replication protein B
ttgaaaaatgaagttgagagtggtgatacgatggcaaaaactatcaaggaaatagctgatgagattggcgttgataagcaaaaggtctatcgtttcatcaaacaaaaccacatcaatgaagcacttcatgaagcacttcgacgaaacggtgtgaagtactatgatgaagcggctgaagctcttataaaacaaggacttttgggagataccgcatcaagtgaagcacatcgtgaagcacatcaaaaccgcatcaatgaagcggtttttgatgcggttattgagatgctccaaaaggagcttgaaataaaaaatgagcagatcagagagctgaatgaacgactgtcagagtgcagcgcagctttgctggtagcacagcagacggcacaggccgcgcaggcactccatgccgggacgattcagaaggagattgccagtagggagagtggcgtagataagcagaaatctgcttcggagaagaaaaatagatggttcaagagactgtttcgaggatga
>gene_37423|Replication protein B
ttgaaaaatgaagttgagagtggtgatacgatggcaaaaactatcaaggaaatagctgatgagattggcgttgataagcaaaaggtctatcgtttcatcaaacaaaaccacatcaatgaagcacttcatgaagcacttcgacgaaacggtgtgaagtactatgatgaagcggctgaagctcttataaaacaaggacttttgggagataccgcatcaagtgaagcacatcgtgaagcacatcaaaaccgcatcaatgaagcggtttttgatgcggttattgagatgctccaaaaggagcttgaaataaaaaatgagcagatcagagagctgaatgaacgactgtcagagtgcagcgcagctttgctggtagcacagcagacggcacaggccgcgcaggcactccatgccgggacgattcagaaggagattgccagtagggagagtggcgtagataagcagaaatctgcttcggagaagaaaaatagatggttcaagagactgtttcgaggatga
>gene_34580|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggacatggagaccggggaggtaatgctggtagaccagataacaaaacgccgatacggcaccaagaacttctggaagtgctacctcatggacttcctgaccgtcctc
>gene_55768|replication protein
atggcgaagaaaacctcagcaacaaagcaccggaagaagaagacgatccaatttggatctgaaaccatctaccgggcgaatgagaacggtgagctggagcccctgcaggcgtctgtaatcgacgaggagtgggatgaggaagttgatataaacttcgagaaaatttggctcacgagtgtcatggaggccctggagcaggttggaaacaagaagttttctgttgctcagtacatactgaaaaacagagatagaaataccaactacctgatccagacgcagcgagaaatcgctgaaaagtgtggcgtcagcctgcagacggtgagcaccacgctcaaggccctggaggctgcagatctgattgtcggcaaaagtggcatttaccaggtcaatccggagaaactggcctatggtgggcacaccaagagaatggcgattttgcggatttaccgggcaaacaaagccagcaagacagaccagataacaattgacgaagtcctggcagatcaggactaa
>gene_44945|Replication protein
gtgcagaccgagcgcgccgcacatgaggcatgggccgccttgatcgctaaagccccaaaggctgctcaactcatgcatattctgacggcgcgggtgggcgagcataatgctgtagttatcagccagaaaacacttcgctccctaatggggtgcagtcgtccaacagttcagcgtgctctcgatgttcttgcacaggacaaatggattgagatccgccagattggagaaagcggtacggttaatgcttatgtcattaatgatcgtgttgcttggaccagaaaccgggacggccttcgctacagcctgtttagtgcagcagtcgtagtgtctgaagaggagcagcgtgaccgagaagaactgggcaagctagagcctctgcgaaaggtgccgagcctgttccgtgatgaggcgcaactgccaagcggtccaggtttgcctccaccctcgcagccgttcctaagtgacatggagccggaccttcccgccacccgccgtgcggatgatgagccgtga
>gene_57630|Replication protein B
atgagtgagaaaggaaacatcaaaatgtcaaaaacgattaagcagctcgccgaagatctgcaggtctcaaaaacagctattcgaaaatatatgaccgatgattttcggcgcgaacatacggaaacagatgcgcgcggaactatcacaatcacccccgaaggatgcaaactgattgcggaaatcatagaaaacaaccgcaaaccacttgcagaaaccaccgaaaacgccgtttctactgacgttttgaccattccgcgtgaggtttgggacgctctgcaggcgcaaattaaagctcagagtgagacggtcgaagcacagcgcaagcagatcgaggactacagcgcacgtctgcaggaagctaacgcagcattaacgcagaccgcgaccgcgctgcaggctgctcaagctctccacgctggaacaattcagcagcagatgcttgaagcaccgaaagaagacgacgaacccaagaaggaaaagagaggtattttttcatggaggaagaaaaggtaa
>gene_27565|Replication protein B
atgagtgagaaaggaaacatcaaaatgtcaaaaacgattaagcagctcgccgaagatctgcaggtctcaaaaacagctattcgaaaatatatgaccgatgattttcggcgcgaacatacggaaacagatgcgcgcggaactatcacaatcacctccgaaggatgcaaactgattgcggaaatcatagaaaacaaccgcaaaccacttgcagaaaccaccgaaaacgccgtttctactgacgttttgaccattccgcgtgaggtttgggacgctctgcaggcgcaaattaaagctcagagtgagacggtcgaagcacagcgcaagcagatcgaggactacagcgcacgtctgcaggaagctaacgcagcattaacgcagaccgcgaccgcgctgcaggctgctcaagctctccacgctggaacaattcagcagcagatgcttgaagcaccgaaagaagacgacgaacccaagaaggaaaagagaggtattttttcatggaggaagaaaaggtaa
>gene_33240|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgatgaaaatgacgcggacggctgttgggcatatgtttaatcattatggccggagcgatgacttggaaaaggcagcatatgtgattcgcagcaatgaaaacatcaattctgtgaatacggtgctgaattacaaccttgctcgcaatgaccagccattaggtcagctggagtttcttaacaagcgattgagtgaggttcgggtgcagaatcgcagcgatgtcaatgtgatggttgattgggtgctaacacttccacagacactgaataatcaaggttttgcagacgaagagaagtttttcagagaagcatatgcctttttgtcagagcgctatggcaaagaaaatgttatttcggcttatgtccatctggatgagaccacaccccatctgcactttgccttcgttcctgtcacagaggacacgaaacgaggtggttttaagctgtccgccaaggaagtagtgaaccgtcaggatttgagaacctttcacaaaaatttgagcgaccatatggagcgtgtttttggtcgggacattggcatcctcaatgaggcgacaaaagagggaaacaagtcgatccaagagttgaaaagacagagtgcagcagaaagacttcaaagtgccatgctagaagcctctagaatcgtttctaaggctcaagacgatgtgaagcccatagaagaacgtaaaagggtcttacaaggcgaaatagagggcctacagcgcgatttactgacaacgcagcaagtaaaggatgtcccacactcaaaaaccttaatcggcgataagcaagtcatatctactgccgacttcgaagtgctttgcaaaactgcagcaactgcagaa
>gene_31535|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgttggtgccctggcccgaaaagagtggcagagcccctgctccctgcaagggcaagttatcatttcgaagaaatggtataacttgctacaccattgataatggttggctgcagcgatatactgttgtaaatgagcggaaggaggatgttgaattggcgcatatgatgaaaatgacgcggacggctgttgggcatatgtttaatcattatggccggagcgatgacttggaaaaggcagcatatgtgattcgcagcaatgaaaacatcaattctgtgaatacggtgctgaattacaaccttgctcgcaatgaccagccattaggtcagctggagtttcttaacaagcgattgagtgaggttcgggtgcagaatcgcagcgatgtcaatgtgatggttgattgggtgctaacacttccacagacactgaataatcaaggttttgcagacgaagagaagtttttcagagaagcatatgcctttttgtcagagcgctatggcaaagaaaatgttatttcggcttatgtccatctggatgagaccacaccccatctgcactttgccttcgttcctgtcacagaggacacgaaacgaggtggttttaagctgtccgccaaggaagtagtgaaccgtcaggatttgagaacctttcacaaaaatttgagcgaccatatggagcgtgtttttggtcgggacattggcatcctcaatgaggcgacaaaagagggaaacaagtcgatccaagagttgaaaagacagagtgcagcagaaagacttcaaagtgccatgctagaagcctctagaatcgtttctaaggctcaagacgatgtgaagcccatagaagaacgtaaaagggtcttacaaggcgaaatagagggcctacagcgcgatttactgacaacgcagcaagtaaaggatgtcccacactcaaaaaccttaatcggcgataagcaagtcatatctactgccgacttcgaagtgctttgcaaaactgcagcaactgcagaagccctgttggaagagattgtgccggcgcgaaaggtaaatgccagggcgaaagaaatcattagccaagcggaagagaaagcaagcgtaatccttgctcgagcaaaacgggagagtctaaagacggttattgacagagaacgaaaggtttctgacttggaaaacaagctgcagagggcaaacaattgcttgcaggtagctttgtcccttctttcagaaacagcaaggcaggaatttgtttccgcatgggatagggcaaaaaatttaaaccaagagcatatgaaaaacgctcccgattgggagcgttaa
>gene_14412|Replication protein
atgtcaagtttaaatttaaatggctggaataataaaaaaatagccaatatttcgcttagtaaggcatatgagagtgtagatacgtgtaaggctaggagattaaaagaatgtgcctttatgttagaatttaaggtattagaggttgttcagcgtaaattaagtaaagcgaatttttgccgtgttagattatgtcctgtttgcagttggagaagagccttaaaagttttcgttcaaatgtgtagtatcatgagttatttgcagcaaaatggtggatgtgatgaatatcgttatttgtttcttactctcacaataaaaaattgt
>gene_31682|RepA protein
atgatcgtagcttcagaacaccaagcaaagctaaggcagaaagaaatacaggaaatcgacaagaaggcatctaaagagcacgaggaggcaaagaagaacagtaacttcactcagacatacccaaagggctggcaacgcattagagagcttgtgagggacaaacagggtgctgccgctataggtctttactcatttttcgctgaacacatagatcctacatgcggtgcagtggtctgcgatcagcagtttttagctaatcagatgggtgtttctactcgaacaattcgtcgttggttagattatttggaggagaaaggtgctttggtaagaataccagttgctggaaaggtttgtgcttacgctttagatcctcacgaagtctggaagggatataacacatcaaaagactactcagcctttgttaccaagacattagtgaacaaggatggagaaataaaacgccggataatggctatgttttccggagaggagagcggtcaagagcagtag
>gene_37858|RepA plasmid replication protein
cagcagtttttagctaatcagatgggtgtttctactcgaacaattcgtcgttggttagattatttggaggagaaaggtgctttggtaagaataccagttgctggaaaggtttgtgcttacgctttagatcctcacgaagtctggaagggatataacacatcaaaagactactcagcctttgttaccaagacattagtgaacaaggatggagaaataaaacgccggataatggctatgttttccggagaggagagcggtcaagagcagtag
>gene_37857|RepA
atgatcgtagcttcagaacaccaagcaaagctaaggcagaaagaaatacaggaaatcgacaagaaggcatctaaagagcacgaggaggcaaagaagaacagtaacttcactcagacatacccaaagggctggcaacgcattagagagcttgtgagggacaaacagggtgctgccgctataggtctttactcatttttcgctgaacacatagatcctacatgcggtgcagtggtctgcgat
>gene_52901|Replication Protein (Fragment)
gaggactacgatgaacctggggccttcgagcgcttgcaggccattgttagggccagtaaggggcatagggttaagggcgggtatatcgcgctcccagacaacttgcaagacggcagaacatgggttgctggaacgcgcggcggcgttggttacttccggctttatgaggcgggaaagcacccggacagaatccatttaggccgtcctgattgggcacgcgcagagcttgaggcgcgcccgcattacgccaaagataaagccgctgccgcaaccatgtcaccgctcgatgtttgggggctgtgcgcgtggacgcataaggtcggtgagaagttggcaggttgccgtatcaatcgttttgagcctcaagcaaggcagtacagccacgataaaacaaccctctacattgcgcgcactttccgccgccacctggaggaaatgcaggccaacggagaggacttcatgcgcacctgcaaggatatttggggccaggacgatttactgggcaggtag
>gene_15509|replicative protein
atatataatccaaaagaactttgtcctatttttgaaaaatttattaaaagattaaggtattattttaaaaatataaaacttgattacatatatgttccagaacctcacgaaaaaggagattggcatatacatttattattaaagtccgatagtgaattatatataaaaaattccaaattaaatgaaatatggggggaaggttttgtaaaagtaaacagattacaagacgtagataatattggtgcttatgtttcggcatatttaacaaatataaaagatggagaagaaacaaaaaaaggtgctagactttatttatatccagctggtcatcaattatacagatgttcaaaaggaatattgaagccccaaagtgagtatttgccttattataaagcaaaagaaaaagttagctctggcaagccaacttttactagtactgtttgtgttgttactgataatggtttttctaatataattcataaagaatattttaacttaaaaagattatag
>gene_35183|Replication protein
atgcacctgctggtcgccaacatgggcaaagacgcagcggtcgccaccagccaagccacgctggcatccctcatgaatgtgagcctcaacacagtcaaacgagcgcttgccgtcctcgtcgaagagcactggattgaggttgtgcgcgttggcagcgagcgtggtggggtaaacgtctacgttgttaaccggcgggtcgcttgggctgacaaacgtgacaaccagcgctatgcggcctttgacgcccgtattttggtcagagaggccgaacaggatgcgcccatcgcagatgatcgccccccactgcgtcaactgccgtccctctctccgggagatatgcagctgccacacggcgatgggctgccaccaccttctcagccatcgctggtcgacgctgaccttccaagcttggaaatcccagacccttgggcagaagagcgcatcgaactggcgaggcgtgatgctgccgggactccaagggccttcccggggcatccaatcgagggttaa
>gene_34006|RepA (Fragment)
atgaccacatcgattctgaaaactgaagattcccggccagcgacttttggctggctccaggtcgacaaaaaggtcggccaagagctccagaagctcgctgtgaagcatccggcggccatgggcaccctgatctacctcatgacgaacatgggccgaaataacgcccttgcagtgtctcaagcggtcatagccagcaaagttggcgtaaccatcgcggcagtcaatcgagccatcaaggtgttgaacgaccgtcgtttcatcgaagtcgtgaaggttgcaaacctatgcgtgtaccgagtcaatacgcgcgttgcttggcaaggaaaccgaggcgaacgcttcgcacatttcatggctgacatcatcgcttttgaaggtgagcaaggcggcgcgtcgttggacaacttggagccactaaaacaggtgcctgtgctggacgatggcgagcgctacctggtcggaaatgagccagttgatccacccgatcagggcgagttagaactcccgtaa
>gene_18700|Firmicute plasmid replication family protein
atgaccacatcgattctgaaaactgaagattcccggccagcgacttttggctggctccaggtcgacaaaaaggtcggccaagagctccagaagctcgctgtgaagcatccggcggccatgggcaccctgatctacctcatgacgaacatgggccgaaataacgcccttgcagtgtctcaagcggtcatagccagcaaagttggcgtaaccatcgcggcagtcaatcgagccatcaaggtgttgaacgaccgtcgtttcatcgaagtcgtgaaggttgcaaacctatgcgtgtaccgagtcaatacgcgcgttgcttggcaaggaaaccgaggcgaacgcttcgcacatttcatggctgacatcatcgcttttgaaggtgagcaaggcggcgcgtcgttggacaacttggagccactaaaacaggtgcctgtgctggacgatggcgagcgctacctggtc
>gene_26877|Recombinase
atgaaagagggcaaaaatggcgaaaaggctgacgagtcaaattcgatacagacacaaaaaatgatcctgcttcaatacgcaaagcagaaccattttccgaatcccacgtttttcgtggatgatggttacagcggtgtggacttcgataatcgtcccggttttcagcagatgctcgcagaggtcaaaacaggtcatgtgggtgcgattatcactaaagacctttcaagactgggacgaaactcggcaatgacaagcctgtatatcaatatcgtctttccgaaaagcggtgtccgatatatcgccatcaatgatcacttcgattccatcgacatgaacagcaccgagtgcgacatggcgggtatcaaaaactggttcaatgagtttttcgcaaaagataccagccgcaaaatccgtgctgtgcagaaagcaaagggtgaacgtggcgtaccgctgaccaccaatgttccttatggctacatcaaggacaaagagaatccgcagacttgg
>gene_54050|initiator RepB protein
atgttgccttttgcttttggttgtgctacactatacaaaaaaaggttggagggctttcaaatgcctaagatagttccgtatccttctctattgtcagacacaagcgaatacagaacagcagaaagccgggactacctggttgtaaagcacaacgatattattcaaagacgctactttgaaatccacgaagaagataccaaaaagaatatgtctcttttggaacaaaagatattgctttatgttatcagccgtatcaagccagatgatacagagctgaaagaacaaacgtttgaactacctgagttttgccgggtgtgcggcatagctattgccgggacgaactaccagcacatcaaggacgcaatcaggaagctttcaaaccgcacaatgtggttgtgtgatgatgaagtagatacaactgtcaagtggatagcaaaggccaccatttacaagaagacaggcaaagtcaaaattcgcctggatgaagatatgattccttatctacta
>gene_8170|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggatataacgaaactgattgaagattatggtggttgcgagagtaatgccgatgaactgtactctaccctttttcgattgggtgaccatttcatagaagcggtcgcaggtcagcgtgctgaaacgacatttaagggcaatccgatcatctatatgaacgataaaaaagaatacacaggacggtggaaaagatacattcttctcgaggatacttttcttgaccaaatacacgcagcccaaaaatcgccaagcaatttattgaacgcctgcacctattacggcaagaaaaaagacagtacccgaatggataaatgtttcggactcatatttgaccttgatgatgtcgatgagaaatgcgtgaacaattttctttatcaatgtcggggtggtgtctgtccgatgccgaactttcttgtaatgtcaaaatcgggaaaaggattgcatctgtattatgtctttgaccgacctttgagaatgtacccgaattacaaaatcgaattaaaggatttaaagtatgttctgactaaaagaatatggaacgcctacacatctaaaaacgagcatgtgcagtttcagaattatgaccaatcttttatggtcgcaggaactacgaaaaaaatgaaagtctataaaatgcaggataggccctggagcatagatgaactttctgaaattgtagattatgagtttaagtgggataagtacaagccgacagcctacacgaaagaagaagcaaaagagatgtttcccgaatggtatgaatctgtagttattcggggcgaaaaaagaaacggcagatggacttgtaaaaaagatttatataattggtggttaaggcagattaaggcaggagccgtttatggaactcgctattattgcataatgtgcttaactgtttatgcaataaagtgcggagtgtccaaacgagaattgaggaaagatataaactctttgaaagagtggttaaacgcactcgcacccgaccacccttttacagaccacgatattgaatctgcgttagatgcgtatgatgaatcttttgtgcgttttccgattaaggatattgagtataggtcaagaatccaaataaagagaaataagcgaaatggcagaagccaaaagaagcaccttgagggtgcaagagcaatccgagatattaacaacgataattggagagagggaaacggc
>gene_20777|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggatataacgaaactgattgaagattatggtggttgcgagagtaatgccgatgaactgtactctaccctttttcgattgggtgaccatttcatagaagcggtcgcaggtcagcgtgctgaaacgacatttaagggcaatccgatcatctatatgaacgataaaaaagaatacgcaggacggtggaaaagatacattcttctcgaggatacttttcttgaccaaatacacgcagcccaaaaatcgccaagcaatttattgaacgcctgcacctattacggcaagaaaaaagacagtacccgaatggataaatgtttcggactcatatttgaccttgatgatgtcgatgagaaatgcgtgaacaattttctttatcaatgtcggggtggtgtctgtccgatgccgaactttcttgtaatgtcaaaatcgggaaaaggattgcatctgtattatgtctttgaccgacctttgagaatgtacccgaattacaaaatcgaattaaaggatttaaagtatgttctgactaaaagaatatggaacgcctacacatctaaaaacgagcatgtgcagtttcagaattatgaccaatcttttatggtcgcaggaactacgaaaaaaatgaaagtctataaaatgcaggataggccctggagcatagatgaactttctgaaattgtagattatgagtttaagtgggataagtacaagccgacagcctacacgaaagaagaagcaaaagagatgtttcccgaatggtatgaatctgtagttattcggggcgaaaaaagaaacggcagatggacttgtaaaaaagatttatataattggtggttaaggcagattaaggcaggagccgtttatggaactcgctattattgcataatgtgcttaactgtttatgcaataaagtgcggagtgtccaaacgagaattgaggaaagatataaactctttgaaagagtggttaaacgcactcgcacccgaccacccttttacagaccacgatattgaatctgcgttagatgcgtatgatgaatcttttgtgcgttttccgattaaggatattgagtataggtcaagaatccaaataaagagaaataagcgaaatggcagaagccaaaagaagcaccttgagggtgcaagagcaatccgagatattaacaacgataattggagagagggaaacggcaggaagccacaacataaagaagcggttgaacagtatttcagagagcacccgaacgcaagcgttacggattgtgcttcagatttgaacatagcaagaagtacagtttatcggtggaagaagtaa
>gene_46058|recombinase
gtgattttgccgccctccgtgctggagttgttgaaggtttatcggcagacaatacaagaatcccactggatctttccctcgccggtcaagccggacagcccgtgggatcccacggcgatgcggaaaaagttccagcgggtgatgaagcatgcggggtgtaaagtggttcgcttccacgatctgcgacatacctttgcgaccacggcactctcgcacggcatggatgtcaagacgctttcggcgtacatcgggcacgtctcggcggcgactacactggacatctacagccacgtcaccgacgcaatgcagctacaggccgcgacgaagattgaggcaggcatcggcacaggcgaagcctatgagccgcgggaaacgcctcttgccaaggtggaaaacctgacgccggacgagatgaagcgtccgaagtttgagccgtacaagggcaaaatccgccgcagcggcaccggcggcatctacgaactgaacgaccacctcttcgagggacgctag
>gene_7972|Plasmid recombination-like protein
atggcattcgacttcgcttggaacactcaaaagaactacatgaaagacgtgaaaggaaaagaacgagaacaagaaaggcagggcaggatcaagaacaagatgatcgatccaacccgaacccacctcaactatgatttcgtggaaagcgaggtcagtttatataaaagggtcaaagatcggagagactatctgaaatcacaagggagtaacgtccagtcaaattctgtcgtcatgaactcgaacatcatcacgatcccgaaacaagaagcggagaaaatgtcggacgaggaacaaaaacgatacttcaagagttgctatgactatttctgtgaacgatatggaacggagaacgtgatgagtgccaaagtccatctggacgagacgactccgcatatgcaccttcacttcatgcccgtgaacaaagagaacgggaagttacaggctcggatagcgatcagcccgaaagtcgttcgtgaaatccatcgggagttgccgaagtttttacaa
>gene_38859|conjugal transfer protein TraE
atgttcctcgtaacggtgctcatcatgaatacggcaaagaccaaacagaagcttgaaaacgtggtgttccagacggcagctatcgctcagaagtataactgctctctgaagagattggacttccagcaggaacaggggcttatgagcagccttcctatcgggcagaacctgatcgatattcagcgtggtctcacgacttctgctacggcaatatttgtgcccttcactacggaagaactgttccagtccggcgaagcactgtattacggcatcaatgccatcagcaacaatatgatcatggcagaccgcaagcttctgaagaacccgaacggattgatcctcggcactcccggttccggtaagtccttctcggcgaagagagaaatcagcaattccttcctgatcactaaggatgacatcatcatctgcgatcccgaaggtgagtattaccctctggtacagctcctgcagggccaggtcatccgcatttctccgaatagtgac
>gene_19464|Replication initiation factor
ttgttcgacaccatgtcggcggcgctgatcgagttcgcccagggcaaccgattggccatcaaccagcagggcgactggatcaggggagaggggcgcaccctgtacctcggttcgaaggactcaccggtccggctggtcctgtacgagaaggggttcgagcaaggcggggatgctccccgggactgggttcgtctcgaagctcgcgtccgtccgaaaaggcacgcccgagccgctgtggcggcttgggatgccgttcacaccctctcggcaggctggatacctcaagcactggtagcgctcggctgggaggctctcgaagctcaatccgtcggcacggtctggcggcagtcggacagcgaacgggcacgggcggccctgctcaagcaatacggggcgatcatggcagagtgggcaaccgagcttggcggatgggatgcactaggtcccgaactggcgcggagagtcggcacaccccgaccactgtcaaccggggttcgggtgtaa
>gene_32820|Replication-associated protein
ttgaaaacgataaaacagatagcagatgagctgggagtaagtaagcaggcggttaataagaaaatcacaaatcttggtttgcggtctagcatcaacaaaaacggcaaccaatttatgattgacgaaacacaggaaaagcttataaaaatggcgttttgtgaaactgaatcgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaaaacgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaattcaagaagaaatggcgaaactacatcaagtgaagcacatcaaaaccacatcaatgaagcggtaattgatacacttttgaagcagtctgaaatgctccaaaaggagttggaaatcaaaaataaacagattgaagaactcaataaaagactttacgagaatcagaaacttctggatcaagaacaacagcttcatgctatgacgaagcaggagctaaaactgttagaagtgagagctgatgaacggtcacaagaggaagggaaaaaaccatggtggaagatatggggataa
>gene_32404|Replication-associated protein
ttgaaaacgataaaacagatagcagatgagctgggagtaagtaagcaggcggttaataagaaaatcacaaatcttggtttgcggtctagcatcaacaaaaacggcaaccaatttatgattgacgaaacacaggaaaagcttataaaaatggcgttttgtgaaactgaatcgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaaaacgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaattcaagaagaaatggcgaaactacatcaagtgaagcacatcaaaaccacatcaatgaagcggtaattgatacacttttgaagcagtctgaaatgctccaaaaggagttggaaatcaaaaataaacagattgaagaactcaataaaagactttacgagaatcagaaacttctggatcaagaacaacagcttcatgctatgacgaagcaggagctaaaactgttagaagtgagagctgatgaacggtcacaagaggaagggaaaaaaccatggtggaagatatggggataa
>gene_36821|RepB (Fragment)
gaatcgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaaaacgacaaccaaatcgacaaccaattcaagaagaaatggcgaaactacatcaagtgaagcacatcaaaaccacatcaatgaagcggtaattgatacacttttgaagcagtctgaaatgctccaaaaggagttggaaatcaaaaataaacagattgaagaactcaataaaagactttacgagaatcagaaacttctggatcaagaacaacagcttcatgctatgacgaagcaggagctaaaactgttagaagtgagagctgatgaacggtcacaagaggaagggaaaaaaccatggtggaagatatggggataa
>gene_44355|RepA protein
agtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatacgccctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacatcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_34559|RepA protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggtaggtttcttggaagaaaacaactgcttagtgaaaattcctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatatgctctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacctcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_44356|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgg
>gene_20255|Replication protein RepA
gctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggtaggtttcttggaagaaaacaactgcttagtgaaaattcctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatatgctctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacctcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_43929|RepA protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggtaggtttcttggaagaaaacaactgcttagtgaaaattcctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatatgctctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacctcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_51585|RepA protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggttagtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatacgccctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacatcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_36944|RepA protein
agtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatacgccctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacatcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_9127|Plasmid replication protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtc
>gene_32020|RepA protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggtaggtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatatgctctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacctcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_57990|RepA plasmid replication protein
agaacgataaggaattgggtaggtttcttggaagaaaacaactgcttagtgaaaattcctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatatgctctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacctcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_36945|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgg
>gene_9128|RepA plasmid replication protein
tcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggttagtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatacgccctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacatcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggagtga
>gene_34851|RepA protein
atgggaacacaagaagtaattacagagactcaaatcaaacaaagactcttagacttggaagagcaaaacagaaaactgcaacaggagctcctagaagagcgtaagaacacgaatttcactcaaacctacccaaagggatgggagaggattagaaacctcatacagagcaatccaggagctgctaggttgtattccgtcctatcagaacacatcgatggcaactgcggagcagttgtagcagaccaacaattcttagcggaccagctttccgtaacaaccagaacgataaggaattgggttagtttcttggaagaaaacaactgtttagtgaaaatccctattgctgggaagatctgcgcatacgccctagatcccgccgaagtttggaaggggtataacacatcaaagccatatgcagccttcgttaccaaaacgctagtaaacagcgaaggtgtaatcaaaaggcgtctacaggcctgcttcggaagctcagagccggag
>gene_48071|Replication protein
atggatagggcacatgggccgccgatagggcgtgccggacccctccccgatcccctcaagcttgcaggcggagggaccgaggacggggctaaggtagggtttggtgagttgcccgcgaggttggttcgctatggtaatgctcggcaccgggcgttggaggtcttagcgtatggccgcgacccaagcaacatccagcgtggcacagagcgtaaggcggcaatggggtcagtcctcggccgactagagcggtgtgggtcgtacctagagttctggcactaccacaccgtggaccaagtgaagctgacgcgtgcggagttctgcaagcagcatctgctttgccaactgtgtgccgttcgccggggatccacgtacatggccgggtatctgcctaagttcgagcagctgatgcgcgagcagcccagcctaaagcccgtactggtcactctgacggtcaagaacggcccggacctagtcgagcgggtagaacacctcatgaaggcg
>gene_33645|Putative repliccation protein B
atgacaaatgaaatcgttaaatataaaaacgaactaaataagttctctttctcgggattaaccgaaaccgagctcgacattgttttctccatttttcataaattcaaagataaaggacaaactgaaatcgcctttcaaactgaagagctaaaggagcttatcgaatacactcgaaaggatataacttttgagcgatatgcttttaagacttttaccaaaattcagagcttcaaaattgagtgcagaaaccctgtaaataaagtcgaattattgagtgtagttgtgtttccgataattactttgaacgaaaaagagcgctacgttaaagttactataagcccgattattgccgattatctcaacgctatagagaataatttcacacgctttgaattagcagagtttgttaatttacaaagcggttatgctaaaacactatatagacttttaaaacagtttcgctctactggctgggcacaatttgagtgggaagagttttta
>gene_16831|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagctatgggattgtgcgagtgcagaagttcacaaggggcgatgtgaaagggatagaggtgcatgatcgccgtacaaaggagggggtcagccacaccaatcccgacattgcctgggaacgcagcggggaaaattacgatctgtgcccggcacagaaccggaatttccatcgcgccatcaaagagcggatcgagcagctccatttgcccaaggctgtacggaaagatgccgttgtcatggcccaggtgcttgtgacctccgattggggtttcttcgatgccttgccccaagagcagacccggaaattttttcaggatgcgtacgcttttcttgccgacaggtatgggaaagagaatgtcgtttctgccgtggtccacatggatgagcggacgccgcacatgcacttcaatttcgtcccagtgaccgaggatgggcatttgtctgccaagcgcatttttaccagggcctccctggtcgagcagcagacggctttccagaacgcagtaggggtgcattacggcctgcagcgaggaaagaccagggcagaaaggctggggctgggcgtagaaagagagcacttggatacaccggagtacaaatacgccaagaagctggaggccctgatgcaagaggtgagctacgccgaggaaatgaaggggtatgcgcaggaggagctagagaacacgatagatgccatggaaaggtgtttagaagaccagaaaaagggagaaaaaaggctgggagagaccagcgaaagactgcgggaagcccgtgagaagctggctgtcgaaacagcgatgatcgccggcatgcaaggcgtggttcccatgaagccgttgaaagagcgaaagaagccctttgggggagaagtgaccgtagagatctcaaaagaggacttcgaaaggggacaaactgccatgaatgccgtttccggggcccagaaggccctagaaacggcccgaaagctcccaagcgtattggaacgccaaaacgaagaaagggcccttaacggccgtctgagcgaaaaagagcgctatatagattttcaaagggaacaaatacaagcctggaagggccaggtggaggaattgtcgcagcagcttgaggaggaacacgaaagatggctcgccttctatcgccgagtgatcgacttgatagagaacgcacggggctgcagcaagcaggaggcaaaaagggtagccgaccaaatgtacaaccggggggaactgccgcgatgggctcagcctgaacgcaatgaggtgtacaggcctgggcggcagcgggccgatgattgggagcgatag
>gene_55271|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgcgcggcatgatggaaagacaaaatcaatggattccgccggatcactatgccgcgatcagacggcggctcgatccgcgcatggcggtgctgtgcgatctccttcgggagaccggataccgggtggatgatgtactacggtcgacggtcggagagtggcgcggaaaggactccgtaacgctctacgaatacaaaacaaagaagcggcgtacggtcgaactgacagaaccggcacgatcggcagtcagacggctgctggcgtaccggtatgacctccgggacgacgatccgctgtgtccggcacgccgtccggtggtcggcggtcgtccgtggttgcatcgttcgacggtttaccgggcgtttgtgcgggcatcagagcgagctgggctgagtgatagggggtacacagtccacagcttgcggaaatgctatgcgcggtcggcgtacgagcgtacaggatcgcttttggcggtgcaacgagacctcggtcataagtccctc
>gene_51456|RepB protein
atgaaaacaataaaacagatagctgatgaattgggagtcagcaagaccgcggtaaggaaaaaaatcgaaaaccttggactttccggcaaagtgcaaaccaacggaaaccggattctgattgatgataagcaggaaaagcttataaaatcagcatttcaaaaaaatgaaacggaaaccgagaaccacaaaccggttgctgaaaaaacggaaactttgcagttggtttccggtatggtttccaccctaacagagcagttaaaagaaaaagatagacagttggcagagaaagataagcagttggaggaaaaagaccgacagataaaggctgttcatgaactgttggcagaaaatcagaaactgttagaccaacagcaacatctaaacgctttgacagaacagaagctaaggctcctggaacagaaagaaagccaggaagaggaacagaaccaacagccggaagagaagcagagcttttggagccggctttggcataaaagtaactaa
>gene_28235|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtccggacaaacgtccaccaaagatagagttagaattagaactagagttagagaggtagatatgggaaaaactgtttcttgtagtgcgggtccagtagccgtagcacatgatagacgagaatttaaagcaaaagaaaatggcgaaaaggatattccggaaaacatcaatccggaatattcagaacacaatgtttatataaaaacgtgtgacaatatcagaaatgcttttaacgatttcttccgcgatagcgtggatgagtataacagtaatcagagcagagccgatagaaagaaaacggattactacaaagagattcagaactcaaaaaatggggaaatccccatttacgaatatgtttttcaaatcggcaacaaagacgatactccatctatgagcgaggacggaataaaatgcagagatattttggttaaatacgcaaagtccttcgaagaaaaaaacccgaattttcatgtaatatcgtcttgcgtccatatggac
>gene_38668|Putative replication protein
atgaaaaataattatttatcggttttagaagtatctaaaaaattaggttttacaaaaaacgccgtaaaatatcacttaaaaaaattaccgccggaaatgctggagaaagacgaaaacaaccgtatttttataagcccggagggcgtggagcttttacgcggtaaaatgggcgagaaagagccggaacagaaccaggaaacacaccaggacaaagaaccaggaaaaaccgacaatttaccggcaaaagtagaagcgccactatatgacagcttattaactacagttgaaacattgcgcgaacagctggcacaaaaagacgcacaattaaacgccagcaacgccgagaaagcaacgctattgcaattattaaaccagcaacagcaattaacggccggacaaattgcacaaataaacaaatacattgaagcacacgacgaaacagcaaccagcaaagaaccggaaaaacgcggattttttagcggtatttttggggctaaaaaatga
>gene_54619|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcatgctgcgaaatatacgaagaacgcctccggtcatttgatggctcattatgaacggttaaaggttaaggatccgaagactggtgagtatgaatacatcaaatttggaaaccaagacatagatccgagccgaacccatttgaattacaatctggctccggaacgagaaggcggtcagatggccttcctgagacagaggctgtctgagtgcaaagtcctgaaccgagctgatgtgaatgtcatgtgttcttgggtggtgacgctgccgaagtttgaataccatgacccgacgaagcacgtccacgttgacagggagaagatcagcgagctgttcttcgagagaacctaccgtttcattgccgacagatatggagaggacaacgttatttctgcctacgttcatcgtgatgaaaacgaggatcatatgcactgcccctttgtgccggtgatgtacgacgaaaagaccggcggatccaaagtctgcgcgaagaaggttctgagccggacggatctgcaatctttccattcggatctggaaaaatacctcgatagcttcaatgactggcatttccatgtcctgaatggagccacgaaggacggcaaccgcacggtggctgagctgaaaaagcagactgcccatgaagaagttctgaaagcgcagcagcaggccgctgaggccgttcagcagcttcaaatggttcgtgagcggattgcaacagcaaaagaagaggagcggcagctggaggctaaaaaacggactctggagggcgacatcgcagctctggagcaggtcaaggacaccatcacggcgaaagagatggagcggatcgaggccagcaagggagcttttggcggcctaaaaggagtttcctacaaggattgggaggctgcaaaggccacaatcgccagatctgaagaggcattgacaaagtatgattccctgaaggctgagaatgacggtctgaaggccgaaaacaaaggtctgaaggaaaagatttccggccttgaagggattgtcacgcagctccgaaacgctgtacaagcctttaaggacttcctgaaagagaagttcccagcgcagtacatggatatcctgagtttgatcgatcggcgcaccagagagccgaaggaagttagccaggataagccgcatccagctccggagcggaagaggccagagggacagggaatggatgaaatcaaggctcagatccagaaagtaagatctgaaaccaaggacgagattacagccacacgacagagaagcaccaccagaaaggatcctcacggggatagataa
>gene_32651|Putative replication protein
gtgaaatcgaaaaatgtagaaaattcgtttttgaatggagatgtttatatggaatatagtatcaaagaccttgcagagcaagtaggcgtaagcaagcaagccatatcagataaaatcaaaaaattaggtttgcaaagtgagttgtcaagaaagaacaacaggtttgtattaaacgaaaatcaagcaaaccttgtaaaatcagcgtttcaaagtaatagtcaagcacaatcgcaaagcaagtttacaaaccaaaataacgatttgctttatgatattgtaaagactttgcagttacaattagaggaaaaagacaaacaaattgcctattatcaagaagaaaaccgtaggctttcagatatggcagcacaaagtcaagcactacacgcaggaacaatacaaacacaattattatcagaacaaaatgaaccaccaaagaaacaaggcttaaaatcaaaaataaatcatttttttagtagaaaggagaatataagcaatgagtga
>gene_44390|Putative replication-associated protein (Fragment)
atgtcaaacgaacgcagtcgaagatggcaaattacggagaataacgcggactatacaaaggagcgaggagcggaactcgtcgcgagtataggcgagacggaatacgtcgcgagcggttgtgaaatgggtgaaagcggaactaaacacattcacatattcgtagtatttaagaatgccatcaacgaaaagtccattaaaaaggttttgccacgttgccactacgagaaatgtcgtggcagtaatgcgcaaaatagagagtacgtcattaaagacggcgactattttgaaagcggtgctttaccgcttgccacattcagtgagcgaaaagatacgagcgcgaatgaagttattaaacttcttcaaaagggtgcttcccttttggatttaatgagcgattaccccgaattgacggggtattgtatcgaccattttaggactttaaaagaaattgaagagttcattcagtatcgagaattaagacgaattaagggcaagaaataa
>gene_551|Putative replication-associated protein (Fragment)
atgtcaaacgaacgcagtcgaagatggcaaattacggagaataacgcggactatacaaaggagcgaggagcggaactcgtcgcgagtataggcgagacggaatacgtcgcgagcggttgtgaaatgggtgaaagcggaactaaacacattcacatattcgtagtatttaagaatgccatcaacgaaaagtccattaaaaaggttttgccacgttgccactacgagaaatgtcgtggcagtaatgcgcaaaatagagagtacgtcattaaagacggcgactattttgaaagcggtgctttaccgcttgccacattcagtgagcgaaaagatacgagcgcgaatgaagttattaaacttcttcaaaagggtgcttcccttttggatttaatgagcgattaccccgaattgacggggtattgtatcgaccattttaggactttaaaagaaattgaagagttcattcagtatcgagaattaagacgaattaagggcaagaaataa
>gene_33669|RepA protein
atgagagagatcgatttagaacgctctagagaggctcaggagaggcgtgaagagcaaaagaacagtaagttcacccaagtgtctccgaagggctgggaacgcattagagagctttctaaggacaagcagggagtagctgcgatctcgctttactcattcttggctgaacacatagatccaacttgtggtgctgttgtagctgaacagcagttcttagctgacaaactgaacgtcagcaggagcacgataaaacgctggctaaactacctagaatcaaaaaacgcagtggtgagaatccccgttgcaggcaacgtttgcgcctatgctctagacccacatgaggtttggaaggggtacaacacgagcaagggatacgccgcttttgtgagtaaaactctggtgaacgttgatggtgatgtccaacgacggatcgtagcgatgttcaaggggcaagagctggacggcgatgctaaagaccagcaagacctcgatttagagtga
>gene_35068|RepA protein
atgagagagatcgatttagagcgcgctaaagaggcccaggaacggcgtgaagaccaaaagaacagtaagttcacccaagtatccccaaagggctgggaacgcattagagagctttctaaggacaaacagggtgtagctgcaatcgcgctgtactcgtttttagctgagcacatcgatccaacgtgtggggctgtcgttgctgaacaacagtttttggctgacaaactgaacgttagcaggagcacgatcaagcgttggttaaactaccttgaggccaaaaatgcggtagtaagaatcccagttgccggcaacgtctgcgcctatgcgctagacccccatgaggtttggaagggttacaactccagcaaaggctatgcagcattcgtaagcaaaacgttggttaacgttgacggtgatgtacagcgccgaatcgttgccatgttcaaagggcaggaaggcgacgctaaagaccaatgcgacctgcctttagagtga
>gene_8844|Replication protein B
atgaaagacgagtatatcagcatatcagagtttgcaaaaaaggcaggtgtaagtcatcaagcgatctacaaacggcttgataaagatttgcaaccgtggttgcaagttgcaaacagcaagaaacttataaatatcaaagctttagaactctttgaagttaaggaaagtgcaaccgattcaaccgaggttgcaacaataaaactgcttcaaaagacggtcgaaatgcttgaaaaagagctgtctgttaagaatgatcaaatcaaagaccaggcaaaacagatcacagagctttcggacagactgaaggagagccatctgcttatagatcatcaacagcaacttgccgtagccggtatgctcacagcaacaagcgaaccggaaaaacctgatccggacgaagagacaactcaggagctgactggcactccccctcagtacaatcatgtagagatagatcaacctcgcaagtggtggcagttcaggaagaaaaggactgattga
>gene_15270|RepA
aactgtactttaacggttgctgtaaatcctcgctttgcctttcttttaaacgattttacgcaaggcggatacacacaaatggagctaaagcgcttcatcaaaatcgagggcaagtatgcgaaaacaatctatcgttatttaaggcagttccgctctactgggtattggcgagttgggtacgaggactttcgcgacattctcgccattccagcaagctacaagccgaggaacatatcgcaaaaagttttaaagcctgcactcgaagagctgtcgaagtattttccggagcttaaatgcgagccgttctacctaccgaaacagggcgctcctcttggcggttacactttcactttcatcggagaaaatgatgttccagggcagatgaaccttgaagatgtggcgcaaaaaacagtgcagaaagcaactaaaaacaaatttaagaattttaaggagcgcgcctatgattatgacgagctggaagaaaaactctttaatacctga
>gene_7690|Putative replication protein
ttggcaaaaaagataaaaatgactttaacggattacgcaaaagagcgaggcatacagccacaaaccgtatatagatacctggcaaggcatccccaaatcgctaagttggcaaaaaagacaaggggaggccgctcttatgaagtaacgccggagctgatcgaggcattaaaggataagtatccattacccacggatattgtagtaagggacccagatcaagaccgagaaataaacgaacttaaaaatcagctgttggaggccaggaagatcataattgacaagcaggaggagctaaacggcatcaaagatcgcctgctcgaggccgaggctgccaagctccagatcgaggacaaacagcaccagatagatgatttgcaggctaaaaacagcgaattaagtcaaaaaattgaggaaatcacgcaacaacagacagacttgcagacaaaactggatgcggtgaataaagccggattaatagatcgagtgtttaggcggtggtaa
>gene_42653|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgaatacaacgagcaaaaaacaaaagtttattagaagcaaatcattctatgacccagaaacaggagaagaaataccattccaagaagtaatggttgaagacagggattttaattttcacaaagtatggttacagcatttcataaacagccttgatgaaataagtaatcaaaaattaaaattagcattttggataatagacaatctaaattcagacaatcaattaattatgacacaaagaaaaatatgtgaaaaaacaggtatatcaaattacactgtaataaaaacaatgaaagctcttcaagaaggagaaacaccattcttaataaaaataaactctggagcatatcaaattaaccctgacgtcatatggaaaggtagtcacaaaaatcgtatgggaattgtatttgattataatacaagggcatcacagaaccgctcagaacgtcaggaagagacggaacaattagagggacagttatcattcgatgaggagaaa
>gene_56244|replication protein, partial
atgtcaaaagaaaacgcaataaaaaccgctacaaaaaaacacaaaaaagtatctgtgacttttggtagcgaagaaatttacagaagagataacgaaacaggcgaacttgttccacttgaagcaactgttataaacgaagaatttgataaagaagaagatataaattgggacaaaatatggcttgctgaagttatgactgctattgaagaaataggcaataagaaaataaaagtagccaattatatccttactaaaagagataaaaacaacaatatgcttattaaaacacaaagagaaatagccgaagcctgcaatgtatccttgcaaacggtatcaactacattacaagcattagaagcagctgatttgattattggtagaactggactttatcaagttaatcccgatagagtagcgtatggtaagcataataaaagaatggcaattttaagagtttataatcaaaacaaggaaataaaaaataaggatacaaaaaaatga
>gene_4821|RepB
atgggcttatatgttaccgaaaagttatcggaaaggggcgcaaacaaaatgacaatcaaggaacttgcaaacgagttaaatttatcaaaagtatcggttaacaagagaatcgatgagttgggattaaaggacaaacttataaagcagggcaaccgttacgatgtacccgcagaagttgcggaacaagtgcgggaatcttatagcgcaaagccgaaagcggaatcgaagaaagaatcgaaagccgatgtaattgagatattaaacaatcaacttatcgagaaagacaaacagattgaagcgttaatgaatcagttagcgctattgcaggagcagaacggcgcattattgcagaccgtccagcaggggaattatttgctggctggtgctatcggcgtaacagaaaacgagcctgttgagccagaaagtgctatcgatccgagtgagaaagaagaaaaaccagcaaagaaaaagggcttttttagccgtttattcggttaa
>gene_2349|RepB-like protein
atgaaagatttatctattttagaagcagcgcgcgagcttggatatactaaaaacgcggttaaatatcaagtagcaaaacttcccgccgatttagtatacaaagacgagagcggcaaaacatacataaaacccgcaggaataaaggcgttgcgggctgtaatggggcaaaaaccacagaacaacaaccacgaaacaaccacgaaacaaaccacgcaagaaccaccaaacaaccacgaaacaaccacgcaagaaaatgcgctatttttaactattgaaacgctgcgcgagcagctgcttgcaaaagataaacaaatagccgaaaaagataaacaaatagagaacttaacaacggcactattaaacgagcagcacagcgcacagcaggctcacacgctccacgctggaacaatgagcgctaatatgcttgaaatgagaacgggagaaccggaacagacgcggagagggggctggcaattttggaagaagaaaagcttataa
>gene_39535|Replicase family protein
ttggtgttcgatttcgaccgtgctggggcactggtggcggctgaggaagcgggcttgcctgagccgaattgggtggccgaaaacagggacagtaggcggggccatctggcctacgcgctggcctgtccagtcatcaccacggacgcggccagagccgcgcccctgaggtatgccgccgccgtccagcaggcctacacggacgccctgcgggctgacgctggttatacgaatttcatcaccaagacgcccggccatgaggcatggtcaacgcggtgggggaggggagaggcctacacgctcgaagagctggccgactacctgccgcacggcttgcccacggtcaggaagaagcgggccgaagccagtggcctcgggcgcaatgtgtgcctgtttgagagcctgagggcatgggcataccgccaccgcttccgccacaccgacgccgaccagtggcacgcctcgacccttgcccaagcgcgtgcgctcaacacctac
>gene_51637|Putative mobilization protein
atggcactttggaagaaggctgcagcgccggcaaagccggtcgcagaacagacgccggcagagccggcgaagaagagaaagaacaagcaggatgatacccggcgtgagcgcagcgatatgctgcggctgcgtctgacgccggccgagaaggcatacataaaagagcaggcgaaggctgccggcatgaacgtgaccgactacctggtcgcctgcagcaggcaggtgccggtgatctacattcccggcgtgccggatctggtactggagctccggcgtcagggcaccaacctgaaccagatggcaatgatggccaacgcgtgccatgacacgagggcgctcgatctgcaggctgctgcagctgacgccagagcggccagagaggaaatcagggagttctgcctgcgctgggaagcgcagatccagaacgcagctgcagagacggaggtgacagctgatggccatcctgaaggcgagccacagcaaggcgacgccaactaa
>gene_55848|Replication initiator protein
atgattaaacatgataaagacatattgctagacatggcaacgggagaaacaaccccaaaagtagaacactatcatattatgatagaattaaaaaatccgattagttttaattcaattcagaacaagtttaaaggcgcacatattgaagtgcctaaatacaaaaaaagtacatatcaatatttactccacaattcccctaatagtaaagaaaaatatcaatatgactttactgagattatatcaaataatttagaattagtaaaggacgctattgagaatgaagattttgaaatatttaaggagaatcaatggctaagatatatggcggaaggtacaataacatcatatcaatttgttaagcgttttggaatgaatgtttataagcaatattggagcgtatatgcacaaatgattaaggaactagaaaacgataccgagatgcaacgagactatgaactattaaaacacgatatgacacaagagagactaccattttaa
>gene_5018|Putative replication protein
atgaatataactgaatttgcgaaaagccgaggcgttgatccgcaagccgtccagaaatacgtggcccgaaacaaggatctgtttgatggtaaaacagtaaaagacggaaaagagatccagcttttagaggcagctattgcgatcttggaaaaacaatacccgcttcctcagcctgtccatgtgctgcaggggatcgatccggaagaacataggcgcgtgctggcgcagctggctgctgccgagacaaggaactctcaggcacttgaccggatcgctcagcttcttcaggaacatggagagcttaaggaacgcctggcacatggcgaagccgtccagcttctcttggaggataaaagccagcgcctggatcagacggaggcaaagttggatcagactacagctcaggcagcgatcttgaaagaagaattgacggcagcccagggcgaaatagagcgcctaaaagccaggagtctttggcagcggatcaggaataagtag
>gene_8690|RepB protein
ggcgtaaagacacaagcccaagcacaagaggtctttgattcctttggtgctattcactgtacgccgattaacgatagtgtggcttatgctcggtatcttatccatatggataaccccgaaaaagcacaatataacccagacgatattctctgctttggcggtgctgattggtcaagtatggtaaggactgcggccgataggtataaagcactagccgacatatgcgactattgtgttcactatcagattttgagttattcagtcttaattgacgatttaagaactacaaattacgagtggttcaaggttgccgccgataatacagtgttcctaaagaactatctcgcaagtcgtgtgtggacagatgaccgtatgcggcagggtttaggtttcggcaagattcctcgccagtag
>gene_31740|Segregation and condensation protein A
cgcctcgatctcgtgcgccagctcgtcgaatacaagaagttcaaggacgccgccgggcgcctcggcgaatacgaggcgcttgtgcaggaacgcttcgactacggcggcggccgaccgaagttcgagaagacggcggccgatgcggcggacgccctttcgcgcatcgacctctacgatctgctgacggcgttccaggacgtgctcgcgcgcctgagcgaggtccccaccggcgaactcaagggagcccgcttcagcgtgccggagaagatggacctcatcctcgaacgcacgcgcgcggacgggcaggtctcgttctcgcatctctttgacgcgcagtcgccgcgcggcgaggtaatcgtgacgttcctcgcgctgttggagcttctgcgccagcaccgcatcatcgtctaccagaacgccgccttccacgaaatcaccgtcctcccctcgaaggagatgcccgaggacgccccgctggaggcgccggatgaatggtag
>gene_36317|RepA
atgttgaaaacgacaaagcgcgtcatcgattctgagacgcagactcatgatccccagacaggggaagtcgaacagggaaagctgatgtgggtcccacatcggacacgcagtcagttcgggagcgactggtttcagatggcacaagacacccttcggatgatcaacgctcacagaagcgagctgggcctagaaggaatcgtcgtcttcaacagcctcatggcaaggctggattttgaaaacttcatccaggtgagccagcgcgaaatcgcagacgagttgagcatgcagccctcgaacgtttcgagggctatgaaaaagctagatgacctcggatttatccgcagaggtccaaaagtcggccgctcctacactcttcagctccatccttcactggcttggaaaggaaaagcgcagtcgcacatgaccgcaaccagccacgccaaacgggacggatggactgttatcaaaggtggccagggaacactggacgtctag
>gene_15961|replication protein Rep
gaagatagtacttactttgaagatcttgttttatttcaaagatttgttattgataaagaaaatgagaaagttattttacaagccagtaatagatttgaatttattcttaacaatataagcaaaaattttactagatttgaattagaaacgatgactaagctttcgagtacttatacgaaagaattgtataggcaattaatggctcataaagatttatccgatggtacgggtgcttggtatgttaaagttgatgattttagaaaggtattatctattcctgatagttatagaatgagtgatattgatcgtcagatttttaacactgctaaaaaagaatttacactcgtacaagaaaatggacgtcctctttttgaatatttccgagtcgaaaaggtaaaagctaaaaaaggaaatcgaatttcatcctttaaaatttattttaaagaacatcgtttgaacatttcaatgcataattggctaaatgaggacgaataa
>gene_56044|Plasmid replication protein
atggtagataagaccgaatactctaaggatgccaatatcaaatacataagcaagtcaaccaggtatgtagatgagacaggcgaacatgagatgacagaaaccgaagtatacaagaaatactacggtggagcacacttctacagagtgtggttatctgacctcctgtatcaccttaacctcatcagcaactcacgtcaacttgacgtgctgttttacatgctagacaatgtaaacggcgacaatcttttcatcggaactcaccgagccatctctgaagctaccaaggccagcacgaagacggtcaacctgatcatcaagaagatgatcgaagccgatctgatcaccgttaagcaacgaggcgtttacatggtaaagcctacgctgctcatgaagggtgataatgttcgcaagcacagattgaccatcgaatacgaaaacatcaagaaaaccaagcaagagcaaatgaccatcgatgaagtgatggacgaacagtaa
>gene_37417|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagaggtatcggaacaaccatttccggcatgatggggcatggcagcatccggcataacaaccgggagttcaccgcagccaatgtagaccgtgaacggtcggggcagaatattgtttttgtcaacgaggatctgaagcagacctatgacaagctgttcggcgaggtgctggaggcatacaacgccgggaagaaaaagacaagggataagatcccagactactatgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaagctgttccatgaggccatcttccagattggcaacctgaacgactgcggctgcggtacggaggacggccagcgggcagcggaggcgctgaccgagtttgcaaagacctttcaggagaggaacccccatctctatgtgttcaacatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacaccgcaccttcatgtagactacatcccggtggcaacggagcaaacgagggggctggctacaagggtgtccatgaagcaggcgctcaagcagcagggctttaccggcgtcggccggaaacagaccgagtggaaggcttggatggatcgggagaaggaagcgctgacggagatcgcccagcagcacgaatttgaaattatctctctcggcagcaaccggcggcacatggatctgccggagtaccgggcggcgatccaggaggccgaggccgtgcaggagcagacggcagcagcctcgcaggagctggcggatctgcagaagaagaaaacggaattgacgggtgagattaggtctctctcgggcactgtggcggcgctgagggccgcagaacgggtgagggtggacttcgataccatccgaccggaaaaaacgctcacaggggctgtcaagggcgttaccgtggagcagatccagcagctcaaggaggtagccatgatcggagctactgcgaagcagacggtggtggagctgaagaagaaaaatgctgcgctggaagaagaaaaagtcgagctgagaaagaagatcccttccgttcatgagaggctggaggcggtggagcagcgaagccgccttgaacgcctaaaccggcagctctggagtgagaacaaggagctgaaggcggagctggaggaagaacgcggtttttcaggccggctgctggaggccgttgaccgtgtgctggatatgctggagcgtcaccttccaaaacagcttcttcacctcgtcgataaggcgagggagctgcttccggagcgtcagatccaccggcaggaaaaacagcatgagagaggccatccccggggtgatatgagcctgtaa
>gene_34710|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagaggtatcggaacaaccatttccggcatgatggggcatggcagcatccggcataacaaccgggagttcaccgcagccaatgtagaccgtgaacggtcggggcagaatattgtttttgtcaacgaggatctgaagcagacctatgacaagctgttcggcgaggtgctggaggcatacaacgccgggaagaaaaagacaagggataagatcccagactactatgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaagctgttccatgaggccatcttccagattggcaacctgaacgactgcggctgcggtacggaggacggccagcgggcagcggaggcgctgaccgagtttgcaaagacctttcaggagaggaacccccatctctatgtgttcaacatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacaccgcaccttcatgtagactacatcccggtggcaacggagcaaacgagggggctggctacaagggtgtccatgaagcaggcgctcaagcagcagggctttaccggcgtcggccggaaacagaccgagtggaaggcttggatggatcgggagaaggaagcgctgacggagatcgcccagcagcacgaatttgaaattatctctctcggcagcaaccggcggcacatggatctgccggagtaccgggcggcgatccaggaggccgaggccgtgcaggagcagacggcagcagcctcgcaggagctggcggatctgcagaagaagaaaacggaattgacgggtgagattaggtctctctcgggcactgtggcggcgctgagggccgcagaacgggtgagggtggacttcgataccatccgaccggaaaaaacgctcacaggggctgtcaagggcgttaccgtggagcagatccagcagctcaaggaggtagccatgatcggagctactgcgaagcagacggtggtggagctgaagaagaaaaatgctgcgctggaagaagaaaaagtcgagctgagaaagaagatcccttccgttcatgagaggctggaggcggtggagcagcgaagccgccttgaacgcctaaaccggcagctctggagtgagaacaaggagctgaaggcggagctggaggaagaacgcggtttttcaggccggctgctggaggccgttgaccgtgtgctggatatgctggagcgtcaccttccaaaacagcttcttcacctcgtcgataaggcgagggagctgcttccggagcgtcagatccaccggcaggaaaaacagcatgagagaggccatccccggggtgatatgagcctgtaa
>gene_35978|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagaggtatcggaacaaccatttccggcatgatggggcatggcagcatccggcataacaaccgggagttcacagcagccaatgtagaccgtgaacggtcggggcagaatatcgtttttgtcaacgaggatctgaagcagacctataacaacctgttcggcgaggcgctggagacatacaacgccgggaagaaaaagacaagggacaagatccctgactactacgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaaactgttccatgaggccatcttccagatcggcaatctgaatgactgcggctgcggcacggagggcggccagcgggcagcggaggcactgacagagttcgcaaagacctttcaggagcgcaatccccatctccatgtgttcaacatggtgctgcacatggacgag
>gene_30044|Protein rep
gaagttactcataatttagaccccaattctaaggattatgacacatttcatccacattttcactgtgttttggcggttaataagagctattttaagtctagagattatctttcacaggaaaaatggacaaacctgtgggctaaagcacttggtgttacttaccaccctgttgtccatgtaaaaaaaataaaaggtaacactgccttagctgttgctgaggtagctaagtatgccgtaaaggacggcgattatattattcctgatgatgagcaaatgactctaaaaacagttgagttgttggatagagttttagcaaagcgaagatttgtttctttcggcggaatttttaaggatgtacataagcgattaaatctagatgacccggaagatggagaccttattatgagccgttatacgcctgatttgcctgattataagcttataacgtatgtatggcactcagggtatcgacaatatgtaaaaattgaaaattga
>gene_53215|Replication initiation protein
atggacgacctgcatattgagtgggtcgaaagtcccttgcatgagttcgattgcaatgcaacgggtgaggtcaaaaaggctcattggcatctgcttctgatgttcggcggtgtcaagtcctatgagcaagtgctcgaggtcgttaagcctttgaattgtcctatccctcagagatgccataatgccaaagccatggtgcggtatatggctcatctcgataaccccgagaaacatcagtacagcgtggccgacattgtggctcatggtggcgtagatattgccgagatgctccgtccgagttcctcggagagatacgcccttatccgtgaaatgtcggagtacatcaaggacaacggcgtgaccgagttttctgatttcgtgtattacgccatgaacgagcattatgacgattggtttccgctgttgtgtgacagttcggcctatgtcattggtcaagtcatcaagtcgcagagacaccgcttagaaggccgttaa
>gene_14215|Replication initiation protein
atggatgacctgcatattgagtgggtcgaaagtcccttgcatgagtttgattgcaatgcaacgggagaggttaaaaaggctcattggcatctgcttctcatgtttggcggtgtcaaatcctatgagcaagtgctcgaggtcgttaagcctttgaattgtcctattcctcagagatgtcataatgctaaagccatggtgcggtatatggctcatctcgataatcccgagaaacatcagtacagtgtgtctgacattgttgctcatggtggcgtcgatattgccgagatgctccgtccgagttcctctgagcgatacgcccttattcgtgaaatgtcggagtacatcaaggacaacggcgtaactgagttttctgatttcgtgtattatgccatgaatgagcattatgacgattggtttccgctgttgtgtgacagttctgcttatgtcattggtcaagttatcaagtctcagagacatcgcttagaaggccgttaa
>gene_22161|Replication protein RepB
gacgtatggtctaaatcagatgaacgcaaaaaccctgctcatgtagccgataagctcaaaaaagcacatttgcacaacatgggcgagtggtcacatcctgttacgaaagagcaggttatggacgagattggttggatgaatggtacggacgtcaagtacgtccgcgataagcgttccatgatgcgctaccttgcacatctcgatgaccctcagaaagcccagtacgacccccagaaaatcgaggtgttctgtggtgcgacgctggatatgcttgacgaaatcggcaagcatgagcgccatgagatgttgaagcagatgcgtgcattcattcgtgagcagggcattctttactatgacctgttctatgactattgcgacgattgcatgcagagctggtcttacctgctcgatgattcttcctatgccatcgaacgctatatcggttccttgcgtaagcgcgtcaacgatgagaagcgtgacgctacccttcgttaa
>gene_27468|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgaatgaattacatgaaaaaaatgttgctttttatgaacaggagcaaattgttattgatgaaacaactggcgagatattgcaagcaacaaaaaagactattaaaaaaacatcagcagaaccggatttcataaaagtctattatgaaacaatgttgagttttaaccagatacacgatgttccggtttcatttgttttgtcgctttcaaagttccttgagtggtcaaatgatggcaaacctctttatacaacgctaaataaaagagttaaaacaattatgtctgaagattgtaaagttactctttcgcaaattgatagatatataaaaaaatctgtagaaaatggcttgctatttagaactgaatatcgtggagtatatgaagttaatccgttcatgattgcgaaaggtcgttgggagagtataaaacaattgagaactagctttaattttattgatgggaaatggaaacgaattattgaagaaacaaaggagtga
>gene_27030|Conjugal transfer protein TrbA
atggaattatatctcgacgtcaagacggtcggcaagggttctcaaggtagaacagcttgcggttctgcagcatatcgaagctgcgacaaagttgtggacgttaatggaatcacccacaactttaaaaataaaaaaggacacgttgccggcgacatcgagttaccggttggagctccttcagaactgcgcaatccacagaccctttggcaacgtcacgattcgaaagaggttcgaaaggatgcacagatctaccgtgaggttgttgttgcccttccgaatgagctgcctgatgcagcttgtgttgacattgtaaaggacttggtggcgccgttggtagagatgggtatgtgtgttcaatgggacattcataacgcccatccgaagtatagcaaacagactaaagctgaagaaggcgataatcaacatcccgaaaacaaacacgcccatctaatgctaacattaagagacctgcagcctgacggtacctttggaaataaaaaccgcagctggaataaatacaacggcggcattaacctggcggacgttctacgcccaagagctgcgcagctcatgaacgaaaagcttgagctttacggtgaggctaaaagggttgaacatcttagctatgccgagcgtggtatcgataagctgcctcagatccacgttggcgttgccggtaccaacattgatagagatggccgtgtgtcatatcgcaaggctatgaacgacgtcattaagcagcttaacgaagaacatatcagtatggttgaacgccaaaagcgcctgcatgaagcacgccaggcgttagcaaacattggcgttgccggcacaaaaaaaccgagcctctttgagcaaatcggcgccaatgaggaaattcgtattgaaacgtcgatcgaaaaagaaagagctgatataaagggttattataaagaaattagagaatttaaccaaaagatatttgacctacgcaaagagaaaaaacaaaccgataaataccgcaaagcgctgcacacctacaacaaccttgccggcgataacaaccttaccgccgagcaacaggatgagttgaattgggctgcaggctatcttaagtttgcccttgaggttgatgcgccaccttcgaaggaagaagttgcggttctgatagacgaagcacgtgaacgtaacaccgaacgttgccttggcatttatgctgcagaaaaaggaaaacagcaggcacttcaaaacattgaaatttcaaaagagaatatcgcttacatcaaaaatccaggtcgatttgtcgtcgaacctgagtcttag
>gene_41162|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
tacgaggacgacatgataagagtcctgcaagactacgcgaatgggtggcgcaggcgcaatcctaacttagagctagtcggggtctactaccacgcggacgagcgtgggtatccgcatctgcacgtggactatatccctgtcgcttacgagcagaaaagaggcatggacaagcaagtcagcttgacaggagctcttcgtcagcaaggctacgagaccgcaggacgggtgaccgctcagatgcagtggacagcggacgaaaatcgcactctggagcgtatctgtgagggctacggctataaggtagctcaccctcagagagggtctggagtacagcacaaagctacgcatgagcacgcgctgggtcgggcacttgcgcaggtgcaggagtacgaagaagcgctttcagaagctcttgaggttatcagctactatgaggagcgagaagcaagcaaggaaaggactttgggtcggtctgagtgggagatagagctctaa
>gene_43827|Putative TraE protein
ttgtcgctatgtgagcttattgtaggctcaaaaacagggcttgaaccggtggaaaagacaatcattgatagatgcgtgcgtcttgtatataaggattatttacagcaccctgtaccagagcagatgcctatcatggaagatttatataactgcattttagagcaggacgagcctgaggcaaagcgtatagcaaccgcacttgaaatctatgtaaagggttcgcttaatgtatttaatcatcgcaccaacgtagatatcaataacaggctcatatgctttgacattaaggaactgggtaagcagcttaaaaagattggaatgcttgtagtacaggaccaggtatggaacagagttaccatcaatagatccgagcataagagcaccagatactttattgacgagttccacctgcttttgaaggatgaacagacagcccagtattctgtggaaatctggaagagattcagaaaatggggtggtattcctacaggt
>gene_6261|Replication protein RepB
gagcacgtgccggcttatatatctcctttacacgatcaggatctaaatcctaacggagaaaagaagaaagagcattatcacgtgatcatgtgctactcgggcaacaagaccgaggagcaggttcagagaataagcgatgaatacctctcgggcgtcaaggtcgagaaggttaaggacattcgcgggtatgcgagatacctttgccatctagacaatcccgaaaaagctcaatacaagccttgcgacgttgtctgccttggcggtcttgattacctggaaaccgttggctcgcttgccgatgtcgatgtcgctactcgcgaaatgatggagtggtgccaagagcaagggatttattccttcgctcgtctttgcgactatgcggcgaaagagcggagcgattggtttagagttttgacgtccaaaaggacggttttcatctccgtttatctgaggtcattacagtgggaagccgacagagcggagcgaggaaactga
>gene_41402|RepB
caagatatctttgccaatctcggcattaaaattgcgatgagtcctcttcacgataaagatattgacgaagacggctctcttaaaaagccgcattatcattgtgttttttgttttgaaggtcctacaacattcaataatgtaaaaaaccgtatttctgaccctttaaatggtcctattcctcaacctacaagtagtgttcgtgggtcttatagatatttttgccacttggaccatcctcataaggcttcttattctctggatgatattcagtgttttaacggtttcaatattcttgattttgtagaatattcaaaaagtgaggttttagctactaaaaaaagcctgcaggctttgattattactgaaggttttaccgagtattctgactttatggattttgttcttttcaatggttctgagattgaatatgatgttgcatccggtcaaactatgttttttaataattacttaaagtctcgcagatataaaacttga
>gene_7545|replication protein
atgaacaaaaaagaactcacagaagatgaaaaaaacataaattttgtgcaaatttatccagaaacattcagaaatttttctgaattaacgaaaaagaacccgatttcagctcagatattatttttcttgatacagaatatggctgcacacaataacgctgttagtgtgtcttatacggctctacaagagattctggggtatagtcgcccaaccctttcaaaagcaataaaaactctcgaagatgatcagtacatcgaagtaatcaagcaagggacttcaaacgtttacgttataaacgagaaagttgcttggcgtaaggctaggaatcaacgcagatatgccctattttccgctacgattgttgcaacagaaacggaaaatgcgaaagccattcaagagctgaatagcggtgcaactcggaaactaaggcacgttccaagattgcacatcgacaaagctgaacctgaacaaacaatcgaagataaatcttaa
>gene_52130|Conjugative transposon TraN protein
atgaaacagataaccaccatactagtcctactattgtcgctcttctcggcacatgcacagacggacacattgtggctgtccaatgcatacaccacgcacatcatcttctccacagatgtcacctatgcagacctttccaacaacaagatcgtagcggcaaagatcgtggagcagaacaggaacatacttgcgctgaaggctaggtgtcctttccaggaatacactagcgtttccgcccttgaggccaacggtgcaatgcacacatacatcgtggcatatctggacagcccgcctcagctgatagtggacaccagggaaccgcaaaagacattgatcatgctacggatataccagcgcctgaacaactggttctcatcattcatgagcactcatgagaagggactcttcactaccggagccaaggtcatggcagcagtctgcgccatcgttgccatgcttctggctcacagatgctcatcacaactcttctga
>gene_30005|Mobilization protein
atgcagaagatgaagatgggtgccatgggcggtatccagtcacacaatcagagggagcatgagagcaagaagaataaagagatagattatgagaaaagccagttcaattttgatacagtaaatgctgaaaacataaactaccagagaacggtaaaagagagaatagcagaactgaacctcaaaaaagcagttcgtaaggatgcggtggtatactgttcgtttatcgtttcatcagacagagagttctttcgccagttgggggaacagatacatttggagcggtgtgatgatgaacgggatagaaactggtgggatagcggatatacgcagaactatgactctatggagttgtattccgaagaatatcagacggagtgcataaggattggagcggaaagtttcttccagtatgctacgcagttcttcaaggagcgttatgggaaagagaatgtgctgaatggaacggttcacatggacgaggcaacacctcatatgcacttagggattgttcctgtgacctctgacggaagattatcg
>gene_22126|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_50263|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
aatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaagctcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgaagtaatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_58172|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgcccggggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_40713|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_35352|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_8736|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_45099|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_37033|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_47859|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_36075|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_33790|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgacagagtacgacaaaaatgcgaatgtcaagtacataagcaaggaaacgacctacaagagtgaagacggtcaatctaccattcgtgaaacatcagtatacaagaaagtctatggagctcgtcatttctggcgtgtttggcttggtgacttattgtatgccctgggcttaatcaataatagcaagcagatggatgttgtgtttcacgtaatggagaatacggacacatcgtcaaacctctttataggtacgctgcagaaggtagcagagcagaccggcatcagctacaagacggttgcaacgatcttcaagaagatgcaggacgtcgatctgataacgaagcagcagaacggactttataaagtcaatccttctttgctcatcaagggtgatgatcacaagaagagccgtcttgtcgttgagtatgaaaaactcaagcaggaagaccggcaagagcaaatgtccatggacgatgtgatggacgaaaagtaa
>gene_55456|Replication protein
atgaataatcataccacattcgattatgattgtcaagtcaatcatatattcgaaaaactttatgcaaagaaaaatgcaaacaaaactgttattgattttttagaaagagaggcaatggagcaccaaggaaacccttggggcgagagtgcttatctaaagtcaattcaccttcgagagtgtgcgacacaaattggtatttcgaacattgaaggcattgcacatattgtaaaagctgatttttgtcgggaacgaatttgtaatgtatgtgcttggagaaggcaagcaaagtttgtatcgcaaactcgccctgtattaaatattgtcgcaaataaaggctaccgccttatatttgcaacattaacaattcgaaatatggaatatgaagaattatcctccgcccttgatttactaatgtcggcgtttcacaaattatcaatgcgaaggcaaattaaaagagccttcaaaggcattgttaggtcagttgaattg
>gene_53557|Replication protein repB
ggtctgtttgggcagacggacaccgggtcagtgccgggtgtgccgaagccgcagcaggtgtctgaccgaggtgccgttgtccggtacatggctcacatggacaacccggacaaggcacagtatgacgccaaggatatcatcggccacaacggagcggatccagcggagctcctccgctattccgcgacggagaccaggcagatgataatcgccatggaggagttcatcgagcaggagggcattgtcgagttgtccgacttctccgctgccatccggtacgaccgtccggagtggcatgaccttctggcgaccaagatgacgatgtacttcaacgcgttcatccggtcgcgccggcacaagctggagacgcagcagccggcagggccgaagttcccggcggcaccgcgcaacctgggcgagccgccgctgaaggtggacccggccaccggcgaagttatcgcgggaggtgatgacgtcaatggcgaagcctaa
>gene_33412|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaggacgggcgttgtgctcgaccggaagctcgagctggtcattgacctgctcatgccgggcaacgccttagttgcccgcacaatgctcgccacgggcttgcgcgtgggtgatgtgcttgcactcaccccagcgcagataaagccctctacgcgcgtcacagacgccaaaacgggcaaaaagcacactgtgcgaattcctgcggcgctgtgtgcggccattttgagacagtcaagcgcgtggtgggcgtttccaagcccgcgcgatccgcggcgggcgaggacacgtcaggccgtatgggcggacatcaagcgagcgcagcgagcgtgccggtcgaacatcaatctcgggacgcatagcatgcgcaaagcgtatgcggtcgagctgatgcatcgctatcacgacctcgcgagggtgcagcgagccttgcagcatgaccggccagaagtcacgatgctgtatgcactcgcggacaagctggcgtcgacgtga
>gene_54325|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaggacgggcgttgtgctcgaccggaagctcgagctggtcattgacctgctcatgccgggcaacgccttagttgcccgcacaatgctcgccacgggcttgcgcgtgggtgatgtgcttgcactcaccccagcgcagataaagccctctacgcgcgtcacagacgccaaaacgggcaaaaagcacactgtgcgaattcctgcggcgctgtgtgcggccattttgagacagtcaagcgcgtggtgggcgtttccaagcccgcgcgatccgcggcgggcgaggacacgtcaggccgtatgggcggacatcaagcgagcgcagcgagcgtgccggtcgaacatcaatctcgggacgcatagcatgcgcaaagcgtatgcggtcgagctgatgcatcgctatcacgacctcgcgagggtgcagcgagccttgcagcatgaccggccagaagtcacgatgctgtatgcactcgcggacaagctggcgtcgacgtga
>gene_40047|DNA replication protein
gaaagcttttacttaagcctccaggaacttagagaaaagacgtttacagaatctatatacaagcaaattggagagtttaaaaagcgtgttttagatatggctcaaagagaaattgaaaaagctctaaactgtaaaataacgcgtgaggatgtgaaaaaaggacgtactgttatcggattcaacttcactctgtggagtgcctggaatcgttcgttaatagccaaagagcaagaagaaaaagccaaaagtgtagagtatcgtcagatgatgctcacagaggatatgagtgttgtagaagagcctagaaaacctagacgccgacctatgacagaggaagaaaaaagaggcttcgacaaaatggtggaaggtgctgagcaaatgagcctggaagagtgcttgcaagttcttcaagaaaaaagcggaatcatagatgcgcaaacaatgttaaaagaaatgctggcaatgatggaagaatcagaagaagagcgttag
>gene_35433|Replication protein
atggtaaaagcccatgaaaaaagccctgtttcggagagtttggcgaccgacgaaacagggctggaaccgaatgcccttgaagggcgtttggaaagatatgcaggcggcaaaacacgcgctctgcacattgccgattatatcaggcgcaccaaacttggtgaaaaagatttggttgcgaaattatcaacttgcgccaacgagttgttatttaaatcatacaaaacaggcgatttggtgctgcatggtgcgcttacctgcaagaaacatttgctttgcccgttctgcgcgatccgacgagggacgaagtatctgcgggtttacagcgagaagctagaacaattacgcgcggaaaacgccctagatggcgatttgcgcccttttttggttacactaaccataagagacggggaagacctaaaaacgtcttacaacgccattaagagggcttttacgcgttatctcgaaatgcgccgaaatagccaaaagggt
>gene_15748|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaagcaccggacacggcaagccgtctgggccgacatcaagcgagcccagaaagcgtgccggttcacggtcaatttgggtacccactccatgcgcaaggcatacgcggtgaagctcatgcaccgctatggcgacctggagcgagtgcagcgagctcttgcgcatgatcgcccggaggtgacgatgctgtacgcactcgctgacaagctgtctgcgccgtga
>gene_22421|Putative replication initiation protein
atgaaaacgattaaacagattgcagaggaacaaggcgtatcaaagcagaccgttcgcagagcaatcgaaacattaaaactgcaacaccatgttgcgaaagttgcgaatcatgttgcgatttcggaagagcaagaaacgttgataattcaatacttacaaggaaaaacgcaacagaaaagtgcaacacaaactgcaacagatgttgcgaaaaatgaaacattggatgttgcgattgttgcgattttacaaggggaacttgatgcaaagaatgccatgattgagagcctgcaggaacagaacaaagcactcacggaaacggtgaagagattgaccgaaacggtgcaggcagggcagatgttgcaa
>gene_52853|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ggggaacctaaaaaaccccactatcacatcattctggtctatggctcaccgacaacgtacaacaacgttaagtcatttacagattcgttgaatcaacctatacctcaagccttggaacaggtgcgtgggtattacagatacctgacgcacaaagacaatccagataagtatcaatatagcgatagcgatatcgccacgtttaatggcttcgatatatccgactttgtagaaataacgaagtcggaagtcaatcagatgaagtacgagctgctggctcttattcgtgaacagaagctctgtgagtaccaggagcttatggatctcgtccaggacacaatggacaaggcttattttgacgttgcaagtagtcacacaatattcttcaactcatacctcaagtcagcaagacataacggtgcttatggcaacgttaccaacgtagacggtagatacatacaggttgattccgaaaccggtgaggttcaggaatga
>gene_28422|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family protein
atgcgttctcaatatctaggtttagaggaaatttcccgtcttttttattatatgcaaaaaccaaatgttttggcttgtaaaatttcaatgcaaacggggcttcgaataggggactgccttgctattgaaaaatcaaaacttaaagaacgaattactgttatagagaaaaaaaccgggtatactaagcgtgtttatattggaaaaaaattacttcgccaacttttgcaattttcaaaaaataataaatcaaaatttttgtttcctcataggtttgataagacgaaacacagaacgcggcaagcggtttttttagatataaaaaaagcgggcgcgttgctcggtttgaaggagcatatttcaccacatacttttcgaaaattttttgcggtgcggttttatcgtagggttggtagtttggaaaaaactcaaaaaagactaggccataaaaaacttgaaacaactcttttatatgctctttctgataaaatataa
>gene_42970|Replication protein RepA
atgcaaaacaacgaatatctgaaaggtcttgcaacagtatggcccgaagatactgaccaatcaccgcaaacagtatacttcgagccaccgcgtaagcgtaaatatgatatcaaatggcttttgctttggcaagacgatagcggtgttggtgtcagcattaaggagcagagtaagatgggaaaacttacattatccgattatcgtgtacgtgattggttgttaggtacaatcggcattggcaatatgtgtcatgtaaatcaacgtgaaattgctcgtcaattacatttacgacccaacacaatatgcgattcaatcaaaagacttattgcgttgcagatactaattgctggccctgtcagtggtaaagctaaaacttacatgatttcaccagccttttgttttagtggtggccttggaaatggtgttaaacaacgaaaagacgttatcaagcaaatgcaacagcataaaatcattgattttaaacaagattaa
>gene_42991|Plasmid replication initiation protein
aaagcgcaatatgatgaaaatgaaattagaacatttaacggatttaatatattagatttttgcgaattaacaagaaaagaaatagacgatattacgaatcgtatattattgttaattcgtgaaaaacagatattagaatatgccgatttattattatatttgcttgataatgaaatgcgcgaagaactcgaaattgcaaaaaatcacacgattttatttaattcatttattagaagtatgcgacataaacaaggcacaattatgacaataatcgaaatagattttgctgattttagtgtatataaaaaccgcgaaataattaaaacaataaataaagattttgcgtatctgattcaagattatgcgcgagataattgcgatccaaacgcgcgaaatagtttaataatgcgcaacggatcatcatttatggcagaatatcatttgccacaagatataacaaatgagattataataaaaattaaaaattattaa
>gene_31720|Replication protein
acgaagcagccagaaattacgcaagttgatgtgcgacgctgccgcgagtatcgagccggcacaaatgcaatcctcgaagttgcgaagtatgcggcgaagtctggtgattatgcgcagtccaaagacaccttcgacaccttctatgcagcgctacaccacacgcgcatcatggagtatggcggcgtatgcaagcagcttcgcgaagagtacaagctcggccacttagacgagtacgccgaagccgttccagtcaagtatacgctgcgtgtcgtatatctctggtcgcgtatcgctggcgcatacgacgaacatgatgtgcaagagtacgacatggatgcagacgagctcgcacggctacaagccgatgaggacaagctcgcagcgtatgccatcgacaaggctaatcgcacggacagcgtcctaacatggctgcgtacaagctgggtgcgcgagctgcgcgacgccgacgagtgggaggtggtcgagtga
>gene_35863|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_34625|Replication protein
atggaaaacgagcgcagtagacgttggcagttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_58013|Replication protein
atggaaaacgagcgcagtagacgttggcagttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_33629|Replication protein
atggaaaacgagcgcagtagacgttggcagttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_33475|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_45445|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_35095|Replication protein
aatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_19975|Replication protein
atggaaaacgagcgcagtagacgttggcagttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_48373|Replication protein
atggaaaacgagcgcagtagacgttggcagttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_36641|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_55200|Replication initiation protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgcgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_34187|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaa
>gene_37896|Replication protein
ttgacggaaaataatgccgactatacaaaagagcaaggtgctgagcgacttgcgagtataggcgacacaacgtacgtagttagttgtagcgagatgggcgagagtggaactaagcacatacacgtgtttattatttacaaaaatgccataagtctaaggtcgataaagaagcagtttccacgcgcacacttggaagtatgccaagggtcgaacgtaaaaaatagagcgtacatcgtgaaagacgatagcgactatttcgagagtggtacaatgccactcggtacggagagcgtgaaaagaaacgacgacgccgtagaagttgttaaactgctaacggacggcgtaccactcgagagcgtcatggtggagtacccaccattatgcgactacgtggtgcgaaattatcgttccttaaaggaaatcgaaaaagatttaggttatagagcacgtagacgttaa
>gene_56286|Putative replication protein
atgacaattttagatttctgctccgtcagaaatatccagactcagagagtcttgaagtatattcagcgtaacccagacctttttgaaggccacacaaccaaaaagggtcagagtgtcgagctggacgatactgccttgagcatcttagaggaaaagtaccccatccccccagaaataatccccgcagccaatgtggagctgctggctgagttggatagagccaagaaccgtatcattcagctgcagcaacaggtcattgagcaaaatcaagttttggcgttggctgagaaaaataaattcttgctggaggaagcaagggaggactgcgataaccttcaaagacgcaatgacttcttaaacgaggaaatcggaaacttaaaggcacaactagctataagcggagaaaagatcgccagagccactgaggaggctgctagagcctctcaggaggtcgagaagctacgcaaccgttctatatggcaacgt
>gene_30122|Mob protein
gtgctgccgcacaaaggaggtatagcaatggcattcactaattcgtttcactcatcagctcgtggccatagcattaaaaatgctgcgaagctgtccggttgtcagcgacataattcacgcggctatcaagcctgggattattctgctgacaaaatctctgccttaatcggaacgcctgaaaatatctgcgccgatgtcagagccttcattgacgatactttcgctgaagcaaaagaccgttacaatgaaaagcaaaggagagccgatagaaaaatatcggtctcaccgttcgagcattttaataataacaagaaaatggatattgcaaccgagagcattctgcaggttgctgataaagagttctgggacgagttcagaacagacgaggtaatcgttcggaagggtaaagaatacacccggcattctttctctcccgaagttcagagggttatggattcgatattctcgaagcagctcgaagcttacgagcatatctatgaaacccataaagacgaaattttgcagagagtaaaaaacgagaaagctttatgcgaagaatgtatcgcagctttcccggaagaaaaagttgcccggtatgagaagatcagaacgagcaaggcaaaagaaagagaagctgctatcagttctctttcagaagtagagcaagaagaatatgcgaattattcttctgctgccaacactcttaattctatcgatgagctgcggctcatcgagcgcatcgagaacaaccaaatgcacatcaaggttgtcaactccacaagtcattatgacgaaaactccccccacaatcacacaatcagcgtttgctgggctgacggttttcaatccggacttgacagccgtattgctaaatcggttgtccttaatcgttggtctttggaagtcatacaagaccgcatgcacgagatagcacaagaagaaatcagtaaatacccggaaatcttcaagggcagaaatctcgatgaaaaacaacagggcagagatgctcactattccaaagagcaatatatccgccgtcaaatcgaagctctccgccgtaatgccttccttatgtcccaccacatcgacaaaacccaaagagatattgaaaatcaatttgaaaatgttgttactgatgctatcgcaaatgtaacaagcagtagttccggtgtttatgacaatgttatgtttcttatgtcagagtgttctgatgaacgctttgaagagcttgaccgggaaggcagagagctgaaggagaagcttctcccacagaccgttgatatagacccaagaaaaaacggtcttatcaatactcttaatatgattaaggagagcaaaaaagagttgtcctgggaagaacggcagaagctttgggaacagtacaacaatgtcagccgtgaattttggaatgtcagagccgagctgaagcaaggctatgatgctcttatctctgctgaatacggcaacagaagaaatgctatgcagtcattctatgatgctcaatacaccctacggcgcaccagaagcatttttgtgactcttggctgctttgcctgggcaatggtctcccttgcccgtcaaaacgccatagagcgcaaaattgaggagctgaaagctgaacgcaaggagctgatcagcaataccgccagcttcaaaaagtacagcaatgcttaccgggacgagctgaaagccggcagagttccgacagacaattatatggcttctatggaaagtgttgttagaatgatggacgaagaagcagcagcgcagccgaggaagaaaatagagcgtgcagtgcaaaataagcactatgatgagtggaacagataa
>gene_33711|Replication associated protein
atggaaaacgaacgcagtagacgctggcagttgacggaaaataacgcggactatacaaaggagcaaggcgcggagcgtctagcgagtataggacaagcgacgtacgtagtaagttgcgaggaatgtggagagcaggggactaaacacattcacgcgtttataattttccaaaacgccataagtctaaactccttaaaaaaggcgtttcctcgtgcgcattttgaagtgtgcaaaggcactaacgtacaaaatagggagtacattgtcaaagacgatgcaaacttcttcgagagtggcaaaatgccattcgcgaacgcaaacgagagaaaacgagacgaggctagcgaggttgtcgagttgctcggcaacggagtaccgctattctccattattggagagtatccgcatttagcggactacgtcgtccgtaattataggagtttgaaagaaattgaaaacgatttcggttattaccgcaaacgacgttga
>gene_36428|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaagttaaaagcgactcttacgctgaacaagggcagaggatcattaacgcacaacgctcgctcggctcgtgaaaaggagcagacttggagcgatgatctagtccagcagaacatatggatcaacgcacgctgcatgaatgctaacgacctgcgtggcatgtacaaggacctcttctcagacgctctggacgcatacaacgctaagcaggtgcagaagggacattctgaaagacagatagacgactactacgacaagatcaaacactctaaacaggagcatctgacctactcttttgtgtatcagatcggcgaactggatcacattgctaaaggctcggaggacgaaaagcagtgcctcgaggcactcaaggacatcgctgagggatttgaagagcgtaaccctgcgttcaaagtggctcaatctgtcattcacaacgatgagaagggcattgctcacctgcatctggtctttattcccgtttctagcggtaataaacgaggtctggagaagaagaacagcttcgttggtgccctcaaggacatggggtacaaagacaaggacaacttcaagcaatggagagcaatggaagtcaaagcgtgcaatcagatcatgctggagcatggaatcgagaggatacagtccagaaatcatgagaatctggtccatgacatggaaatctacaagcaaatgaaggctgaagaagctcaaatggctcaaatcgcccctaaaaagacgattctagggcgtgttacggacaaggtcgagctttccaccacccaatatgaaacgcttctcagaacggctaaaaaggggcttaaatttgatgcaatagaaaatcaacttgctaaggatgctcagatcaatgctaaaaagagtgcagaattggaaaatcagaagaatgattttttaaagcaacgtaaaaaaagcaattatgagatcatgcagaaagagaaggaattgagcaccaaagaggaacaattagcagatttagagaaaaatctggagcaaagagagaaagagctaatgcagtttgaggatcagaaagacgagatcatggagcttgcagaagatggatccatgttcagatcgttcgttcaatgctttgcaaagacggcttataagcatcaagagttttttgaagagcacttgaatccaatcctggataaagtagctgatagatttgcagaagactctggagtacgaagattcgtacaaatgctgaatgcagaatacaaagaagtcgtctatgagcacgaaatggaaagagaagaagaatttggaatgcatatgtag
>gene_42741|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgtcaaaaaaggaattacaaaacaagtgttatgtagagattgacccttgtttttatgatactggagaagtaaagattattggaaatcctattagtgctttagaagaagaatataagactcctaggggcggttttgaaattgcctatatgagtgctgttttagagatttatgagagattaggaagtcagaaaatcaaaatattaaattatcttctcgctcataaagacggaatgaattgtattaatatcactcaaagagaactagctgaaaaatgtaaatgtagcaccaagacggtaaatgttacttttaagatattacaaaaggctaatatacttactcgtcatggttgcgtatatcgtttaagtcctcgtttcttcgttaaaggctcttaccagaaggaaggttatattatgcgtaaattcgtagaggaacaaggacaggtgaaagagaaagctgatattgatatgaatttccgtatcgtatcctaa
>gene_51987|Replication initiation factor (Fragment)
atgaagaatgaaaagactcgggtcatggtgcccgtaacaccagaggtaaaggccgtttttgagcgcctcgctgccgctcaaggctgcaccacggggcgagcaatcagcgattggcttacggacaccctagaaggcgctgcggcaattgctgaccttgtggagaaggccaggaaggagccaatagcggctatgcgccagatgcacagctacgccctcgggcttggtgacatgacaaccgagattctggaaggtctcagaaaagctactaccaaggggccagcgaaggcgcggcagcagccgcccgcaggcggcagcgcgggggcggctggcgcgccatctgctgacactttccgggggttgttggatgaggctcagacccgggggggtgccatttcccccccggtaagtaatacgggggggaaactaccctcaacgacacaaacacgctcaccaaaggcccggaaaaatgacggcaagaacaaaggttga
>gene_6546|Rep50
atgaaaggattatatcatatgccttctcaaagaacaagagacgaacgggttagaaactggagttttctagtctaccctgactctgctcctggtaattggcgtgaaatcctggatgatttgcatatacaatgggttgaaagtccattgcatgagtttgacgtacttcctacaggtgagctgaaaaaggctcactggcacatcgttctgttgtttgagggtaagaagtcatactctcaggtaaaagctattacggagcaattaaatgctactattcctcaaatctgtcactctgcaaaaggttctgtgaggtacatggctcacttagacagtcctgataagtatcagtatcctgtctctgagatcgtcgctcatggcggagctgatgttcaggatctcttgaaacctacttcttcttctcgctattccatgattcgtgaaatgacgcaatatgtcattgacaatgggattactgagtattatcagctt
>gene_53815|replication protein PDa0002, partial
cagcacaaggcggtcagtgataactggttaccgatcgcccgcacctatggcgctcaggagtacggccagcacgtcaaaccgatagcagacacccttgggtggctgcgttacatggccaagcacgtatcccgcggcgtgtggcactatcagcgctcccccgagaacgtccccgcacagtggaagcagaaaacgggccgaatgtggggtcactggggagactggccgacccgtgacgttatgaaattcgaggttccccgcgaggatgggttccggtaccggcgattaattcgtggctgggctgtcgctgcggcgagatccgaaaagtgggtcagtggccgggccatcagggcaagcaggtctatgctgaagtgcaaccttcgcgagctgtcggaggttcgaggggtgggccagtggtgcccgctggaagtctccctggagctgatcggattcctggcttcaaccggcgctgaagtcgaccaggtcgaataa
>gene_8100|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggacgaattcagcggaaggatacctgaaggagcgttgccttcacgccccaatttcgaaaataccgaaaagactctttataatcgatactacggcgaatatttaattaaatttaatgaaaaatgtattcgggacggacatcgtagccgatgcaagactattgatgattactacttcggaaagaaaacagctcctgacgaagcaatcttccaagtaggcaatatggaagaaagcctgtcccaagaagatcttcttgaagtatgggaacgctacgagaaagcctttgagcaactatatccaaacgtcaagattatgacggccgttgctcacttcgatgaagcgacgccacacattcactatacccgcgcttacatagctcctgacggatcccctaacatgacgcaagcacttaaggctatgggttatgagcgccctgatccaaccaaagaagaaagcagaggcaataaccggaaaatgacctggaca
>gene_44479|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atttggaaagacgaaacaccgagacaggcgtatcacaaactctttgataaagccgttgaacgctacaatgagaaacagacaagggaagaacggaaaatcacaaactattactcacagattgaagctgatgagaaaaaacaccctgtttatgagatgattgtcggtgtttatccaagtgaagagtacctcacacattcagaggagcgagagattttgaaaaaatttgttgatggttgggaaaaaagaaacccaaacctgtacctttgcggtgcatactatcacgctgatgaagagggagaagcacacgttcacattgattatattcctgtcgcacacggttacaagcgaggaatggacactcagactggtcttgtgaaggcgttgggagaacaagggtttatgaaaaatggcaagttgacggctcaaatccaatgggaacaccgagaaaacaagttccttgaaaacctttgtaccaaaatagggattaaggtcgaacacccagcaaaagaaaaagtgcaacatttgaatactgaaatctacaaggctaaacaagaatttgaggactcaaagataattgttgattatgcaaaagaacaactttcggaaaccaaagaggaaataaaaacggctaaaaaacagctttcagaggtaaaaagcgttgtgtcagacctttggaatgcgaaaaacgctctaaatagcgaaaaaaacgctctgaaagaggaaaaaggcgagttgagaaaggaaatcgaaggacttaaaacggaaaaaaggagattaacggcggatattggaagtctgacagcgaagctcggcagtctggaacgtatcagaaatgcttttgtgaagtacaaggataagttgttgcaaggtgctaaaaaggttctttcaacaacattcaagcagtttagagaggatgtagagagagggggaacgataaaagtagagggtgacgatgtgaaattagctgaaatgctaaatggaaatacagttgatgggtatgttccctgtataaacagagagtatgtccgttgggaaaataatgtgccgatatatcaaagggtaagagagggatataagccttataaagtttgggataggggtaaaagttgcttgtttggtacaaatcgttggtttgaagtgtttactcctaacagaaggactctatgcaatgcagagttgcagtctatgaatactgccccattgccgatgtcggagcagacgaaagttgaagagttgagtgaagcaattgcggagattgatgaattactggaggaatactccccaaagatgtga
>gene_34236|chromosome segregation protein SMC
atgtttttaattaagcaagtatcaaatgatttaggtataacaccacaggcaatatataaacaaaaagaagaattacaaagtaaagggtatatgataaaaaattcgtcaaatgattgggaaataacaagcgatggttataattatttaaaagaaaaacaaataaacaggtttaaacgaaataatattagtttaaaagaaaatgatataaaaagtgttgatttgcaagaaaaagaagaaaataacagtttaaacgaaactttaataaacttttatgaaactagattagaggaaataaagcaaagttatgaaaatcaattaaacgagcagaagaaacaagttgaatattttaaaaatttatatgaagaagaaaaaagggagagaataaaaacaaatgcacaatatcagacatatcttttaggaactgcagaagataataaaagacattggtggcaattttggaataaaaataataatataaaagaataa
>gene_37658|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
ccggagaaggcacaatacgaaccggcgcaagttgaaaacatgtgcggtacagactatcttgaaaatattcgttctgctgcagatacagatacagctttaaacgaaatgatggattggtgtatgtctgaacgctgttattctttttttcacttgagcaattatgcgagactgaatagacctgattggtttagggttttaacgcaatcaagaactcaatttttggttgcgtggttgaaatccatgaagtgggaaatcacggaggggaaattttaa
>gene_7057|Replication protein repB
atgcttgtgcctggctttatatcgccgttgcatgacaaagatgttaacgccgatggaacgcccaaaaagccacattggcat
>gene_27283|Site-specific recombinase, DNA invertase Pin
atggcaacggtatacggatacgctcgatgctcgacgaacgaagagaagcaggacatccagaggcagaccagagagctggaggccgctggagctgaaacagtacgctgggaatttgagcacggcgatgcggcaacgaagaaagagctggatcatctgctgaatgagatggaagcaggagacaccctcttgacgctggaggtcagccgactgagcagaagcacccaacagctttgtcagatcatcgagatcgttcagaagaaacatctgaagcttcagatcgtcggaagcattaccattgactgccggagcggagagcttgatccgatgacgaaagcattccttcagatgtctggtgtgttcgctgagttggagctgagcatgatccgtgccagagtgaagagcggaatggaaaacgccagagcgaagggcaagcagatcggcagaccgaagacaaccagcgaccagatcccagagaagtttttg
>gene_44089|RepB protein
atgaaatcacaaaataaaaaaagtacttctctccaacaaagtaagtactttaatcttgaattataccctgaatggacaaatattaattcaatacttgattacatttctaaaatatcaaaaaatttcgcatatatcaaacacaacaaagatttaaaagaaaaaaatacaggagaattaaaaaaagaacatatacatttagttatggaaatggctagtaaaaggacaataaatggaatattcgaattaatacaacatacaagtcctaatattgaaacacgatttatagagatatgttattctccaactaaatcaattagatatttaacccatatagatcaaccggaaaaatatcaatataaatatgaagaaataataactaataatcaaaattggttaaaatctttatatctagaacaacccgatgatattacgtgtgataaattgataagagattttatcgataaagaaaatgatattataaca
>gene_53892|replication protein B
gtggcaaaaaccatcaaagaaatagcggacgaacttggcgttgaaaagcaaaaagtctatcgtttcatcaaacaaaactgcatcagtgaagtacatcatgaagcacttcaacgaaatggcgtgaagtactatgatgaagcggcagaaatgatgataaaacagggactttctacaagtggcgtatcagatgaagcacatcagaatcacatcaatgaagcggcttttgatgcagttattgatatgcttaaaaaggaacttgacttgaagaatgagcagatcagagagctgaatgcaagattgtcagagtgtagtgcggcgctgatagcggcgcagaaaactgcgcaggcagcgcaggcgctccacgcaggagcaattcagcagcagctcgtagagagcgtagttgattcggcttcagagaaaccacagggagctgcgggaacaaccgttgaaagaaaagggtggttgagccgattatttagaaaatga
>gene_1434|Rep protein
acgaacttcgtgaaaagagtaaaacgccggtatgcaggattcaagtacgttgctgtgatcgagttccaggacaagaacgacagaggcgcagtacactatcacctggtttgcaatctgccgtatatcaagaaagcagatctgtctgcgttatggggtgccgggtatatcaagataaaccggatcgacaaggtcgacaacgtaggcgcatatgtcgtgaagtacatgaacaagaacatagacgacaagcggctatgcggccttaaagcgtacaactgcagtacgggtctgcagaagcctgtggagctctgctcgtggagaggagaagacgcagaagccttcgaggagatccgcaggatcatggaaagcaaaacgccctcgtacgttgccgcgtacgagagcgaatatgccgggcgcatcgaatactgtcaatacaacgatgcacgtgcaaagggtggttcctttgccgatctcaagcgtaaacgataa
>gene_40176|Plasmid replication protein
ttgattgcagttagtccccttcatgataaagattatgaagctgatgcttctgaacctaaaaaggcacattatcatattattttttgttacaatggacctacttcctacaatgtagtaaaaaaccttgttgataaattaaacggtgctaatccccaggctgttgaaagtgtcaaaggttattatcgttattttacgcatcaggataaccccgaaaagcatcaatataaccccgaagatattcaatgctttaatggttttagtattcttgattttgctgattatactaaatcagaggttttgaaaactaaaagggaattaacttttttgattattgaaaattgttttactgaatatgcagaatttataaattatgttttgcttaacggtactgatttacagtttgatgttgcatccggtcaaactatttactttagtcattatcttaaatccattaaatttggcacttaccccacagatgccaaataa
>gene_52128|Mobilization protein
atgaaagcggtatcatgtactagccatatcggcagatctaaccatgaaaagaatagcggtaagaacacctctatctcatcagctggtgacctgggttcgaccgagacacataacaaccacgagtatacaaaagaggatgtagagaagatgcagagctacatcgacctggatctgaaacatcacaatgtacagttcgatcggaatctggaggaggtcgatcgtctggagctggtggagacagtcaagcagatctaccatgaggagttcgatgcagcagtcgaaaaatataaccagaagcagatcgagaaaggcaaaaaggatcgttgcattgacgattactttgaacatatctcaaacaataaaaagcaggaaatagccgtcgagggcatcctgcaggtcggtgaatttgaggactggaaggacattcccctggatatgaagaagaaggtattaccgatctatttagaagccctgaaggccattcaggaagacataccaggcttcaagttagctggtgccagctttcatatcaatgaaggctctccgcaccttcagtacgtcggtgtatgtgttgatgacagcgtgaaaaaaactggtctggagaagcgtattggaaaggcagcagtgtttaccagggaagtgctttctgagatcctgcaggacaaagttcgagaagtcatggagccgatgatccagaaggagttcggttgggaatttgaagaaaaacagacaggccgtaataaggatctggagaagaaccagtggttgaatgataagctgcagaaggagaacgcagcactgaaggaacagctggaatctcgtgaacagcgagtggttgcctttgatgaacagctggtagctcgtaaacagcaagtggcagcactcgatcaccagctggtgtattaccaggctcagatccagcagaaagaggaacagatcaatgtgatcgaatccttcagtgagtatgcaaacgaatcccagagcatttataacatgatcctgcagcaacagcagacccttcgacacatggaagacgcaaaagccaagaagctgttcaaagggaccaaagaagccgatgactggatcgataaaatgagagaaatgctcttagaactgcgagagcagatcgagcgtgggatcaataggctgaagcactttgaaattaaatatgaagtgccagttaacgaacagagatccaggacgctggaagaacggatcaaacaggcagataaggaaagagatctgcaggacaaacctgcagttcagaagaaaatggatagagatagcaggtga
>gene_41785|Replication protein
atgacaggtgcggagctcggtcataggtataactgccttgaaaatctctgttcacttgcggttcaatgtcagattccgcctgaggtggtcgaagcggattgtcgcaaggttgcggaacacatggaagagctgacagaggaagaagataatcatttcacggaatatgatgttctatgtgctctcaggacatatcaccttgcagaagattctgcctatcatagacgattagagtatatcgaacaaaagacgggaatccgattggagcggaacaagaggaacggacgaacccaagaggagcatattaaacgaatcacaacgctgagagacttagattatcctgatgggaaatggataaatcgagatggagcacctaccaaaaaagagatagtggagcattggcaattcatacaccctgacggaacgaaagctgattgtattcgggaaactggattgtcaaagccgactgtatataagtggtggaaatga
>gene_37544|mobilization protein
atgagcagtcttttaacgctggcgaaggacttagagcagaaatcgaaagcgcagcagcagagtaccggcgagatgctgaaaaccgcattcagcgagcacgagcagtctgtcagagcggacttgagcgaaagcgagaagagaatcagcgccgccatccacgaccacgaccggaagctattctcagccatgaatcagcgtacgaaagggatgctgcgcatggtcagccaaacgtggctgaccatcgtcctcgtttccgcgctcctgatagcctcgagcgcaggcattctgtggtggcagagtcagcagatactcgacaattacatgaccatccgggagcagaagaacacggaggccatactctcagagaggaacagcggcctgcaactctcgacctgtggagagcaaagacgccactgcgtgagggtgaacccggaagcgggacggttcggagaggattcgagttggatgatactggcggggaaatag
>gene_28690|replication protein
atgccgctgcatcaaaaagaaactaaaacgttgtatcaaggcaaagaagcttatatcaagttagatctgcagaagcttacagagactggagagattgtctttgatggagatccttttgttgctgatgcaagcatcacaaaggtagaccgtaatggttttgagattacatatttggcttatctgtttgatgtttttgaccaacttggtggacagaaatataaggtattcaagtacatcatagagaataagtcaagcgaaaacacggtgatcatcacaaacagagagcttgcagaaaagtgtaatgtatcaaccaaaacggtatctgatgctcttaaattactccgtgaaaaaggcttgattgcgaccagaaccggtgctataatgcttctacccaaaattgcccatcgcggaaagaagggcagagagcaattcttgatgcacaaattccaggagttcggaaccgagagctccaacgaagaataa
>gene_55123|replication protein
atgccgctgcatcaaaaagaaactaaaacgttgtatcaaggcaaagaagcttatatcaagttagatctgcagaagcttacagagactggagagattgtctttgatggagatccttttgttgctgatgccagcatcacaaaggtagaccgtaatggttttgagattacatatttggcttatctgtttgatgtttttgaccaacttggtggacagaaatataaggtattcaagtacatcatagagaataagtcaagcgaaaacacggtgatcatcacaaacagagagcttgcagaaaagtgtaatgtatcaaccaaaacggtatctgatgctcttaaattactccgtgaaaaaggcttgattgcgaccagaaccggtgctataatgcttctacccaaaattgcccatcgcggaaagaagggcagagagcaattcttgatgcacaaattccaggagttcggaaccgagagctccaacgaagaataa
>gene_15220|replication protein
atgccactgcataaaaaagagacaaaaacgctatatcaaggcaaagaagcttacgttcagcttgatttgcaaaagctgcgtgaaactggcgagatagaactcgtaggagatccttttgtagcagacgcaagcgtgaccaaggtcgacagaaatggttttgagattacatatctggcttatttgtttgatgtgttcgatcaattaggtggacagaaatacaaggtgtttaagtacatcatcgagcacaaatcaagtgaaaacaccgtaatcataacaaaccgagagcttgctgagaagtgtaacgtgtcgacaaaaaccgtgtcggacgcgcttaagcttcttcgcgaaaaaggcttgataagcacaagaaccggcgctataatgttgctgccaaaggtagcgcatcgaggaaaaaaaggcagagaacaattcttgatgcacaagttccaagaattcggtgaaaccggagaaggggaggaatga
>gene_2468|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgcttgctcatgttattcaatgcctcacctatgaaaacagacttgtctgcaaggtctgtcttgaaacgggtctccgtgtcggtgatgtgctttctctcaaaagctctgatttgaaaaagaagagctttaccataaccgaacacaagaccaaaaagaaaaaggttgtcaggcttcgcacgcctttgaaaaaagaacttgcttccatagctggcgaagtttatatatttacccacagaacagacccacaaaagcacagaacaagacaagcggtctattgcgatatcaaaagagcttgcaaatgctttcggattaaagagaacttctctcctcactctttgcgaaaagcttatgcagtagatttgtatcgcagaacaaatgaccttaaaaaggttcaggaggctctgaaccatgacaatgaactcgtgacgattctttatgcaatggctgatgtgttgaatagcagagcacaaaaaaagaagtga
>gene_16549|Replication protein
gtgcgccgctgtggaagctggctgcggttccgccactactacaccgtcgatcagcacaagctgtcggccggaaacttctgcgacaagccccacctctgcggcctctgcgcaatcctccgtggctcgcggcttctgtcggcctacatggcccgctttgctctggtgcgcgtcgtagagcctcgcctgcggccggtgctggtcacaacgtccgtccgcaacggagacaacctcagcgaacgcctagggcatctgcgtgcctgtctgaaaaccttgcaccatcgccggcaccgagcgaaccaacctagcgtcatgcatgacgtcgccggcggcgtgtactcggtcgagattacgaacacaggcaacggctggcatccgcacgcacatgcaatctggttggtcgatcaggacgcgcaagccctgaacgattcgcgggcatgggcgctgcaaaagctgtctccagagtggcaaaagatcacgggc
>gene_9014|Putative replication initiation protein
atggatcttggaaatgatctctttagatccatgccgggtgaaggttcccaaccttcgcccggagtggatctccggcaagcgccgataggcgcgcggcagtttccgcattggtatatacttgatataccaatgcggagtgacacggaagggtcacgagtagatatgtcttgttatcacccaaataagggttttgttatcggccttaacgagaacggcaagcgcgatctgcgtttttgctctgcgaaggtttgttatatctattcggtgttcgaggacttctcgcagttccataaatcctatgttcccattgagaaaatggatttgcctgctttggagatctacaacgagtttttgtttgtagatcgttcctgtcgttccgtccctgtgtattacgctgtgaattctgttagtttgccttgtggtcaatgtctcggttgtcgtatagacagaactagagactgggctaaccgtatggtgcttgaggcgagttattacgagcgcaattgcttcatcacattgacatatgatgatgagcatatccccaagtcaagttatcgtcttgaagatggcaacgagtatacttcatacactctccggaaaagagatcttcaactatttatgaagcgactgcggcgcttcactgatgtttatgattctgatggtaaggttatcgaggaaagtaagattcgcttttattcttgcggcgagtatggttctaagaccatgaggccgcattaccatattatcgtctttaattggtttcctgagatcaaggaatttcatcatagagatatgcgtggtttctattattacactagcgagattttgtctcgcctttggcctttcggtatgcatcttgttacaagtctctcttgggagacttgcgcctatactgctcggtatgttactaagaaactaggcaataagaataatgatctttatgatatatttaacttggaacgtgagttctctcttatgagccggcgtcctggcttggctagacgctattatgaggatcataagcatgagatttatgaacttgacaaaccatatattatcagtctttctgaaaagaaagaccctttgaaattcaagcctcctcggtactttgacgatctatttgatattgagaacccttcgaggattcgcgaggtcaaggagaattccaagcgaattatggagaatattcaatctcttaaattgtcaaagaccgataaaaatctctttggaatgcttgaagatgaggaactcaacttcgaggctcgtgtcgataagttgaagcgactttag
>gene_17241|Replication protein RepB
ttgcatgataaagattttcgggtcaatgaagaaacgggtgaactcgaaagtatcaaaccgcactggcattgcattgtttcgtttacaggcaaaaaatctacagagcaaattttagatttaatttcggagctgaatatatcgtacttcgagaaaatcaatgatatgactgctatgtgcagatacctcctgcatctggatcagcatcagttcgatggacaacctgccaaacatttgtattctgctgaagaagtaatttgtttcggaggatttgattttttcgggattattgatagtaaggaacgcaggcaggaagtgctgtgcgagataatagagtattgcagagccaatgatgttacatcttttgcgaaacttgtggactatgctatggcagagcgtcccgatttttttcaagaattggctcggcacaatacatacttcgtgcgggaatatatccgctccagagcaagaactttgcattaa
>gene_45653|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagcaactcaatgcacaatagcaactcataatggaagtgctgcacatagagaccacaatataagaaatgaaaaagtggtaagcaaagaagcacatattcaagagaacggacattatgagatttggaaagatgaaactccgagacaggcatatcacaaactttttgataaggctgtggagagatacaatgcaaagcagacaagagaagatagaaagataaccaactactattcacaggtagagaaggacgcaaaaaagcaccctgtctatgaaatgatagttggagtgtatcctgaaaagggaaaattcattgatgaggaaacgcagagagctatcttgaaggaatttgtcgataattggcaagtgagaaatccaaatctttatatgtgtggagcatactttcacgcagatgaagaaggagaaccgcacgtccatatcgactatatacctgttgcaagaggatattccaaaggaatggacacacagacaggacttgtaaaagcattggagcaacagggaataaccaaagaaggaagagaaactgcacagattaagtgggaaagaagtgaaaatgagtatcttacaaagctctgtgaagcaagaggacttgaagttcaacaccctacaaataaaggtaaagaacacttgcatacagagatttataaggcacaaaagaccttggaaagcactatagaccataccaaaggacttttggatatacaggacgatttaagggcagaaacgggcaaattagaggcaacaagggataaagcagagaaacaggcagagaaagctattgaaagaaagcagagagctttttcaaggtcttggaagaaggataaagaagccggttggaattatgataaaggacttgaaaaagaaattcgttcccttgtaaaagaaagagctgatgatgtaaaagcaatctctcatactgatttagatgttgaaagacagtatgatgaagccagagcttacagagaagcttctgaaagagaagctgaacagatgaaagcaagggcacagagagagcttgagaaagcacaggagcttcgagaaaatgcagaagcacatattcaaagaagagccgaatatcaggcaaatagacaggttcaggagtttattcaaagggaatttggaaaggaaacaagaggaagagaagcaagattagaagaatactgtcaggacataaagttcaaggacggacaatcagttcttgataagtttgaagcacaggagcttctccgtaaaaaggagcttgaacattcttggggatatggtcgatag
>gene_5148|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
gtggaatccgtattttgcaaagctcgcaaaatatcaaaatctctcaaaggcaatcgtggcagtgttgcaagatacaatcagtatcttgaccgcacgctttccgatgtcgatttttcggacaagggcaaactccttgcaagcggaattgacggagcagaacaaagcccgcttgctttttggaagtccgcagaagaaagggaattgcagacaaagcgaaaggacacggcacgctttgccaaagagtacattgttggacttccgcacaatctgccgattgaggaaatggagaaagtcagcagggcgatttctgccgagctttcaaaaaatggtcgtgtcgtttcgtggtatctgcacgaacccgacaaagacgaaaacgagatttctaaaaactttcacactcattttttgctttcagagcgtgagtatcacaacggcaaatttgcagaaaccaaaaacagagattggaactcaaagcag
>gene_56645|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgcccccgaatagacttgccttggaagtatctctttatactggtttaaggctttcggatgtcttatcgttgagaactcaaaatataaagcaaaggttctctattcaggagcagaaaacaggaaaaagaaaacacatttatttaccaaaagaactgcaagagcgaatgctcatgcaggcggggcaaatttatgtttttccgcataggttggacggaaagaaacaccgcacaaggcaggccgtttggaaagatatcaaccgctccatgaagttgtttagaattccaaaggatctcgttgtttctcctcacacctgcagaaaagtttatgcggttgagagatttcgcaaaacgggcaaccttaaagaagtgcagcaacttctcaaccactcttctgagggtgttaccgccatatatgctatggcggatattatgaccgaaagaaaattgaagggaaagaaatattccgtcgtaaagaaataa
>gene_25942|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgcccccgaatagacttgccttggaagtatctctttatactggtttaaggctttcggatgtcttatcgttgagaactcaaaatataaagcaaaggttctctattcaggagcagaaaacaggaaaaagaaaacacatttatttaccaaaagaactgcaagagcgaatgctcatgcaggcggggcaaatttatgtttttccgcataggttggacggaaagaaacaccgcacaaggcaggccgtttggaaagatatcaaccgctccatgaagttgtttagaattccaaaggatctcgttgtttctcctcacacctgcagaaaagtttatgcggttgagagatttcgcaaaacgggcaaccttaaagaagtgcagcaacttctcaaccactcttctgagggtgttaccgccatatatgctatggcggatattatgaccgaaagaaaattgaagggaaagaaatattccgtcgtaaagaaataa
>gene_1037|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgatgtgcggtattcatagagtagaaaagcgaggacggcaggcggtcggtggattgcaagccgaagcgaacagagatgcagagcatgagaagaacttcgacggctctgacattgattggagcaggacgcaagagaacgtccgccttgtatcgtctgataattggctgaaagacattaacaagacgatacaagatgcaggcgtggaacacgtccgcaaggatgcgatagtcatgcttgacggactttacacggcaagtccagagttcttcaaagggatatgctacgaagaccaaatgcaatactttagggattgcctgcaattccatattgatacgtattgccacggggatgcatcccttgtgaagaacgccgtagtccattttgatgaaaccacaccacacatgcaggtgtgtagcgtacctatcacagaggacggaagactttccgcaaaggatgtgatgggaaacaaagcacaatatcatcaaaggcaggatgctttttatgaaaaagtcacaaaggattatcacttggaacgtggcgaggtgcaggaacacggcagagaaaagaagcatcgtgaccaaatggaacacaaggcagagcaggcagagctgaaagccaaggaaatggcttctaaaatcgagcataacaagtctgtgatagataaacaggtaaaagagtacaacaagactaaagaagcccttgcagagcttcctgcgaagcgtgaggagcttgctaaagtagagcaggaaatcaagacggcacaaaaagacctgggcaagaccttggagctgaaagcaaaggcttcaaagataagaacgccgttcggagataaagaccttgtaaccatgcaccgcaattcttatgacggcttgcatgagatagcaagagaagcccgtgaacacatggaagatgctcacagtacaaagaaatctgtagcaggacgtgagcaggcggtcaaggcaaaggagcaggaaattgagcctttgcatcggcaggcaaagcaggcaagggcagaagctgaaaagtataaggatgaccttgagggctatatcatcggaacggctagaaaccttgtaaaagaggaagttaaaaaggtcgagcctgctatcacggacagagaaaaacgcatggagcaatttatggatagctttaaccataacgggcagacactcctgcaggagttcaaccaaaaggaaaaggaacgccgtgagaagctcgaaaaggaaatcatggcaaaagctgaaagagctgcaaggagcagaagttgggattatgagataggagactaa
>gene_55526|Replication protein B
atggttggtaagggggtagagacaatggaaggtaaaagtatcaagcaattagctgatgaactcggtgttagcaagacggcagttcgaaagcatttgtctgaagaatttcggcaaaaatacacggaaactgaccgcaacggagttatcatcattacgcccgaagggtgcaaacagattgcggaaactataggaaacaaccgcaaaccgattgcggaaactaacgaaaacgcagtttccgatgttatatccattccgagagaagtctgggaagctcttcgggatcagctcgaaagccaaaagacacaaatcaaaagtctaactgaagctttaaataaagcacatcagattgcagatcaatctcaacgtttacaagcttcgagtgaaaaaagacgtctatcgttagaagctccaaaaaaatcaaggttcggatggatcagaaagataaaagggaagaaagatgaagatgaaggagaggattaa
>gene_42394|Replication-associated protein
atggccgtattagacgaacgtagtcgaaaatggcaagtgactgaaaataacgcggagttaacgattgaacaatttattgagaaagcgtgtaacgtaggcgagacaatttattgtatcgcaagcgaggaatatggcgaggagcaagggactagacatattcactgctttgttatttacaagaacgccattttaggtaggactttaaaaacgaagttttcgcgtgctcatttggagcgtgtaagaggaacgaacgcggaaaatagagattaccttgtaaaacaaggtaattataaagaggtaggcaatatgccgttaacctcttttacaagcgataagaacattatagcaagcgccgtttgtgccctcgtccttgacggatggcatccaacggatttattacgcagtcatgcggaatacgctgactatattgttcgaaattacaagtccctaatagacatatggaatcatagaaattag
>gene_19572|Mobilization protein
atgctctgcgaggctgacatggcaatgccgccgttggcggcgggagagaacacgatgcaccgttgttgctattcgctggattttggcgccgaaggcttctggaagagaactgatggttctttccaggcacgactggatgaggctcttcgaaatcagagcggagacaacgtggacgaagcgaggagcgacagcaacctcggctgggtgaaccccgcgtacggcggagatgctggcggaggatggcaaccgttagccaccgtccaggcacttgcggacgcgccgatttacactgctctgaaggctctgacgggcatctcagaggacgatgctggcgtactgcgctacgcacctggcacgcagggacttggcggtaaaccgccgaaggacacggcgcagggccgagcagttcggaaggacagcgtcattgcaagaagtttggtgctacaggcatccccaatcttcttttttcctaaaattgcgacagaagaatggacgcaagaggaaattgaatatcgtgattatgcggaacgaggccagattgacgaagatgccgttagagccttcagagacgcggggcttgcgtgggcgcagaaagaatgggggaaaaagctagttttcgctagtttccatttggacgaaaagagtcctcatatgcacatagtcgtcattcccgagcatgatggaaaactggcgtctacacgaatgattgcaggtcccaaaaaggccaaagacctcattgaccgcatggctccgtgcttcgtcggcatcgggctggagcgaccaacggaaggcggtacgagcacgggcaagacgtacgaacattttcgcaggctccaggaacgtgtgaaagaactggaacggcagcttgctgagctggaagctgaagctacagcgcgacgacgcaccctcttaatcgacgctgccagagcaagcggtctacatgctgcccaaaaggccaaggcagaggcagtagccaaaacgaaagctgcgagggcagaagttgaagcactggaagcacgccgcgaagctgaggaactacggctaaaccagcttcgtacggagatgaaggccctggaagcgcgattggcagatgtctctggcatggatgtcgacacggcgttgacgatgcaggaaatcgccaagggcatggatgatctgtattcacgtctgagtgcgctgtcatcggatgagcaagcagaaatctggaaagatcccgctgttcgtgaggccatggatgccgctattcggaatgcgcaggatatttcgtctacattgaaaccaggctgttaa
>gene_2457|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgggtgctgccgcacaggaggtatcaaaaatggcattttcatcgtctttccacacatccgcaagaggccacagtgttaagaacactgcaaaccttgccaaaatacaacgtcataacgcgagaggctatcaagcttgggactactctgcaggcaagattgtcgctctcattggcgacccaaaaaacatagtgaacgacacacaagcggtcattgactacgttttcgaggacaccttaaaagcatataatgaacgtcagaaacgtgacgaccgtaaaatctacaagaccccctaccaacactttaacgataataaaaaaatggacatagcgatcgagacgctattccaaattggcgacaaggaattctgggacgagtttcgaactgatgatgttatcattcgaaacgaaaaagaatatgttcgtcacagcttccctgccgaagtgcaagacgtgatgaacgacgtcttcctaaaacaaaccgaagcctatgctaacatctaccagacccacggcgccgaaatcttgaatcgcgttgtttctgaatacaacgctgtcgtggatcttctcaacactttgggcaaagaaaaaaacattggctatgccaacatttacaatctcccaccttccgagcgagagcgtatcatcaaccagatggatgatgaaattcaaaacgaatacgctatgttcgcaggcgctaccaacaccatccaaatgattaacgagctgaagcttgtggagcgtatcgaaggcggcatgatgcacatcaacgttgttaaccttaccgcccactatgacgagaattcaccacacgctcacaacgttagcttcgcctgggcggatggttttcaaaacggtcttaacagccgtattgcaaaatcggtcgttctaaaccgatgggcgcttgaggttctgcaggaacgtatgcacgaaatagcacaagaagaaatagataaacacccggagatttttcatggcagacagcttgttgaaaaacaaaaaggtcgcaactatgactacacaaaagagtttatacaacgttgtgagctcgcaaaactgcagcgcaacgttgttgctattgaccaacacataaacgctgctgtaggccaaataaagcacgattttgaaggttttgtcgcaaacgtaattgataacgtaataagtgacagcgacgtttacactcccggcatgtttctcttggccgccagcgaggacgaacgttttgccgagctcgaccaggaaggtcgggagcttcttaaaagttttcttcctgcagctctcgatttagatccagcacgtgaaggtctaatggctgtattagaaaaggcaagcgccgaatctaaagggataacctgggaagaaagacaaaacctttgggaccaataccgtgccgttagcaatgaattttgggaaacaagacaagaacttcaggaaaacactaaagctttgttggctctggaatatgaccttcgaaggagcgcaaaacagtcttattatgatgcccttgccttgctgcactcgaccaataatatttttgtgatactagccggctttgcctgggctttacacgctattcattccgaaaagaaaataaacgagaatatcgacaagcttaagcttgaacagaagcaactgaaagacgctacccaaagcttcaaaaaatatagcaacgcctaccgtgaagatcttaaggccggcaaaatgccatacctcaactacttacacgccatggaagacgttgttaaggctctcgatgaagaagctgcctctcagcctcagaagaaggttgaaaaggcaaaagaaaaccttagataccgcgaattttaa
>gene_44885|Initiator RepB protein
tcatatcgtattacaaatattgaccaattcgtaattaaccccgcaattgcagaattaactgtgttctttaaggatttgtcatgcaataaaaattattcaaagaaaactggtaagggcagaccaaaagtgattggatatgaatggacatttaagcctgtcgcaaatgaaaagaaacctacaaagcaaacccagccaacccaggaatcaatctcggaagtaacaggatggattaaaaccggcaagttctgtccgctttgccataggccggtctataaaaaacagtttgaaaatgaaaacggcatatactggatgtatggtcatgctgattggaaaacaggaaagtgtaatttcaaaacgtatgacattgccgatttgatagaggagcatcagctgcgcgaaccggaaccagcatctgccgagcaacgggaaaacaagaaaaaacttggcaatctaatcggcaatttatttaaataa
>gene_54040|Rep
ttgagacgcattttacaacttgaaaataagtatccagaatacaaagagtttaataaatttgtgctaaaaccatctatgtcggacatcaatgaaaaatcagatctcttactaaatcttgaacctaaaaaacttggtcgtaggatcgttgcgttagagtttcaaatagtcaaaaaggctaaatctacaactattccaaaatcggacggaatgcgaaaaatacacggcgtgtttgaagaaataaatcgtccgcaaattgtaaaaggctctcaagcagaaggagagtgggcaacagaaaattacaatcgagcagttaagcaaatgcgagaaaatggtgttttaaatactcgatttattgatgaagatttgcaaaatattcctaccgcttggcttaaggttattaagaaatatgcaggcattatcaatcggagtttatctcgggaaatatccgatgaattagacaagcgaaaacaataa
>gene_57255|Putative plasmid replication protein
atggatataatcagtacaaaggaggtgaaaaaaacaatggcgacaacaagaaaaaaggtaaaggttgtcggaaaagaaacatacataaaacagagtgatggttctctgcaggaaatgcaggttgtcagtatcgaagaaagagatgcaaactttcataaaatttggctggaacacatcattcacagtatggacatcatcggaaatcaaaagataaggttagcattctggctgcttgatcagatgaatagtgacaaccaaatcacaatgacacttcgccaaatggcagagaaatcaggtattagtttagacacggtcagcagaactatacgagctctcatcgatagtaatttcctgattcgatataataccggcgtctatcaagttaatcctgatgtaatcttcaagggtggaaaaaccaaccgaatgaatgtattgctcgaatacaacagtatcaaaacagatcctgaagcgtga
>gene_16510|Replication protein
atgcaccctcaaacagccactcagaaactagaaaaacacctagtaaatatcaaccctgatctacacccaaatgtaaatgtaatcgtaagcacgtctaaaacgcccgtaaagccacaaaatccatttgtgctactcttccttcaagtttttagagaaatcatcttaaaatacgatttaagcggttctgacatcgtagttttatcgttgttagctgaaaaaatgcaatggggtaatcaaatcgcaatcactcaaacctctctcgcaaaggaattgggtgttaaacgacaagccgtaacaaggtcatttaaaaaattcagagagtgcgggcttttaattgaagatgaatttggcaatcaattcatcaatgcacagataatcgctaagggggatttgtgggatcacaaaaacaacgatgcgatttatgaaatgtgccttgaagcaatgaaagatcgcgatttacctaaaaattattag
>gene_7244|recombinase
atgacattgacagaccattattatgttgttgcacatattcagaaatttaagggcaccgacctgactccaatggaattacattttgaccatgcagcaaaaaattcttccaacaaggatattgattcgagcaaaacttatttaaattacaatatttgtgatttaaatgacaatgcttgtcatttgcgtgagcttgttcgtgaaaaggttcatgcaaggtcaaataacaaaacaaaattgcgtaaggatgcaattcagttttgctcggttcttgtttctgcatcaccaaatttttttactgacaaaactccagaacaaattcaaaattactttgaatgtgcaaaggactgtcttgataaaatgttcggctcttctaactgcgtttgtgctatggttcacatggatgaaacaactccgcatatgcattatgtatttgtgcctttaacacgggacaatgagctgtgtgccaaaaaaataattaatcgttcttcgttgacaaagttacagaatgagcttccaacgtttttgcaggagcatggctttgatgtgtgccgaggaatagtaaattctccgcttagtcatattaaaacaaggacatggaagcgtgatgaattacttaaagagtcattacaagaagaattgctgaaagaattggaagttgatgtccggccagagacaaaaattttaggcagaggtaagaccggcaatgtaattctgaatgaaaatgattttgaaaaaatcaaatcaattgctgggcaattagttggcttgatagagaataattccgaaattatccgtcgaagaaatgaaatggaagcattacagagccagctggatgaacaggaaaaggaaattattcaaaggatgaaagagcaacagaagatttcggcccagctcaccgccgaccagcggaagctggtcgatcgggagcgggccgttgaaaactacaaaaaaattttggaagcccaggacaaagacatcgagttacaaaagcttgctgatgacctggagcgacagaaacaacaactgaagcaggagcaaattaaattcgataaaaaaattatagagcgtgtccagagtgtaagagatgtcgcaaaaaaattagtgctggaagaaataaaaaaagaaggcgaacaaggaaaatattccaaagaagcgttaaaagttttaaaagaaaaatatccggaaacatttgatgaagtcatcaaagttgccggcaaaaaactgaaggacaaagttaattctaaggtacaaaaaatcattgagcaggacttgttaccaccaaaatga
>gene_45843|Plasmid replication protein
atggcatctgaaaaatcaagaggttctgatcgtactcgtacttggtgcgctgtggtctatccggatagtgctccggagaattggcgcgatctgctcgatcagcagcatatcccttgggcttgtagcccgcttcatgatttggacgtcaatccgaccggtgaggtcaaaaagcctcattggcatattgttctgagctttgagggtgtaaagagctttgagcagatctcggagatcctcgagcctctcaactgtcctattccgcagcgggcgcatgacattcatggagctgttcggtacttggtacatatggacaaccccgaaaagcatcagtatagccgtagtgacattgaagctcatggcgggtttgatgtgtctgctgcgttgcagccgtctgtttctgagcgtcatcagatcattgatgagatgatcgcttggtgtgccgaaaatcgtgtcattgagtttcaagacctt
>gene_1161|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatctaaattttttggaaaggagaattattatggcaacaatcgcgacgcataacggtagtgcagtgtcacgcgcacacaatctgcgagataacagagtagcgatgaagagaaataatatagacccggatggaatacatgagacttggctcgatgtagacccacggaagatgtatgatgacttgttcggggatgcggtcaaacgatacaatgagaagcaacagagagcagaccgaaaggtgctggattactatgcgcaggttgctacctcaaagacgcagcatccagtttatgagatgatagtcggggtatacccgaaggacggagaggacatcacgcaagacatgcaaaagcagatactcaaagagtatatagacggatggcaagaacggaacccgaacctgatgctgtgcggggtgtactatcacgcagatgaaccggaagcgcaaccacacctgcatatagactatatcccagttgctcatggatataagcgcggaatggaagtacaagctggcttaaatcgagcatatgaggaaatgggatatgacggaaaatcatacaaagagacaccacaaatccgatgggaaagagcagagaatgagtatctggacaagctatgtataagccacggcattgaggtcgagcatccgatgcgagggcaagagaatgtgcagcactatgacacggcaacctacaaagcaaagatgacctatgaccatctgcaggaagcaatcgagcagagcacccagcaaatccaacaaatgcaaatcaagaaagagcatcttgagaaggacacactgaaattgcaaaagaataatgcttcgttaaaggctcaaaatcggcttgaagatataaattcgatgaaaaacccgaaaatcattaaaaaatcgattttagggcaaaatgtgacgatttcaagagatgattttgaagctgcagaacgcgcaatcaaacaaaatagagaagctcgaaaattgcaagaagaagcagagcaagagaagctggaagcggaaacgataaagagagaagcagaccagcggaaccggtacttgcaagacactatccaaaatctcaaccagcgcatcagagatgctggacaggaatatgccaaagaccgggtacaagagatggaaaagtacatggatagcctgaccatgaaagacggacggacagtgcttgctcatttcgaagaaaaataccaaaagaaaatggatatgcttctcaaacaaacgctggatgacctcaaaccaacataccaccatagccacggatgggaaagatga
>gene_31526|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagaagtatcggaacaacaatttccggcatgaccgagcggggcagtatcaggcataacaatcgggagtttacagcgacaaatgtagatcgagaacggtcggcgcagaatgtcatatttgtcaatgaggatctgaagcaggtctatcatgagctgtttgatgaagctctggagacttataatgccgggaagaaaaagaccagggacaaaattccggactactacaagcatatccagcaaagcaagcaggagaagctgttccatgaggcaatcttccagattggcaatctgaacgactgcggctgcggatcagagggcggccagcgggcagccgaggctctgacggagtttgcaaagacttttcaggagcgcaatccccaccttcgggtgttcaatatggtgttgcacatggacgaggccacaccgcaccttcatgtagactttgtgccagtggctacggagcagacccgtgggctgtctacgagagtgtccatgaagcaggcgctcttgcagcagggctttaagggggtggggcggaagcagaccgaatggaaggcttggatggatcgagagaaggactccttgaccgaaattgcccagcagcacgaatttgaaattatatctttgggtagcaaccggcgacacatggagctaccggagtaccgggcggcgattcagcaggtagaagccatgcaggagcaaatctccacagcagagcaggagattgaagaactgaaggctgagaagaaagcgttagaggcagaaacaaggtcgctttctggtactgtgaaggtgctgaaggccgcagaaggggtgcgggtggactttgatattattcgaccggaaaaaacgctcacaggggctgtaaagggcgttacggtggagcagatcagggaactcaaggccgaggccatgactggcgctgctgcgaagcaggaagccgtggagctgaagaaggaaaatgctgtgctgagaaaagacaaggccgagctgcaaaagaaagttccatctgttttggagcggatgaaggaggcagaacagcgaagtcagcttgaacacctgcggtttgagaatatggagctgaaggaagcgctgaaagaggaacagagcttttccaatcggctgctggatagcattgacaaggtactggatatgctggagcgccacctgccgaggcagcttcttcacctcgtcgataaggcaagggggctgctgccggagcatcagaactatcggcaggaaaaacattatgagagaagacattcctggggcgatatgagcctgtaa
>gene_54181|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgagaagtatcggaacaacaatttccggcatgaccgggcggggcagtatcaggcataacaatcgggagtttacagcgacaaatgtagatcgagaacggtcggcgcagaatgtcatatttgtcaatgaggatctgaagcaggtctatcatgagctgtttgatgaagctctggagacttataatgccgggaagaaaaagaccagggacaaaattccggactactacaagcatatccagcaaagcaagcaggagaagctgttccatgaggcaatcttccagattggcaatctgaacgactgcggctgcggatcagagggcggccagcgggcagccgaggctctgacggagtttgcaaagacttttcaggagcgcaatccccaccttcgggtgttcaatatggtgttgcacatggacgaggccacaccgcaccttcatgtagactttgtgccagtggctacggagcagacccgtgggctgtctacgagagtgtccatgaagcaggcgctcttgcagcagggctttaagggggtggggcggaagcagaccgaatggaaggcttggatggatcgagagaaggactccttgaccgaaattgcccagcagcacgaatttgaaattatatctttgggtagcaaccggcgacacatggagctaccggagtaccgggcggcgattcagcaggtagaagccatgcaggagcaaatctccacagcagagcaggagattgaagaactgaaggctgagaagaaagcgttagaggcagaaacaaggtcgctttctggtactgtgaaggtgctgaaggccgcagaaggggtgcgggtggactttgatattattcgaccggaaaaaacgctcacaggggctgtaaagggcgttacggtggagcagatcagggaactcaaggccgaggccatgactggcgctgctgcgaagcaggaagccgtggagctgaagaaggaaaatgctgtgctgagaaaagacaaggccgagctgcaaaagaaagttccatctgttttggagcggatgaaggaggcagaacagcgaagtcagcttgaacacctgcggtttgagaatatggagctgaaggaagcgctgaaagaggaacagagcttttccaatcggctgctggatagcattgacaaggtactggatatgctggagcgccacctgccgaggcagcttcttcacctcgtcgataaggcaagggggctgctgccggagcatcagaactatcggcaggaaaaacattatgagagaagacattcctggggcgatatgagcctgtaa
>gene_43506|TraG/TraD family protein
aaccccctgaaaaactggatccggatctttacgccctttggcctcatggccacagcattcttcctcttgatgatatgccttatcagcaagaaaggatatcactggctgtccggctatcactacacccacgatgagcggggctttgatatcctcccggacggcacccacggttcctcaggattcctcaaggaaaaggagatgcaggagtttttggagctgggctctgcgacggagatacaaggtatgatcggcttgcagggcggcggctctctttttcagctccgcttgctcggcttcgtagtcagccgacagttccatgaaacgctcatcgctgattttgccgtttacattgtcctcatacagccgcttgataatgcggctgatttcagaaatgcgttcctgcgcctgttcaagctgcttgatggctgcggcggtctttcgcttgccgccgatctcgttctgctggacaagtag
>gene_56890|Replication and maintenance protein, partial
gtggctaataggcagtatagcgagaacaacaatacagcttatatatctagaacgaaaagatatatagacgaagatggaaacgagggtctgcaaacagatgtgtacaagaaagtatatgctggcagacatttttggcgtgtatggctaggagatttattgtatacgcttggtttaattaataatagcaagcaattagatgtggtattttatgtacttgataatacagaccaatccaacaatttgtacataaatacgcttcaaaacacagctgaaaaaacaggtatatcatacaaaactgttgcaactatctttaaaaaaatgcaagatgttgatatgattactaaaaaacagaatggtgtctattttgtaaagcctaacttattgatgaaaggcgatgacagtaaaaaacaaagacttgtcatcgagtatgaaaaaattaagagaggtgaaaacgataatggctcagaatga
>gene_29240|Replication and maintenance protein, partial
gtggctaataggcagtatagcgagaacaacaatacagcttatatatctagaacgaaaagatatatagacgaagatggaaacgagggtctgcaaacagatgtgtacaagaaagtatatgctggcagacatttttggcgtgtatggctaggagatttattgtatacgcttggtttaattaataatagcaagcaattagatgtggtattttatgtacttgataatacagaccaatccaacaatttgtacataaatacgcttcaaaacacagctgaaaaaacaggtatatcatacaaaactgttgcaactatctttaaaaaaatgcaagatgttgatatgattactaaaaaacagaatggtgtctattttgtaaagcctaacttattgatgaaaggcgatgacagtaaaaaacaaagacttgtcatcgagtatgaaaaaattaagagaggtgaaaacgataatggctcagaatga
>gene_2467|Rep
ttgattgcggtgaagaagtcatacttcaaaagcagagattatattaaggctgaaaaaatacaacttctttggtctgcactttggaaaatgagatatgagagcttgaaatcaaataaattggacagtgatgagcttctttctctcactctgaacacttccgagcttttgcaaattcacattgtaaaagctgacagaggttcaatacccgagatagcaaaatatgccgtcaagcctcttgattttgactgctctgacaaagagcgagctgacgttcttgggtttcttcatgaggctttgaatgggaagaggcttgtttatctttcgggggttttcaaagaggcgaacaagcttttgaggttgaagcttgaagaggacacagaagaacggcttaagaggggagatgttgacaaggacgagcttgtccattattattggaattacaggcggacacgctatgaaagagagttctga
>gene_55389|Putative replication protein
atgcggtcatttgatgatactgatttgttactggattattatgattctatccatgaggaggctactacttgggagggacgtgctgcctttgaggcaaatccggagctttttgtccgggatgctttacaacggcagcagcaaggatttaatcggcgtggtaaagatatgagtgcttttattgcacctgggacaaatcctattgctgacgagctccggcgttattttgaggaagtaccgcctatgcagttctatcgtgagatatttccggagggggaattggatgagtggcgtgaaaatccagcggaggaacgaccggaaggggaacatggttatacaggaattgcatgcgaaatatgcaaggataaagtccggaggtatacggtcacagatgatttggataccgtagatgctcttatttggtcggataatttttgtgtgatgtctccgatttcgtatgtaggaaaaagccggaaggctacaaatgcacgttttatgtatgccctggttgtcgaaattgataatttgattgtcggtaaaaatggggagcaagaagggcttatggcattattgaaattttgtcaggaggtcagtgaggttattggtaaaatacgtcttcctttgccaacgtatgttgtagcgtccggttctggcgtacacctttattacaaatatacacgtccggttcctttgtttgcaaatgttgtagagcaactcaaagagtacaagcgagagcttacttttaagctgtggaatgaggcggttacaagaacgtataatgtcaaagaggtgcaacaggaaagtatataccaggcgttccggatggttggtacaaaaacgaagcacaatgcacgtgtgcaagcattcagaaccggagaaccggtgtctttggagtacatgaatcagtttgtaaaaccggaattgcagatatccactgtatatcgcagtaaattgaccttgcagcgtgcaaaagagctttatccggaatggtacgaaagacggattgtccggaaggaaggaaaaaagagatgggcggtaaatcgtgccgtttatgaaaattggcttgcccggatagcggaggaagccagggtaaatcatcggtattattgcatgatgtatttggtgatatatgcggtaaagtgctcgatttatgatgagaagaagaatccgaatccggttacttatgaggaattagaaaaggattgttttaagctgatgcgggattttgaagcattgacggtcagtgatgacaatcatttcacgcagaaggatgtattagatgcattgtactgttgggaagacccggaggaaaacgaagccgcttttgattgctcgatagatgttatttctgaccgttctgggcttgctattaaaaagagcaagcggaaccgcagaaaacaatatgagcatttgcaaagcgaaaaagtaaatgagccagacagaaaatatccaatagataataaatgcaaaaaaaatcgtgaagctgcattgcagtatatgcgtgaaaatggactgattgaaggaagaccgacggtggaatcacaagtccaggaatggcggcagctgcatccggaggggacaaaggctgcgtgcatccgggacaccggactttcaaagccaaccgtctacaaatggtggggggatggttcggaaaaggctcaatgtaccaggacacatgactttaagtggtggggaaatgtgataagtgcggaatcacaagtccaggagtggaggcagctgcatccggaggggacaaaggcagaatgcatccgggacaccgggctatcaaagccgaccgtttacaaatggtgggaaaataaataa
>gene_33509|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagtgacaatatcaactcataatggaagttctgtttcaagggaacataatattcgtaatagaaagataaccgacaaagaagaacatattgatagagaaggacattatgagatatggaaggatattaaacctagagaagcttatgatatgatttttggtaaagccttgaaggaatacaatgaaaagcaaactagggaagacaggaaaatcaaatcatattataatcaagtagagaaagatgaaaagaagcatactgtttatgaaatgataattggtgtatatccaccgaaagatacatttcttgacgaagatatgcagaaagctatattgaaagagtttgtagataattggcaattaagaaatcctaatctctttctatgtggtgcatacttccacgcagatgagcaaggagaaccacattgtcatatagactatatacccgtagcaagaggatatacgaaaggtctatccgtacagaatggacttgttaaagcattagaaggacaaggtttctcaaaggtaggaaaactaacagcacaaatacaatgggagaaatctgaaaatcaataccttgaaaagctatgtaaggctagaggacttgaagtagaacatccaacacaagaaggtagaaaacatcttcatacagaggtgtataaagcccaaatgagcctagaaacaagtttagagcatacaaaggacttattaaacgcacaagatgaaataagggcagaaacaagcaaattagaagctattagggataaagcagagaagcaagccgaaaaaggtttagagagaaaagctaaagcctttagtaagtcttggaagaaagataaagatagtggttggaattatgatagaggtcttgaaaaagagattagacaattagtagcagatagaaaagaagatgtaaaagctatatctcatacagacctagatatacaaagagaatatgatattgctagtagtacaaggtatcaagcagagcaagaagctgataggcttaaaagagaagctgaaaagcaattagctaaagcagaagaatacaagagaaatcaagaagcttatattcgtggtacttctgagaatatagcaaagcagatgtttcaagaatttattgatagagagtttagtcacgaaactaaaggtagaagtgctagattagaagaatattgtgaagaagtcaaatataaagatggtacaagtgtattagataaattcaatgaagcagaaatagaacgcaagaaagcattagaaagagaatgggatagaggttggagtagatag
>gene_20655|Replication protein
tataaagagatagcaaaacattgcgaggtatcccaaccaaccattgcaaaaattatgaagaagcttcgtgaaaagggtttcatcgcaaaacgtacagagggtaaagggatttactacgtgaatccgaacatcttaatgaaaggcaatgataccaaacgtcaaattctgttgagctactacgcatcaaacgagcctgtcaattccattgaagtagcacgtactatgcgcgaacctatcaagcaggacgtcaacggagtaacctatcaggaagctccgcctctgttgaccgagtcggacgagccggctacggagaaggcaaacgactggcgtagcgaacctgcaacagaacgtcaattgaaaaaaattgccgagctcgaagcgaaaagtggtctcaagtttaacggaaaaacaaaaggtgaggcgagcgaatttattactgctaccgcttcgacttccgcgcacgcgcaataa
>gene_4121|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggaattacatctttctccaaaggtaatatcaaaaggttcaaagggaagaactgcttgtggttctgcagcatatcgaagctgcagcttaatcgtagacaataatggtgtgcagcataattacaaaaacagaacaaatcataagggcggtggagttgagcttcctgcaggagctcccgaagaactgcgcgacccacaaacgttgtggcaacgtcatgagaaaaaagatatcagaaaagatgcacagttatatcgcgatatcgaattttctcttccaaacgaattaagttatgatgccgttggcaatatagtaagagggctttgcgctcctttgacagctcgaggtatgtgtgtgcaatgggacattcacgacaatatcgatacgatagcagagaccgggaaagaaagaaatttgcatgttcatatgatggtgacaatgagagaactgcaggcagacggaaccttcggaaataaaaatcgttcctggaataagtataacggtgggcttaatattgcagaccttctcagaccggaagctgcacgtctgatgaatgacgagctcgccaggatcggcagctctgaaagagtcgaacacgaaagctacgcctcacgtggaatcgataaggtgccgcaaatccacgttggcccgtcggcctacgctatggaagaaaaaggaatagaaacagatcgctttgctttgaatgaagaaataaagaaaatcaataaagaacatatcagttatcttgagaaactgagtaaatacagagaagccagagcaaaggcttctgaaatcgcgttgcttgaggctaaagaacaacgttatacgcttgaggatagaataagagctatggaagaagtaagaaccgttacaggcggttataaagcgcttgaggaaccatctaagccccttaaagagcaaacctatcagagcatcaaggtttgtaatcagcagatttacgctctgaaaaaagacaaagagcgcacgaagaacgttaaccgcgctttgcatcttattaaaaatcttgctggtgatcctgcgcttaacgttgagcaagagaaacagcttgagtgggctgttggatatttgaaatgggcagggatggagaacttagcgacggaggcagtctataacgaaatagacaagcttagagaaaacaacacccaacgtgtcatagagctcaatagactgcagagcgaaaagcaagaactatataacaatctttctgaaatgcgaaaaatagaatgggggcagaagaaaaacgctccttctcagacgataggaaggtga
>gene_17305|Replication protein
gagagtctttgcggttggcttgcaagggtaaatacgaacaaaaaaagcggtgttgcgaaaatagaattagaccgtgatttagtaccgtatcttttcgatttgggacagaagtttacccaatatcagctttacaacatactcgccatgcggtcggctttttcggttcggttctatgagctgatgaagtcctatgctttccaaaaaagcaagacttttgatatagacgaattgaagcgtctgcttatggtagaagatgtaaagtcatataaggatttcagtctttttagaacttatgtgcttgaagtggcagagcgtgaaatcaatgagctgacggatataaccatttcttttgaaccgattacgcaaggaagaaaggtagtgaaagtgagatttacgataaaggaaaaagcccccattgaaaaggcaatttccggagcaacggtacatgaaaaattgggggctttggaatag
>gene_42484|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtcatggattgaaagtgtcgaaatagattgtgaaagcaacatggtgtctatgcgtttagatgaaagattgaagccgtatcttttggaactcaaagaaaactacacaaaatatgctttgtcaagtgctttgctgatgaaaagcaaatattctattctgttatatgaatatctaaaaggcatggctgtcgaagaaatatttgaaatgacaatagaaaactttcgtgaattgcttaatgtcaaagacaattatgaaagagtgtctaacttgaaaatgcgtgtcattgatgtggctgttaaagaaataaatctgtatagcgatttgaaagttgactataaaatcattaaaagcggaaagacaccaacacacattgttttctatgttcacaaagaaagcgaaactgaaagtatgctgatgaaacatagaaacaatatagaacttgaaaaattgagaaaaggtaaagcaacatga
>gene_5217|Putative replication initiator protein
gttcttggcgagaaagactacgaagggcgcatgacaaatttcattacgaaggtcataaagcagccgctggatgaggtctccaagaagaccgacctgtcgatgacctttgagaaggccaaggaggggaggaacatcgcagggttcagattccactgcaaatggaaaaccgcgcctgttaagatcaaaaagacggaaccaaaggccatcaaggagctgaaagcagaaataaacgcagaagaacaggaaatagagcgcataaaagccgacggataccttggaatgatttgggatgaatgttatgaacaggctttaataaagttcaccaacgaaggaaaacccgaagaagaagccggactggctgccaaagcaaaggcttatacgtatatggtggataaaggattcataaaaaaacaggatcctaaacaggaaaaagaaattgaagggcagctgacttttccggagttttaa
>gene_53639|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
agcgcgcgtaagggctatgcggtagagctgtacgcaaaaacaggaagtctcaaagcggtacaggatgctctcaatcattcacatatcgacactaccgtgttatatgctttgagcgataaattacaatcaacaaaggatggtaacgagtgggaaagcgcatag
>gene_56710|Probable replication protein
ttgacgttgaatgcatggctatcgctggcgggacgctggggagcgggcaggaaagggcagcacctttcgccgatctacggggcgttgggctggctcgagtacctgagtaagcacgcttcgcggggggtcaaccactatcagcggcagggcagtccgccgggctgggaaaagaccggcaggctgtgggggtacaccggggagtggccggtgggagagcctgcggaggcccacattagccgggaggagttctggcggttccgtcgcctggtccggtcgtggcgtgtcgctgaggcgcggcggatggttcagaagtacgggcaggggcatcggaagatgatcggtcgtgcgcggcgcatgttgaagaatccagaccgggacatgtccagttaccgggcggtttctgagtggattccggaggatctgggcttcaagttgctcgaggtggccagtgatgaatcgccggattga
>gene_34106|Conjugal transfer protein TraA (Fragment)
atggtcaatcaggcgctggaaaaggcgaagctccatgagcgtgtgactcacaagagctatgccgcaatggggcttgaagtagcgccaaccatccacatgggagtaacggcaaccgcgatggagcgccgaggcatccagacggatcgcggtaatcttaaccgcagcaaaaaggggcaggagcaggaggagaggaaagagcttgtcagtctggagcggcagcagcaaggcatccatgcagcccgacagcggttccacatggaaagagcagcccgagcagcagccaaggcagaggccgaggaagaagaacgccagaggaaacagcaggaagccgagagagcaagcagacggcaagcagagcgagcggagcttgaaaagcgatacggacaggccgtgtgtatgctcatctgtccgcaatctctatctgccgcccgtagccgtgcagaatatggtcaatatctggacagactacaggccgccacgccagaacaacgcgccgcgatggagaaagaattgcgccatgctgaacaacgctatggagttcaggagcttttctattcctgggcgaagattgcaagccgtgacacctccatcagcggcaaggaacgggtaagggatgccatgctcaaagagtgggaccgggccacgccagagcgccgggaacaaatggagcaggaggccagagagtacgtccgaacgcatgaacgccagagaagcggcatgtcgatggggaggtag
>gene_34597|Mobilization protein
atgtcgatataccatctttctgtaaaacctgttcaacgctcaaagggaaggacagcgccatccgccgccgcatatagagctggggtgtgtctgaaagatgaaaggacaggcgaagtctacgactataccagaaagcagagaattgagcatacggagcttatttttccttctggcgtcaatatgaaccgtgaagagctttggaatactgcggagtcttccgagattcggaaggatggaacccccgcaagagagtatgagatagccctgccgtcagaactgacagcagatgcacgacgagagcttgcccacaactttggaaacatgcttgtccaaaaatatggagcggctgttgatattgccatccatgcaccgagcaggaacggcgaccaaaggaattttcatgctcacattttggcgactacccgccgctttacaaatggggcattgagccaaaaaacagactttgacttgtccgaccgagacagaaaaaagaaaggcttggggacacgtcgatccgaactggaattcattcgtgcggaatgggcacacatggtcaatcaggcgctggaaaaggcgaagctccatgagcgtgtgactcacaagagctatgccgcaatggggcttgaagtagcgccaaccatccacatgggagtaacggcaaccgcgatggagcgccgaggcatccagacggatcgcggtaatcttaaccgcagcaaaaaggggcaggagcaggaggagaggaaagagcttgtcagtctggagcggcagcagcaaggcatccatgcagcccgacagcggttccacatggaaagagcagcccgagcagcagccaaggcagaggccgaggaagaagaacgccagaggaaacagcaggaagccgagagagcaagcagacggcaagcagagcgagcggagcttgaaaagcgatacggacaggccgtgtgtatgctcatctgtccgcaatctctatctgccgcccgtagccgtgcagaatatggtcaatatctggacagactacaggccgccacgccagaacaacgcgccgcgatggagaaagaattgcgccatgctgaacaacgctatggagttcaggagcttttctattcctgggcgaagattgcaagccgtgacacctccatcagcggcaaggaacgggtaagggatgccatgctcaaagagtgggaccgggccacgccagagcgccgggaacaaatggagcaggaggccagagagtacgtccgaacgcatgaacgccagagaagcggcatgtcgatggggaggtag
>gene_34102|Conjugal transfer protein TraA (Fragment)
atgtcgatataccatctttctgtaaaacctgttcaacgctcaaagggaaggacagcgccatccgccgccgcatatagagctggggtgtgtctgaaagatgaaaggacaggcgaagtctacgactataccagaaagcagagaattgagcatacggagcttatttttccttctggcgtcaatatgaaccgtgaagagctttggaatactgcggagtcttccgagattcggaaggatggaacccccgcaagagagtatgagatagccctgccgtcagaactgacagcagatgcacgacgagagcttgcccacaactttggaaacatgcttgtccaaaaatatggagcggctgttgatattgccatccatgcaccgagcaggaacggcgaccaaaggaattttcatgctcacattttggcgactacccgccgctttacaaatggggcattgagccaaaaaacagactttgacttg
>gene_57963|replication protein
gtgccaaagtatcacaaggaaaccaagaccatttacaagggcaaagagggatatgtccaaattgacttgcaagcactccatgaaactggagaggtcaaagtcattagtgagcctattgtcgcagatgcaagcatcactaaatgcgacagaaacggttttgagataacctatcttgcttacctgtttgacgtattcgaccagttaggcggtcagaaatacaaggtattcaagtacatagttgagcataagagtgcagataataccctgattatcactaatcgtgaacttgctgaaaaatgtgatgtgtctttaaagaccgcccaggattgtattcgattactcaaagaaaaaggtttgattgcgacccgtaccggtgctataatggttctgcctaagattgcacaccgtggcaagtccggaagagagcaattcttaatgcacaaattcgaggaatttggcaacgaataa
>gene_16705|Replication protein rep
atggcaggagaattagtaaaaacacattcaattttaacggagactccattacgcaactttactgctgcggaactggatatcttaatggcactctgtaacaggttgagaaacaaacagacggatgtgtgtagtttcgatttcgctgaattaagaaaactgacaaagacatctgaaaccaataataaggtctttgctaacagcatcagacgaaccaacaagaagctgctggaattaaatataatgctgcatgatgaagaaaagccaggcagaacggtacagtttgctttatttaagcgatttgttacagatgaaaaagaccaaatccttgaaatttcagtaaatgaggaatttgcatttgtactaaatgacctttcaaaaaatttcacacgttttgagttagaggaatttgtcagtctcaagtcatcatacagtaaagcatgttacaggcagctaaaaaggtat
>gene_20630|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_34565|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_38559|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaactt
>gene_48010|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_35770|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_37787|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_44435|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_33533|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_34091|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccaga
>gene_33639|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_36833|Putative replication protein
atgaatataagcgaatttgccaagagtaggggtctgcagacgaatacggtgtcgaagtatatccgggagcatacgtcggaattcgatggacatacccaggtgaatgggaaagcggtcgagttggacgaccgggcgctggaattactggagaagaaatacccaaagccgaaagatccgatagtgatcggaataaacaaggacgagcactacacgatgatggcggaaaaggacgatcagatccgggcgctgcaagagcggatcattgagatccagcagaaacatgaacaggtggcctaccggttggggcaacttgcgtcgatcgaagatcaaagcgccaaggtagcagaagagttaaaggctgcacaagcagccattgccgaaaaagacagagacatctataaggcgaacgcggaaatcgagcgactgaagtccagatccctgtggcagcgaatccggaataagtaa
>gene_44246|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgcaaaaattttgcatttttcgcgtgaaaaaattacacgacgatggcaatgtgggcggagcggtagcccatcatttccacagtcggcagaccgacaacgcaaaccctgcggaaatcgaaaacgatgtttttttcccagccgaaatcagaccgaacaacgccgacaaatcctaccgcgagagaatgcgcgagcgggcgatggcaatttatcgcaagaaactgccaaaaaaaactagaaaaaacgccgtgaaagcctgcgaactgttgataacgacatcaaaccgagccgaaatcttgcaggaaaaccccgacttcgacttcaagggctacttgcgagaggcgaaaaaatgggcgtttgacaaattcggacgcgacaactttttctgcatagcggagcattgggacgaaaccacgcctcatttgtcaatgcttttcgtgccgaaagtggacggcaaacttaacgcgaggcattatttcggcggagcgaaaaaaataatcgagttgcagaacgacttcgccgagaatgtcgggcaaaagttcggtctggagaggggacagcggaacagccacgcgacgcacaaggaaatcaggcagttttacggcgaggagaaggaaaagtttgaggcggaggtcaaccaattcagcccaaaacgattttttgagagcaagaggcattacaacgagcgactggcgacgcaaatgaggcgaattaggaaaaacgacgcgaaggaattgaaaaaacaggcggacgaggcgaattttgcgcggcttgacgcagagcgggcgaaaaaggaaaccgacgacgcgctgaaaattgccaacaagcagattgaagatttgaaagagacgctgaacgaccaaatcgtcgagaaaaatcaagtcatagagcaactgaaaagcgagcaaaaggcggaactggaaagccaaaaagaaaggctgaaaaaagaatttgacgcggaaatgcggcaaaaaatggcggagaaagataaaaaaatcgacgatttgcacgatttagtttatgaaaacaagcaaaaatggactttcaagcactccaaaacaggcgaaaaaatccaagtccacgaaaaaggactgatgcatcaggctgaaattgcgcacaactggcaacacttcacaccgcaaattttgcgagaaactgcggacgaaatcgagcaaaaacactgcaacaactgggcggaagtggcggaatacgacaaaaaacaggcggaaatagcccaaaaaacgcggcaaaaatcgaaaggcaatgattatagcctctcgtggtga
>gene_30046|Rep protein
atgaattttactaaaaatcaagaagcagaaattttggttgatttgtcgaacactggaaaaattaagccttggtcggagaaagcgagtaaaactagagtgttagcagatatttacgaaatagttaatcctagcaaagcggtaagattgcgtaattgtgcatcgtttttggattatcatgtttgtgagaatggaaaaaagcggttagttaatgctaatttttgcagagttagactgtgtccaatgtgcgtgtggagaaggactcttaaaatatttagtcagacttcagctataatggatgttatcaataatgagtttgggtatgagtatatttttttaacattaacgatgaaaaattgtgaacctgatgatttgtctgaagctattgatatgatgatgaattcatggaataaattcagtaaatacaaggcttttaagcaggctattaagggtttttatcgaggg
>gene_32901|ParB-like protein
atgttcggcatgagtcaggaggaggcggcacgcaggctcggcaaatcgcagtcggcggtcgcaaacaagctccggctcctgcgtctgccgcaggacgtcttggactcgctgcgaagcaacggtctcacggagcgccacggcagagcgctgctgcgtctcgacagcgccgacaagcagcgtgacgcacttgagcagataatccgacgggacatgacggtcgcaatgaccgacagctacatagacgcattgcttgaggcggaaaaggagcaggagaagtccgagcagaagcggacgtttataatgaaggacgtccgtgtgtttatgaacacgatactgcacgggcttgacctgatgaagcagggcggcatagccgcaggcatgaagcgtcaagagacggaaaacgagctgatactgacgatctcgataccgaagaatcgggagacggcagcggcaaacgaaaactga
>gene_37806|Replication protein
catattcatacattgttgatgtttgataatgtaaaaaatgtgaatcaggtaaaacaattttttattgatctattcggtgaatcggaatccggcacaatacccggcgtagcaacaccacaacgggtatctgataaatgcgcactggtgcgctatatggcgcacctagaccacccgtcaaaatgccagtatgacccggcggatattatcgggcataatggcgcagacccagcggaaatcatgcgctatagcgcaactgaaacacgtgatatgatgatcgccattgaagaatacatagatgataataatatcacagaactatgcgatttatcggcaatgatacgatatgagcacccggaatggtacacaattattgcaaccaaatgtacggtatattttaatgcatacattcggtcacgtcgacacaaatatcagcgcatcgatctggaaacgggggaaattcaatga
>gene_57180|RepB
atgggtatccctaaaagttggagaacaattgaaataatgcaacaatgcaaatttggtttcactttggaatatgtgaaacaactttgtgacgaatggacagttataaaagattttgcatacataatgcacgataaagatataagagcggatggaagttttaaagaaccacacattcatttaatgattagatttaataatgcagttccaacggctcaacttttaaaaaaattagaaggtgtttgtgaagtccaacatttagaaaaaatcaagggtggctggaacaatgcaatcgcgtatttaactcacgctaatgactctactaagtatcaatatttagaagaagatgtttttagtaactttgactggcaagcagatagagataaagcgttagcttcaaaaggtcgtcttgaaagtattataaatggtatagaagaaggaattattagggaatataattatacg
>gene_38086|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gcagagcgagcagatctgcgagccacccaagccgaagccaaggttgagagagcctatgcggatgccaacagacagcttcaagcgaagatagccgaggtcgagcaggacagaccaagtctgaagatgacccaagagaacattcagcttcgcaaggagaaccagagtctgaagacggaaaacagcaccttgcagggcaaggtcgcagaccttgagggcatggtgcgccgtctgcttcagatagtccgtgagaagctgccagaggtctatgctgcactcacgcagcgtaagcagacggagaagcagcagccgacccaagagaagccgaaaccgaagtccaagggttgggagcgataa
>gene_30883|replication protein
atgccactacataagccagagaccaaaactctatatcaaggtcgtgaaatgtacgcacctgtgggcataaataaagagacaggtgaactacaaatcatcggtgacacgttcgaagccgaccaagttgtcaaaaaggtcgaacgtcaaggatttgaaattacctatctcacatatttctttgacctatttgataagttgggcggtcaaaaatacaaagttgtcaaatacattatagaacataaaaaccacgaaaatcaactcataattacaaatcgtgagttagccaacaaatgtggcgttggtatcaataccgtgaccgaaacacttaaattgttgcgttcggcaggattggtgcaaacacgtacaggctctataatgctaattcctaaacttgcacatcgtggaagttctaaaaaggaattgtacttaatgcaaaaatttgagactttcgatagtgaggaataa
>gene_34085|Mobilization protein
atgacaatatcaagtattcatttccaaaaagcagaagttgaatttgcggaaaaacacaacttcagaaccgagaaaaaagagcctgaatatttgcttgataaacagtaccgtaaaacgaatgaatatttgaaacttcacgatccaaaagagctgtatcaagagcaacttaaacttcgcaatcaaaaccatgcacgtggcttcgctcctcatcttaaagatgtgtactgggaagcggtggtgaatcttgatgaaaagcactcattagctgatgtaaagaaagtcgctgacttcatacagcagaagtaccacctacagccgtgctcaatagctcttcatcacgatgaaggatatacagacaaagacggtactgttaaatacaatcatcatgcgcatttatgttttttgacgatggataaaggcatatcgacaatgcgtaagatacgctcaaaagagctacgacag
>gene_53525|TraG/TraD family protein
atgtttataaagctgagcaggtatgcggatgtacaacccgagggacggtgtcaagtcccagttaatctaatcctggatgagtttaacaatgtaggccgcatcggcggcgcagaagacggttccgatttcgcccgatcgttatcggttgtcagatccagagacattcgagtaatgatagcagtgcaatctcttggacagctgcagaatcgttacccgaagaacctgtggtcagaaattgtcggcaatatggatattcaactcatgatgggttgctctgatgatgtctcggctgagtttttctcagctcggtctggagatatgtccgttcaggttaacacaaccatgacggtccgccagacaattgcacttgcacaggtcattcctcaataccgacgtatggaaggccacggtcgtaggcgcctacttactccagatgaggtactgagattaccaaatgaa
>gene_55905|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaccgctctttgcgatctgctccgggcgaccggctaccgggtagatgacgtgctgcacaccactgtcggcgactggcgcggcgatcaggtcacgattctggaggcgaagaccggcaaccggcggacggtggtcctgtcaccggcggcgaaggcagccattcaccgactgacggcgcaccgtccgaatgcgccggacgacgagccgatgttcagaggggaacgtctgaggctcggtgacagtccttggctgcaccggtcgacggtctggcggcgattcacggcggcggtcaggacggcgggcctggacggtcgaggttacacgatccactcgctccgcaaaatgtacgccgtcgagcagtacgaccggacacaaagcctcctagccgtccaaaaagacctcgggcacaaacgcgtcgacaccacgttgtggtacgtctgcggctccgatgtccgcctttaa
>gene_55444|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaccgccctttgcgatctgcttcgggcgaccggctaccgggtagatgacgtgctgcacaccaccgtcggcgactggcgcggcgatcagatcacgatccgcgaagccaagaccggcaatgaacgcacggtgatcctgtcaccggcggcgaaggcagccattcaccggctgacggcgcatcgcccgaaagcgccggctgatgagccgatgttccgcggggagcgtctgagactcggcgacagtccttggctgcaccggtcgacggtctggcggcgatttacggcggcggtcaggacggcgggtctggacggtcgaggttacacgatccacagtttgcggaagatgtacgccgtcgagcagtacgaccgcacgcagagcctgctcgccgtccaaaaagacctcggacacaagcgcgtcgacaccacgttgtggtacgtctgcggatctgatgtgcgcctttaa
>gene_30346|Replication initiation protein (Fragment)
atggaagaaaagaagttctccgtctgtaagtcttgcgaagtggtttctgacactgaacaccttacagaagcaaaaatcaaagaagttattcagcaggactgtgtcacgaagtgggcgtatatccttcatgaccatgataccaaagaggacggaacacccaaaaacccccattatcacatatatctgaaattcaaagatgcccgacaggtgaagtatattgcacaatggttcggactggctgaaaacttcattcacagaatcagaagtaatgaacggaatacactttcttatctctgtcaccataccgatactgctcgggaaaagtatcagtatgacccttcttctgtggttgcttcatttgattacgtggcttttctctccggtgctgataaaagagcagatgaagcgtcagagaaaatcggtcatctgaccccggagttcctgcaggagttggggcaaaaattagatagtggagagatagcggagtataacatacgtgacatgattcccgataattatacactggcaaaaaataagattgtcattgataacatgataaaaaacgcaaatgaaaagagaggaaaggaagcaagaaaaatgttaaacaagggtgaaggaatgcgggtgatatggctgtatggtaattctcatatgggtaaatctcactatgtggcaaagtggtgtgaagcagagaaacaggtatgctattggagttcaaacagtaatgatctcttgggtgagtataagggtgagcccgtggtttgtattgatgacatcagaggttctgatatgcgcttctcacagcttctgaaactgcttgaccccaacgtacaaacggctcagaagtcccgatataaggataagtatttgatgtgtcataccctttttgtaacgtcccctgtggagcctgaaagcgtctataagtggtatgaagcagaggatgcagagggcagtaaactgaacgctgtcaatcagcttatgcggcgtatttatgaggtaagagagtttcttcccgatcatgtcaatcagtatgctgtttttccccagccttatggcaatactgtcaaatatgaaaaaatgctcatggtaacacgtgatggaaatgattacgctgaccaaacaatgaaggaagttaaaacaagtcccgattttttccgtaaaaagtggctcaaaaaacagtttgaagaaacaggagatgtagttttttctgaccagtatcgcgcgctttacggtgaaagtctgctgaccgaagaagtaaatatagatgaggagttaccgctatga
>gene_39216|mobilization protein
atgcgaacagctttaacggatgcatacgaagacatttttggcggtgcaattgcatcttacaatggtaagcagaaacgagcagatagacaactgtctgtcgagagctatatgcaatctattgtggacgacacaagaggcaaacgacagaccaaaaaagagaatggtaaggctgtcgttgacaaagacgcacgacagggaaaacagttgtcgtatgagctcacaattaaggttggaaatacagacagagaaaaggacaaacagggtcgtgtgatgtatgatagttctgggcatcatatccgaccacaggctctacctatcgaaatcacaaaacgagcacagaaaaggtatgttgaaacattccaacaggcgaatcctaacttgcgtttaatcaatgctgattatcacgcagatgaaggcttttataatcgcaagggtgtatgggaatattcaaccgatcacacgcacattgaagtcgtaccggttgcaagtggttttaagcgtggacttgaaatgcaaaactcaatgaataaagcaatggcagaaatgggttttgatacacctgattgttatgctttatgggctaaacgagaacaggaacgacttgaaaaaattgtacaggaagaatatgagacgtattgcaaaacgcatcctgattttgcaaaagaccacggctctcttgaaattgtgcatccagtaaatgaacgagcgaaacagggtggagcaagtaaagaagtgtttgcacaagagcaagagctagatgaggtaatccacgaggcgtgggcaatcaaaaggactttcttaaatggatgtaaacgcaataaggaatatgaacaagaattacaggctcgtgaaaacgatatacaggctcaaagggaggctttgcaagttcagaaggataaatataccgaaataacacaaaaagcccaaaatgagctaaataaagtcttacagatgcaaaaggatgcagaagagcttaaacaagaattacaagctcgtgatgatttgaggcgacaggatgaagctgatgcaagagaatacaaagagcaagccctacaagcattgggtaatgcaagccagatactcgccaatgcgagggctcttccgacattcgattcgaataacatctacatcacgcaaagaaaagaaaatgggagttatacttcaccaatacatataaaagattttaatgaaaagcacgagaagctgaagaagcaaatacaagcaacggtttcaatgtgcaacgatatggaaaatgctggttgtgataatcggcaaatgacctaa
>gene_2655|Replication initiation factor family protein
gttcgtgttgagttgcagttgcgtgatggtcgtgctgctgagtttagcatgcttcctatgcctgttggtgaggctttcgctggtgttcttcttaactacgttagatttgtttctcccgatgatactgattccaataagtctcgttggttaactgcaccttattgggatgcttttattggtgatgtaggccgcattcgtatatttactgttcccggatctgaatataacgttactcgttgtaagcactatgtttttgatatggctggtaatgcaattgatgctatgttgcgtatatgtggtaatgtttccgattttatgacgctgctttcatcgcgtaggtgtgcgccaaatcccaaatatgaccggcttgttgaggagcattatgctcgtcaagaggcttgggctgcaaaggtgcgtcggtacttggatgtcgatgattctcccgatcctgtcgatttgtaa
>gene_50239|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer
gtgtatttgaaaaccgacaacgatattcagcgacttgtcaccaacctgttcaagaataccacccccaagggaagccaatcccaagacccgttctgggatcaagcggcatccatgctgcttcttgcccttgtgttctacctccactatgaagcaccggaggacgaacagaacttccccatggtcatggaaatgattcgtgccggtgaagtccgggaggacatggaggacttccattctccgctggatgaactgtttgaccggttggaaatgaagaaccccgaccacatcgcattgaagtattaccggaactacagatccggcagcgccaagacactaaaatccattcagatcacccttgtggcaagactggaaaagttcaatctggaatccctggcgggtattacacagacggacgaaatggacctttggagtattggcgagaaaaagaccgtcatcttt
>gene_19622|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL domain protein
atggcacttacacaacagattgttgacaatgaaacaggagaagtaaaaagcagtagaaatctaggtgaaaattccaattttgtaatgatttttaggaatgagatgcacggattgcgaaaaatcgcaatacaagacggcaaagcactttcaatctttatgctgttaacagagcacatggatcatgaaaattctattattgtatccagagaaacaattagtgagattttagaaatttcaattccaacagtagatagaaaattgaaatttctaaaagacaacaattttattactgtattgaaatctggaacagcaaatatctatacagtgaatgccaatattgcttggactacatacgcaaataaaagagagtatgctaaattcaaaacaaatattttgatatcgagaacagaacaagaatacaaattgaagtcctcgaaagcgaagcagttagatttactttga
>gene_32038|replication protein, partial
atgagagcagttaacaatcaagaacagtcccaaagcgaaagcagattaatgaatcaaagtccattcgcaagattttaccaagtcaacaaagacaaaagtgaatatttgcgaagttgcttaaaggaaaatccaaaggcactcgaaatacttttctttatttttgaccacatggacaattacaacgcactaatttgctcgtatacagtatttcaggaagcaataggagccagtcgtccgacagtagcacgttgtattaaatacctaagggaacacggctttatctatgtttataaaagcggaataagcaacgtttatgtcgcaaacaaagaattggtttggaatagttggggaaacaatattaaatactgtgaatttcctgctaacgtcctactgtcctcttcagaacaagaaaagcagttgaacgtaattcaaaagaaggtcaacacattgtccttgtaa
>gene_403|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
ggtgaggtcaaaaagcctcattggcatattgttctgagctttgagggtgtaaagagctttgagcagatctcggagatcctcgagcctctcaactgtcctattccgcagcgggcgcatgacattcatggagctgttcggtacttggtacatatggacaaccccgaaaagcatcagtatagccgtagtgacattgaagctcatggcgggtttgatgtgtctgctgcgttgcagccgtctgtttctgagcgtcatcagatcattgatgagatgatcgcttggtgtgccgaaaatcgtgtcattgagtttcaagaccttatggattatgcgcgtgatcagcgtcgtgatgattggtttccgatgctttgtgatagctgcgctatggtcatgtctctgtatttgaagtctgcgcgtcatcgtggagctgacgcgcacagtgtcgcgtcagcgccccgtttttag
>gene_56865|Replication protein
atgaaattaaaaaaatatgaagttgtatgtgatatagcccatcttgaaagagagaaaatagagcaggttttgagtagtaatgacgcaataaaaaaatgggctttcattttacacgataaggacaaaaaagaagatgggacagataaaaacccccattttcatattttgatatggttgaaatatactacagatagcaagtatatagcccaatggttttcaatccctgaaaacttcgtaaacaaaatactttgggatgtttccgctttggactatctcacacacaaaaacgccccaaacaaatatcaatatgacgattccgaagccgttgcctctttcgatatagctgaagcaataaaagcgggaagaaaagcggctgaaaacaataaaaaacttgaggaaattgtcaacagaataagtgccggagaaattaaaagcttcgaaatcactgaatatctttctgcttctgaatacgtacagtgggaaagaaaaatcaaaaccgcctttgaatataggcgtaagaaaataatgcttgaaagtaaaggagagagaaatatgaaatgttattttttgacgggagagagtggaaccggaaagactacttttgcgaaggaattttgcaggaaaaataaactttctttttttgtgagtagtggatccaatgaccctcttgatggttacgatggacaggaagcgataatccttgatgatttgcgtccttctacttttggtcttgcggatttgttgaagcttcttgacaaccatacggcttcgacagtgaaaagtcgtttctataataagttcataagttgttctcatttgttcatcactacaactcttccgcttggcacattttttgacgaaaccttgaaaagtgatgcagaagaggaaaccattacacagttgaaaaggcgttgcgaaatgttgatgcgttttgagcctgaatatatctatccctatatttatgatagagcgattaaagagcatgttccctgctccagaatggtcaatacctatacttttgatgccgcaaaacttgaaatgatgacaacagaacaaaaacttgacaagttgaaaagtatgctcggtgaaatgtctgaaatggttgaaattgccggacaggttaccgtttccaacgaaaaaattgaagagaaagaaaaagcaaaaaaagaagaagagagaagaagagctcttgctgctttaggtcctaatatcacggataaaaaaagaattaaggaattgaaggcccgtatgaagagcaaagaaagagaggaagagaagaaatga
>gene_17746|Replication protein
atgaaatatacaggaactgaaattatatatagatttaataaagaaactggtgaatatgaagaaatagggaatgctgatacttttattaagcctattggaagagcagagccatttatgattacttatttagcagagattataaatttaatagatactttaggcaataaaaaaatgcaagtagttaaatatattttaaaaaatatgagtaaatcagaaaatacattaataataacaactagagaattagctgaaaaaaccaaagtttcaaaacctgttgtattagatactttaaaattgttggaagaagctaatatcattcaaagacgtactggagctattatgattagtcctaagttggttaataataaaaaagctaaaggcgaggctattatgatgactaaatataaacaattcattgaagatgaagtagcttgtactgttgaaaatgaaacaatttaa
>gene_57471|replication protein
atgtatttttttgaatataatgaatattgtcaaggaggtgaaagaatgaaaaccagtgcaaccaagaagcgcaaaaagaggcaaattcaatttagcagtgaaacaatttatcgtgctaatgagaatggagagcttgagcctttagaagcttctgtcattgacgaagagtgggaagatgatgtcgatataaacttcgacaaaatttggctcacttcggtaatggaagctttggagcaggtcggcaacaagaagtttagtgtggctcaatacatactgaaaaacagagaccgaaacacgaactatctcattcagacccagcgagaaatcgccgaaaaatgcggtgtcagcttgcagacggtaagcaccactcttaaagcattagaagctgcagatctgattgtcggaaaaagcggtatctatcaggttaaccctgataagctcgcctacggcggtaac
>gene_41533|Replication-associated protein G2P
gcgctcacgcccgcccaacagttcgccttgatcggtgcctggctcgaggtgacctcggcctggggatcgcgggcggccgcccagaccatcaagccgatcaccggtgctgagggctggctgcagtacctgtccaagcacgcagctcgtggggtcaagcactaccagcgctggggcaagcctgacggctggatcaagaccggtcggctctggggtcacgctggcgactggcctacggagcctccgatccgcgcggatctcaccctggccgactaccaccgcctacgccgtctcgtgcgcccctggcgggtcgctgatgcacgcgcagcaggggactggacccgcctcacctacgcccgtcggatgctctcgtgcccggaccgcgcgctgtcgcccgtccgtggcgtctctgagtggatccccgaccctgtcgcgctccggctcctcgacgcgctcgattga
>gene_43320|Protein rep
atgcctaaagataattataaggaaaaaatgaaatcttgtcaaggtgattcagataagcttctggaactggaactgtccgataggttcggaaagcaaaaaagttataatgaagttcttgtgaagtcttatggtagaatatattctgaccaatggggagacattgacgaaaagcatgcaagaaaaataaagcgtgtgtctgagtgtggtactcatttacagtttagaaagcctttgtctgattcttcggctaaatggactttgtacgatgcaaatttttgtcgtgaaagactttgtccaatgtgtagctggagaagaagtttgaaaatttatagtcatgtatcaaaaatcatggactatatacaagatgattatgtctttttgtttcttactcttactgtcccgaactgtacagctctggaactcaatgatgcaattaatgatttgatgttggctttt
>gene_46074|Origin of replication
atgcctaaagataattataaggaaaaaatgaaatcttgtcaaggtgattcagataagcttctggaactggaactgtccgataggttcggaaagcaaaaaagttataatgaagttcttgtgaagtcttatggtagaatatattctgaccaatggggagacattgacgaaaagcatgcaagaaaaataaagcgtgtgtctgagtgtggtactcatttacagtttagaaagcctttgtctgattcttcggctaaatggactttgtacgatgcaaatttttgtcgtgaaagactttgtccaatgtgtagctggagaagaagtttgaaaatttatagtcatgta
>gene_55145|Replication protein B
atgaaaacaattaaacaacttgcggacgcactcggcatcagtaaaactgcagtgcgtaagcacatgaccgaggacttccgcagtaagtatgtgcaaactggtgcaaacggagtgctaactataagccccgaggggtgcgaactgattgcggaaagtttccgcaatcaaccgcaaaccgagtgcgaacaaccgcaaaccaaccgcaaaccgagtgcggaaactactgaaaaccacacaagcgacttgatagcgttgttgcgtgctgaactgcaagcaaaagacaaacagattgacgaacttaacgcaaggcttgcggaaactacttcggcactttcgcaaaccgcaaccgcattgcaagccgcccaggctttacacgctggcacaatgcagcagcaacaacttgaagcaccaaaaccaaagagaggactgttttcatggattaccccaaggaagtaa
>gene_28069|Replication protein B
atgaaaacaattaaacaacttgcggacgcactcggcatcagtaaaactgcagtgcgtaagcacatgaccgaggacttccgcagtaagtatgtgcaaactggtgcaaacggagtgctaactataagccccgaggggtgcgaactgattgcggaaagtttccgcaatcaaccgcaaaccgagtgcgaacaaccgcaaaccaaccgcaaaccgagtgcggaaactactgaaaaccacacaagcgacttgatagcgttgttgcgtgctgaactgcaagcaaaagacaaacagattgacgaacttaacgcaaggcttgcggaaactacttcggcactttcgcaaaccgcaaccgcattgcaagccgcccaggctttacacgctggcacaatgcagcagcaacaacttgaagcaccaaaaccaaagagaggactgttttcatggattaccccaaggaagtaa
>gene_26391|Plasmid replication protein
taccatgtcattgtgattaagcaaacaaagtggcaaactgccgcaatgttttgcgacattacaaacggtccttgttgcatacccgttgcgaatgtccgtggcaaatacgactatttgacacacaaaaacgacccaaacaaggcacaatatgaccctgcagatatttcaaggcataacggttttgacattgcgaaatacgacaacttgacaagtgccgaagtttcgcaaataatgtgggacttaaccaatatatgccgtgaaaactgcattaccgaatacagcgacttgattgcatacataatggagcacatgtcaatgtctgagtttgacgttgcaagtcgccacacgatatacttttcaaaccttgtgaaaggtatatggcgacaaagtgcaaacactatgcaagtagaccccgacaccggcgaagtgttgaacgatgacaactgcacagagtaa
>gene_14720|Rep_1
tctgtgaatccgtcatattttgattccagagattatatcaagcatgatgattgggtgtgtatttggcaaaatgctattgatgtagattatgagccttcaattcgtgttcaagcggttaggtctagagacaatgtcaaagatgccacaaaaggcgaaatttcatataataatgccgttcagaaagtcgctgaatatgtggcgaagtcttcggaatatgtcggcaattatgaagttgtgaaaacccttgtggactgtttttccaatcgcagaaaatgtggttttgtcggtgattttgccaagtatagaaagttggtaaaggtctccgatgctcaaatggaagatgatttgataaatacagacgttaattccattcgtaatgatgtctttgtggctttcgtttcttcttcctggaacggctccggttatgacagcatttataatccggttgtcttctga
>gene_15488|Mobilization protein
atggcatttagttacagttttcatttatcaagcaagggtcattcggttagcacgatagcaaaagttggacaagtttctcgacataatttaagagattacaagtcgacagattacgacaaaaatgatgttcaaattctggtcggtgggaatgaaagtattctccaaaatatgagggaagtgtacagacaagaatttgatgaagcattaaaaaaatacaacgacggaaaaagagtagaccgacaaattgaggactacttaaaacatatctcagactcaaaggctgatgtaggagcagaaataattattcaagtaggagataaagacttctgggaaggaataaaaaagtcggacagaaggatagacggattatttgaaaaacaattagagaagcttcaggaacttgttccagagtttaaaatagcaagtgcggttatccattatgatgagagtagcccacatatgcatatcgtgggtgtaccagtgtcagaaggcttcaaaaagggattagagaaacaagtcagcaagactagagtatttaccgctgaccgattaacccatcttcaagataaaatgcgtgagaatgttgaggagtgcatgaaggattacccagagatatttgaaggcagacagttaaaagaaaaagagaaaggcagaaacaaggatattccgaaacagaagctggatgaatattaccaacttgaagaaaagataataggcggtaaagaagaagtagagttttggcaagggcaaagtgatatgtatatgaataatgctattcagaacagagacgaagtttttcgccttcaagactag
>gene_54489|Mobilization protein
atggcatttagttacagttttcatttatcaagcaagggtcattcggttagcacgatagcaaaagttggacaagtttctcgacataatttaagagattacaagtcgacagattacgacaaaaatgatgttcaaattctggtcggtgggaatgaaagtattctccaaaatatgagggaagtgtacagacaagaatttgatgaagcattaaaaaaatacaacgacggaaaaagagtagaccgacaaattgaggactacttaaaacatatctcagactcaaaggctgatgtaggagcagaaataattattcaagtaggagataaagacttctgggaaggaataaaaaagtcggacagaaggatagacggattatttgaaaaacaattagagaagcttcaggaacttgttccagagtttaaaatagcaagtgcggttatccattatgatgagagtagcccacatatgcatatcgtgggtgtaccagtgtcagaaggcttcaaaaagggattagagaaacaagtcagcaagactagagtatttaccgctgaccgattaacccatcttcaagataaaatgcgtgagaatgttgaggagtgcatgaaggattacccagagatatttgaaggcagacagttaaaagaaaaagagaaaggcagaaacaaggatattccgaaacagaagctggatgaatattaccaacttgaagaaaagataataggcggtaaagaagaagtagagttttggcaagggcaaagtgatatgtatatggataaggctattcagaacagagacgaagtttttcgccttcaagaccagaacaaacaattaaaagaaaaaaatgatgaactttcgagggagctttctactaaatcggcagatttagatcagaaagcggaagaactaaaaaaagtggatgctattactcttttattaagccaagaagaccgagaacctattcacttgcaaaactatactatcccagaaaaaaagaccttttttggcaaagtagaagagccagaacgacaaggcacatttgtggaaggtctggacaaggggcaagtaaaatcaataatgcagcgagtgaaggttgaggaaggtttagagagtgcttttgacagtacacaagagcgttgcaatgctatcctaaaaaaagcaacggaagaagctaaagaaattcgttcagaagcaacagcagaaaaaaataaaatagtggcacatgctcaagatatagtaaatcagcagaaccttattatccagaaggcaaaggaatgggctgacaacctcaaaaagaagtataatgagcttgtaatgaagtttaatgagcttctggagagaaaaggtaagttagagcgagaagttgctgaaatagaaggatataggggaaaattagagcctttaaaacaagaggtggaagaacttacaaggactaaaaaaatattatctggagagcttgattacgagcttacacaagcaaagtttaaagattggtctacaatgcgttatggtacgagttttgacgagtatagaaaacgaggtgagcttctggctttatacaaagatggaactgtccgccaagtgggaagaaatgagaatgggggatgggatagaaaaactttggaagaccaagaaaaagggctttgccgagtgggaataatggaagaggaagaacgagtacctgtaccaagaagtgttcttaaggagcttataggggttagagatagaactgaacctattagcaataacctacagaaccttattcagcaacaaaatgatgtagagagggttgttaatcagcataaaggacgacaaaggtag
>gene_52115|replication protein
atgtatgcagaaaatattagagaaagcaatgtacactatgacaaaaatactccagtgaacaatgtaagagatgatatatgggtaaatacaaggacaggagaacagattgaagctcgtactgtattgaaagaagttaagcgagagaattttgaaattttatatctctcatatatgtgtgatttattcgataaacttggaggcaaaaaatatcaagtcgtaaaatatatattagcaaataaagattataataatgttgtgctaacatcaacaagagaacttgcaaaaaaatgtaatgtaagtaaacaaaccgtaactgagacattaaagatattaaaaaatatgaatataataacaacaagacttggagctataatgataaatgcgagatttatcaatcatggaagcacgaataaggaaaaatatcttatccagaaattcgaaatatttgataaatga
>gene_8177|Mobilization protein
atgtcagcaaaatcacatgcggtgaacgcgatcggcaaggtcacacaggtcagccgacacaatctccgggaatatgaatccaaggattatgataagagtcagatcgagatcctccgggggtctgatagctcgattttggatgatgtaaaacgaatctatcacgatgagtttgatgagccggtaaaaaggtataacgagggtaagagggcagatcgtcagatcgaggactatctccaacatgtatctgacagccggagtgatgtggcttgtgagtttatcatccaggtcggagataaggacttctgggaaaataagacgatgaatgaaaaaagacagatgacattcatctttaaggatcagctccggtcattggagaagcttgtcccggagttgaaggtggcatctgcggtgatacattatgatgagtcaagcccacacatgcatgtggtcggagtcccggtagcggaagggtataaaaaggggcttgaaaagcaagtagccaaaacaaaggtatttaccaaggagaggttatcgtatcttcaggacaagctccgggaaaatgccgagaagggcatgaaacttcccgaaaaccaaaatctgtttgccgaacatgagctgaagcctaaagaaaaaggcagaaacaaggacattcccaaacatgtcctggaggaatatgagaagaaaaaagcagagatagcaaagcttgatgaaaagatccaaagccggaaggacaagataaaagaattaaacaaagagggaaaaggggtagtcgcagagcttaatcaaaatataacggagctgggaaaaacaaagaaaaagcttgataatgctaacgatgagttgaaggctatcctcgatgaaaaagcaagggcaagtgaaataaaaggatccggactattagcagctctctccggagaagaaacggtatcatatcacaagaatatgctcgaaagcactcggaatataggctcggaagcatggcagcggcacagagatactgtagaaaagttggatgcaattgtagatcgtgaagaagctgtaaagaaaaaagaagcggaaataaatccgctatgggaggacgctgataaagctaaaaaacagtatgaatacctacaaagatcccaggaaaggcttattgaggagagggcaaaggttttgtcacagaggcgaatagatgccttcaaaagaaaggtgcttaattttcttgatagagtagctccgtccataaagacacttttggaagagtttctgaagaaagaggatagggatataagccgatag
>gene_57566|RepB
atgaatggtaacaatatgacaatcaaacaagtggcggacagcttgaacgtcagcaagacggctgttcggaactatatggacgaggattttcgcgaaaagtacaccacaaaggacgacaaaggggttatcactattactcccgaagggtgcaaactactttccgaaaacataggaaagcaggcagaaaacaccgaaaagcagttctcagaaaccgaacttgtcactattccgaggtctgtccttaccatgatggagaggcagatcgagcagctacaggaggagttgtccaaagaacggcagcatagtcgtgagctaaccgacaagattgcccaaatcgccgatcaggctcaacaccttcaggccggaacaatgcaacctttgctttcagatgcttctgaaaagccttcaactcgaaaaaagtggagcttgaacccttttaacttcaaaaagtga
>gene_41987|Replication protein repB
atgactactgacccaaagcacaaaagtaatattttcggtctaattattaacggacaaaaagaaaactctaacccttgcgaagaattagagcaaatacagaagaaattgctagaacaattcccgtttgttgctaccattatacacgataaggacataaccgacaacggagaaactaaaagaacacacctacacgcgtatatagaactaccacaaaaaagcacaattaaagggctattagaggaacttacaaacctacttggaataagagccgagcaaataagcattgacccaactaataacgagtatttgttgattcaatacttaacgcacaaaaaccaaccaagcaagacacaatacaactttgaaaacataaagacaaacgacaccgaaaaactcggctttttctacaataaaacatacacgagtaaagaagaagaagaacgacttatt
>gene_26471|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
gacgataacggagagccgaaaaaaccgcactggcacgtaatcttctcttttgacggtctcaagtctttcgaccaagtcaaggagatcgcggatttcgtctgctctccgattccaaaacggattgaatctatccgtggcgcagtccgctatctgtgccaccttgacagcaaggaaaaacacaagtacagcgtttcggacgtggagtgttgttgcggtttcgatatgaccgtagtcgatgttgctacaggcgagagcaaatacgacgtactgcgccaaatggctcggtattgcgtggagaatgatgttacagagtacgaggatttattcgtgtatgccatggagaacgaacccgaatggttcaaagccctcgcggattcgtgcacgtacgccatgagcgcgctattgaagtcccggagacatagaaaggagcgtgccgacaatgcggagagttaa
>gene_6433|Replication protein B
atggtaaccattagacaactagctgatgaaataggagtttcaaaaacagcagtatcaaagaagatagacaaacttggtttgcgcaaacagttggtgcttgagaacaaacaatggtttatacccgatgatgtggcaaccacactaaaagaagcctttgatgcaaaccacaaatcgcaaacagttagtaccaaccaatcacaaacagttgatacgttagtttgcaccttacaagagcaaatcaagcagaaagacgaacagataaaagctcaaaatgagcaaatacaggctcttatagttgcaattgatcaggcgcaaaagctgcagggcattgcagagcaaaaattgaaggctatcgaagataaacaatcatcccagccggcaccaaaaagatggtggccgtttgggcgaaaagagaaaaccgaagatgaagctaaccaggcgccttttgaataa
>gene_20478|Plasmid mobilization system relaxase
atggcaatctaccattgctcaataaaaaatatcggaagaagcagcggacgatccgctgttgcttctgctgcatatcgtgccggtgagaaactcaccgatcacgaaacgggcatagtccaagactatacccgtaaaggtggcgtgatctactccgagataatgctgccggatcatgcgcctatcgagttcaaagatcgtgagactttgtggaactccgtacaagagatagaaaaaagcagcaatgcaagactggcaagagaggtcgaggttgcactcccgatcgaactatcgagggagctgcagatcgaagtgctgcactcttatatcaagagtaattttgttgatgagggcatgtgtgctgattttgcgatccacgacaaaggagacggaaacccacacgctcatattatgctgaccactcgcccaatcaagaacaacggagagtggggcagtaaagagaaaaaggcttatgctcttgatgagaacggagagaaaataccggttgttgataaaaaaacagggcagcaaaaaattgagaaaaagacgggtcgaaaggtatggcagcgtgagacagtcgaagccaatgactggaacaagcgagagaaagtagagctgtggcgagaagcctgggcgaaagagtgcaaccgttttttagaaaaggagctgcagatcgatcaccgctcttatgagagacagggcatcgagaaagaggcaacaatccatgagggatatgcagctcgtgaaatcgaaaagagagggaagatctccgagcggtgtgagcttaatcgatctatccgtcagagtaacaacctgctcgaccggatcaaggcggagctgtccaaggtcaaggaacagctgcaagcacttttcacggaaaaaggaaaaatcaatatcgagacggttacctcttatgaagttgcagcggagcttagtagagcttatgcggagaagtataaccttgaaagggagtacagaggcattgatgaagaacacaacgctgtcaaaacaaagctctacacaaagatagtgcctgagctgaaaggattgcctattgacagcatggaagatgtttggagtattcgattcttcgaagctcgtaaagataagtttaatctttggaaagaggctccggagaaaaagctgatattcggcaaaaccaagcacgatctcatggctgatccggagatagaagaagcggttacaatctatcacagttttaatgataatgtgccagcttcggaagtagcggacagatttgaggggctgtatcaagagcagcaaaagctcgatacagagctgaaagagcttaacagtcagatgatggatataaataaccgcttaaattcgatttcagagaagatagaccgccttaatgagcaattcctcatttacccggataaaatcgctgaaaacggaaatatgaagctcgtagcgatagattatattgactacttcccaagagattggactccagaagaaattgtgcattatgcctttgatcgagatatggcgtatgacggagattttgagaacaaggagagatatatcgagcattgtaaacaatatgcccctacaccggaaaatgaagctcgtagagctaaagaaagagccgagcgagagaaagaacgagatgctgcggaaaaggctgcaagggagaaagccaacagacagccggacattagagaggttttagacaatcaaggtctccgaaagtttgccgaggacgggcataaaaagcatgataaggatgacgagctagaacgtaaaactctaaagaagcagcgtgatcgggggtgggatttggatttgtaa
>gene_52938|Protein rep
ttgcgcaaggcgcaggaaaagaagcaacgtgtcgaaacagccgcatacttcgcgggtttccatctatcggacattggaaaacaccgtatggaaacgtgcggagattggctttggatgctggagaatgacgcgggggacaaacgcaagttggagcgtggcttcttctgtcattcgcgctggtgtccggcgtgttcgtggcgatacggcgcggcatggggtcgtatcctcatggcggtagacaggtatctgtgcgaggagcagcagcttgtgccgatcttcgtcacgctgaccgtgccgaatgtcgaagcggacaagctgcgggacacgataggacacatggcggagtcatggcataatttgatacgtcacaaggcttttcgtgcatggggcagctttgtgcgaaaaaccgaggtcacatacaacgcgaaagccaatacataccacccgcat
>gene_32935|Mob
atgctacactttgccaggcgaaagggggctgacatgggacatgttgcaagttttactgcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaagtactgtttggcgtttgccgataacatagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgaattttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgagaaaattgaaaaggctctcatgttggatgcaaaagacctgaagaaagcccccaaggattacctg
>gene_34719|Putative mobilization protein
atgctacactttgccaggcgaaagggggctgacatgggacatgttgcaagttttactgcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaagtactgtttggcgtttgccgataacatagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgaattttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgag
>gene_36572|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctacactttgccaggcgaaagggggctgacatgggacatgttgcaagttttactgcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaagtactgtttggcgtttgccgataacatagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgaattttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgagaaaattgaaaaggctctcatgttggatgcaaaagacctgaagaaagcccccaaggattacctggagcaagcccgtaagttatcaaagggttttaggctgatgaaagagacaaaggaactggataagaaaaaaaaggaactcggtatcagtctaaaaaactgtgaggatgttcgccagcagtacgaaaaaaaactgtcccaggttataacgagagaaaaagccatagccgaaaaagaaaatgagttttatcccaggttaagcaattacaaggaactggaaaagaaataccgagatgtcaaggaagaactatcagacaccaaagcccagttagcccatacgctgacttttgaacaggtaaagaacatccaggacaatgagaagtattacaggacacattcc
>gene_35148|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctacactttgccaggcgaaagggggctgacatgggacatgttgcaagttttactgcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaagtactgtttggcgtttgccgataacatagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgaattttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgagaaaattgaaaaggctctcatgttggatgcaaaagacctgaagaaagcccccaaggattacctggagcaagcccgtaagttatcaaagggttttaggctgatgaaagagacaaaggaactggataagaaaaaaaaggaactcggtatcagtctaaaaaactgtgaggatgttcgccagcagtacgaaaaaaaactgtcccaggttataacgagagaaaaagccatagccgaaaaagaaaatgagttttatcccaggttaagcaattacaaggaactggaaaagaaataccgagatgtcaaggaagaactatcagacaccaaagcccagttagcccatacgctgacttttgaacaggtaaagaacatccaggacaatgagaagtattacaggacacattccgagtatcttcaaggcgaactggatgacatggcttatacggtctatcggttcgttggtggactaccacagaacgccatagacgacatcaactacaacatccaaaaatcaaagtttggtaatgacttcattaaggcttataaccaaggcaaagaaatcagtaagagccgagataccgtacctcatcagaaaagccatgacatcaacaagggcatggagcggtaa
>gene_36021|Mob protein
atgctacactttgccaggcgaaagggggctgacatgggacatgttgcaagttttactgcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaaggactggttggcgtttgccgataacagagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgaattttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgagaaaattgaaaaggctctcatgttggatgcaaaagacctgaagaaagcccccaaggattacctggagcaagcccgtaagttatcaaagggttttaggctgatgaaagagacaaaggaactggataagaaaaaaaaggaactcggtatcagtctaaaaaactgtgaggatgttcgccagcagtacgaaaaaaaactgtcccaggttataacgagagaaaaagccatagccgaaaaagaaaatgagttttatcccaggttaagcaattacaaggaactggaaaagaaataccgagatgtcaaggaagaactatcagacaccaaagcccagttagcccatacgctgacttttgaacaggtaaagaacatccaggacaatgagaagtattacaggacacattccgagtatcttcaaggcgaactggatgacatggcttatacggtctatcggttcgttggtggactaccacagaacgccatagacgacatcaactacaacatccaaaaatcaaagtttggtaatgacttcattaaggcttataaccaaggcaaagaaatcagtaagagccgagataccgtacctcatcag
>gene_47915|Putative mobilization protein
gcgggagcaacaggacaacttcgggcacacatagacagaaccaggggcgaccgagaaaagtacggtaacgagaacatagacccaaagaagtcacacctcaactttcatccgtttccgaacttcgtgcacggtgatgaagccataaagtactgtttggcgtttgccgataacatagggcagaaaagaaagaaaaccgataacatcatgacatcggttatctttcatttgcccgaaagatacctgggcaaacctaaagcctggcaggacgagttttttaatcgtgtgcacttgtttctgtctaaacagtttcaggtaaattttgagggcggaaaaatgaataatatcatcacaagcacggtgcactatgatgagacaactccacacatccactttgcttttgtcccagtagtaagtaagagttttgaaaggaagtacaaagaccgtaacggcgaggaaaggacaacagaagtaagaggcggttcaatatcctctcgctatgttgcgacaaaactcgttttacagcgacttcatcccgaactagataaatacctatccaaagaactaaagggctacaatgggggaattttgcttgataaggatgagaaaattgaaaaggctctcatgttggatgcaaaagacctgaagaaagcccccaaggattacctggagcaagcccgtaagttatcaaagggttttaggctgatgaaagagacaaaggaactggataagaaaaaaaaggaactcggtatcagtctaaaaaactgtgaggatgttcgccagcagtacgaaaaaaaactgtcccaggttataacgagagaaaaagccatagccgaaaaagaaaatgagttttatcccaggttaagcaattacaaggaactggaaaagaaataccgagatgtcaaggaagaactatcagacaccaaagcccagttagcccatacgctgacttttgaacaggtaaagaacatccaggacaatgagaagtattacaggacacattccgagtatcttcaaggcgaactggatgacatggcttatacggtctatcggttcgttggtggactaccacagaacgccatagacgacatcaactacaacatccaaaaatcaaagtttggtaatgacttcattaaggcttataaccaaggcaaagaaatcagtaagagccgagataccgtacctcatcagaaaagccatgacatcaacaagggcatggagcggtaa
>gene_54951|Rep protein
atgcgaaaagttctgaaaattgaaaagcccgcccttgacggggcggcatggacaaaagtgactgtctgcggaaacgtcattgaagtcctcagcatggagaaatatccgcaaggttgctgttgcaaaaagcttgatgcagaccactacatgaacctgttcagcggtgaagtgctggaatactcccatgcggacacaaaagccgactgcaccgacagtgtgcgaaaaacgatgaaacgaatcagaaacaccattaacgcgaacgtcacagaccctgcatgttgcaagttcgtcactctgacttatgccgagaatatgacggacactgtgcgtctgtataaggactacgaaaaattctggaagaagatgttgcgctactgctcgcgcaaggggattcctgctccgaagtacatcactgtcatcgagccgcaaggtcgaggagcttggcac
>gene_6426|Plasmid replication protein
atgaagacaactaaaaaacaaaaatttgttggttacaaagaacttgtagaccctaccacaggtgaaacatatccaatgcagatgaacattcttgaagagcgtgattttaactttcacaaggtttggatgcagcatcttgttaattcattggacgctatcagcaaccaaaagttaagacttgctttttggattatagacaacctcgacaaagaaaatcagctaattatgactcaaagagccattgctgaagcttcaggaatgagccttgatacagttagcaagacaataaaagccttatgtgaagctccggaaggaagtccggcatttctgcagaaaataaattccggtgcttatagagtaaacccggaagtgttgtttaagggttctcactctaacagaatgggcatttgctacgagtacagaaccacagaccaacagaataatgcttaa
>gene_20063|Plasmid replication protein
atgaagacaactaaaaaacaaaaatttgttggttacaaagaacttgtagaccctaccacaggtgaaacatatccaatgcagatgaacattcttgaagagcgtgattttaactttcacaaggtttggatgcagcatcttgttaattcattggacgctatcagcaaccaaaagttaagacttgctttttggattatagacaacctcgacaaagaaaatcagctaattatgactcaaagagccattgctgaagcttcaggaatgagccttgatacagttagcaagacaataaaagccttatgtgaagctccggaaggaagtccggcatttctgcagaaaataaattccggtgcttatagagtaaacccggaagtgttgtttaagggttctcactctaacagaatgggcatttgctacgagtacagaaccacagaccaacagaataatgcttaa
>gene_26077|replication protein
ttgtatcagggcaaagaagcttatgttcaggtagatcttgagaagctctctaaaacgggcgaaattgagcttgtaggcgatccttttgttgccgatgcaagtttaaccaaggtcgatagaaacggttttgagattacatatctggcttatctgtttgatgtttttgaccagcttggcggtcaaaaatacaaggtgtttaagtacatagtcgagaacaaatcgagcgagaacaccctcatcataacaaaccgagaacttgctcggaaatgtaacgtcggtatcaataccgtggttgaagccttaaagctccttaaggagaaaggcttgattgcaaccagaaccggtgctataatgcttctaccaaagattgcccatcgcggaaagaagggcagagagcaattcttgatgcacaagttcgaggagttcggatccgagaactccgaaggataa
>gene_13883|replication protein
ttgtatcaggggaaagaagcttatgttcaggtagatcttgagaagctctctaaaacgggcgaaattgagcttgtaggcgatccttttgttgccgatgcaagtttaaccaaggtcgatagaaacggttttgagattacatatctggcttatctgtttgatgtttttgaccagcttggcggtcaaaaatacaaggtgtttaagtacatagtcgagaacaaatcgagcgagaacaccctcatcataacaaaccgagaacttgctcggaaatgtaacgtcggtatcaataccgtggttgaagccttaaagctccttaaggagaaaggcttgattgcaaccagaaccggtgctataatgcttctaccaaagattgcccatcgcggaaagaagggcagagagcaattcttgatgcacaagttcgaggagttcggatccgagaactccgaaggataa
>gene_16902|replication protein
ttgtatcagggcaaagaagcttatgttcaggtagatcttgagaagctctctaaaacgggcgaaattgagcttgtaggcgatccttttgttgccgatgcaagtttaaccaaggtcgatagaaacggttttgagattacatatctggcttatctgtttgatgtttttgaccagcttggcggtcaaaaatacaaggtgtttaagtacatagtcgagaacaaatcgagcgagaacaccctcatcataacaaaccgagaacttgctcggaaatgtaacgtcggtatcaataccgtggttgaagccttaaagctccttaaggagaaaggcttgattgcaaccagaaccggtgctataatgcttctaccaaagattgcccatcgcggaaagaagggcagagagcaattcttgatgcacaagttcgaggagttcggatccgagaactccgaaggataa
>gene_55458|Protein rep
tacaatgcaaaccaagacacattccaccctcatatacatttattagtagcggtagacaaagattattttactaatgcgacaaaatatatatcacaagaactattaactgaactttggaaggattgcttaaatgttggatacgacccagtagtgcatattgaaactgttgacgatacggaaaaagcacaactcgaaacgcttaaatatgccttaaaaccttcgcaaaatgataaagcattaaaaacatttttatacatactaaaaggtagaagacttatatcattctcgggcatatttgcaaaaattcgaaaagatttaatgctaactgactttgaagataatttacttgatgatgtacaaaaagaaggcaaaaaagtatattatgatttatatcggcttgacagcaccggcggtatatataaattttacgaaaggtatgaattagaatga
>gene_57208|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgacttttgacgaagtctacaagaaatatttagaatatgctagaaacaggcataaaaaacaaggtttcattataattacgcaaaactttaataatcatatattgccgtatttcagtggcaagaacgttaataaactaacaaaactagatataatgaattggcaagacgctatattatctaaagattttagtaataaatataactcaatgttatattctaattttaaagtttttattgattattgtatgttacttgattatttagaagataatatagtttcacaagttggatctttcagaaaaaaaatagaatataaagaaagacgtgtatataatatttggcaatttcgttggtttagattgcatatggaaaattttgttataaaacaatattttaattttatgtatttttacggaactagaccaagcgaagcaatggctttaaga
>gene_26276|Mobilization protein
atgttgacgctattgtttttatctgttgaggctttaagtggtccgccttatgcagttatgaggctcaagaaaataaaaagtattagagcaggcaacaaaagcaaggagcataatgctcgcattactccttgtgtaaatattgaccccaatattgaaaatttgagggttaagtgtttcgatgaaacactcggagaccttaccgacaaaacatttaaggagatatttgacgagcgtacaaaagggcaaaccattagaaaaaatgcagtttatgccattgaggtagtaatgacatttacgccaggagccataacagaagaacaactcaaagcctgggcggcaacaagcatgtgctggtttgccgacttatttggaaaagaaaatataattgacgctatcctacatttagatgaaaaaacgcctcatatacacgccaccgcaatcccaata
>gene_38714|Putative replication protein
atgttagttactgaatttttacaaggtcgacatgttaatcgtcaatcggttactagatatatacagagacatgcagcagaatttaaagggcatactcggatgaagggcaaagagcttgatttagatgaggttgcggtgcagcagctcagcgaacaatatcctttagtgcttgatgtggtcgaggacagttatcgagataagtacgaagaaacaatcgagaagctggcggcagcttacgagcaactctcagaggctcaaaagattgtcacagatgcggttgaattcagagttgccacagaacagaaaatgcttgttttggaagataaagcaacaaaagttgacgctctggaagaacgattaaaggctgtggaacgtgaacgtgaccaagcgaaagcagaggttacggagctgcgacgtagaaaattgatagatagaatttttaacagataa
>gene_43550|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggtcgctggaggtggtaaaatgaattgtgaaaaatttacaagaaatcagtcaggaaatatattagtacattgtaatagaagtgatccaaatagaacttataaaaatcaagaaatacatcacgatagaactcattggaattataatcttgcaccaaagcacgaaggtatgacagactacgaatttatgaaaagtaagtgtgaagaatttaaaatattaaaaagaagtaatgtgaattggatggtttcgtgggttataactattcctgcagattacaaaggtagtcaagaaatgttttttaaagaagcctataactttatggaaaacaaatatggaaaagaaaatgttatttctgcttatgttcatttagacgaaacaagtccacacatgcacttttgttttgttccagttgtttttgacacaaaaaaacaagaatataaagtaaatgcaaaagtttgtataaatagaaccgaattattaaaaattcaccctcaaatgcaagaatatctggaaaataaattacaaacaaaagtaaatattttaaatggtacaactgtagaaggaaataaaactgtagaacagttaaaaaaagaagataaaatcaaaaaagtagcaataaaagaattagtaaaaaatcctactgaagaaataaaaactgcagtaatagaacaactatctgaagaacaaaaagaaactattgttgaacaagaaatagaaattgtaaaagaagaactaaagaaagaccctcaatttattcaaatatgtaaaaataaagcaatgtccgaacttgaaaacatagaagaattggaaataaaaatagaaaatctttctacaaaaaaagactatttagaagaaagtatggctgaacttgaaatacaacataagaaacaaagaaaagaacttgcagaagaatacgaaagagaaaaaagaagaaatatagaaagaataagacaaatgcaaaacacaacttatgaagaacaacaaaaaaatccttctttttgggatagtctaaaagaaagaatctcaaaatcaaagtttatatcatcacttataattttcaaaatggaactagataaaaaaatcccaataacacaaattttgtctgacttaaaatattttagtaaaagatacgatttttatatggaaaaacctgaaagagcattagaacaacaagaaatattagaacatggttatggaattactatatatgatcatgaacaagatatttatggaaaaaatctagaaaaagaaattgaagatgattatgaaatggaataa
>gene_18485|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggtcgctggaggtggtaaaatgaattgtgaaaaatttacaagaaatcagtcaggaaatatattagtacattgtaatagaagtgatccaaatagaacttataaaaatcaagaaatacatcacgatagaactcattggaattataatcttgcaccaaagcacgaaggtatgacagactacgaatttatgaaaagtaagtgtgaagaatttaaaatattaaaaagaagtaatgtgaattggatggtttcgtgggttataactattcctgcagattacgaaggtagtcaagaaatgttttttaaagaagcctataactttatggaaaacaaatatggaaaagaaaatgttatttctgcttatgttcatttagacgaaacaagtccacacatgcacttttgttttgttccagttgtttttgacacaaaaaaacaagaatataaagtaaatgcaaaagtttgtataaatagaaccgaattattaaaaattcaccctcaaatgcaagaatatctggaaaataaattacaaacaaaagtaaatattttaaatggtgcaactgtagaaggaaataaaactgtagaacagttaaaaaaagaagataaaatcaaaaaagtagcaataaaagaattagtaaaaaatcctactgaagaaataaaaactgcagtaatagaacaactatctgaagaacaaaaagaaactattgttgaacaagaaatagaaattgtaaaagaagaactaaagaaagaccctcaatttattcaaatatgtaaaaataaagcaatgtccgaacttgaaaacatagaagaattggaaataaaaatagaaaatctttctacaaaaaaagactatttagaagaaagtatggctgaacttgaaatacaacataagaaacaaagaaaagaacttgcagaagaatacgaaagagaaaaaagaagaaatatagaaagaataagacaaatgcaaaacacaacttatgaagaacaacaaaaaaatccttctttttgggatagtctaaaagaaagaatctcaaaatcaaagtttatatcatcacttataattttcaaaatggaactagataaaaaaatcccaataacacaaattttgtctgacttaaaatattttagtaaaagatacgatttttatatggaaaaacctgaaagagcattagaacaacaagaaatattagaacatggttatggaattactatatatgatcatgaacaagatatttatggaaaaaatctagaaaaagaaattgaagatgattatgaaatggaataa
>gene_36712|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggtcgctggaggtggtaaaatgaattgtgaaaaattcacaagaaatcagtcaggaaatatattagtacattgtaatagaagtgatccaaatagaacttataaaaatcaagaaatacatcacgatagaactcattggaattataatcttgcaccaaagcacgaaggtatgacagactacgaatttatgaaaagtaagtgtgaagaatttaaaatattaaaaagaagtaatgtgaattggatggtttcgtgggttataactattcctgcagattacgaaggtagtcaagaaatgttttttaaagaagcctataactttatggaaaacaaatatggaaaagaaaatgttatttctgcttatgttcatttagacgaaacaagtccacacatgcacttttgttttgttccagttgtttttgacacaaaaaaacaagaatataaagtaaatgcaaaagtttgtataaatagaaccgaattattaaaaattcaccctcaaatgcaagaatatctggaaaataaattacaaacaaaagtaaatattttaaatggtgcaactgtagaaggaaataaaactgtagaacagttaaaaaaagaagataaaatcaaaaaagtagcaataaaagaattagtaaaaaatcctactgaagaaataaaaactgcagtaatagaacaactatctgaagaacaaaaagaaactattgttgaacaagaaatagaaattgtaaaagaagaactaaagaaagaccctcaatttattcaaatatgtaaaaataaagcaatgtccgaacttgaaaacatagaagaattggaaataaaaatagaaaatctttctacaaaaaaagactatttagaagaaagtatggctgaacttgaaatacaacataagaaacaaagaaaagaacttgcagaagaatacgaaagagaaaaaagaagaaatatagaaagaataagacaaatgcaaaacacaacttatgaagaacaacaaaaaaatccttctttttgggatagtctaaaagaaagaatctcaaaatcaaagtttatatcatcacttataattttcaaaatggaactagataaaaaaatcccaataacacaaattttgtctgacttaaaatattttagtaaaagatacgatttttatatggaaaaacctgaaagagcattagaacaacaagaaatattagaacatggttatggaattactatatatgatcatgaacaagatatttatggaaaaaatctagaaaaagaaattgaagatgattatgaaatggaataa
>gene_31816|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggtcgctggaggtggtaaaatgaattgtgaaaaatttacaagaaatcagtcaggaaatatattagtacattgtaatagaagtgatccaaatagaacttataaaaatcaagaaatacatcacgatagaactcattggaattataatcttgcaccaaagcacgaaggtatgacagactacgaatttatgaaaagtaagtgtgaagaatttaaaatattaaaaagaagtaatgtgaattggatggtttcgtgggttataactattcctgcagattacgaaggtagtcaagaaatgttttttaaagaagcctataactttatggaaaacaaatatggaaaagaaaatgttatttctgcttatgttcatttagacgaaacaagtccacacatgcacttttgttttgttccagttgtttttgacacaaaaaaacaagaatataaagtaaatgcaaaagtttgtataaatagaaccgaattattaaaaattcaccctcaaatgcaagaatatctggaaaataaattacaaacaaaagtaaatattttaaatggtgcaactgtagaaggaaataaaactgtagaacagttaaaaaaagaagataaaatcaaaaaagtagcaataaaagaattagtaaaaaatcctactgaagaaataaaaactgcagtaatagaacaactatctgaagaacaaaaagaaactattgttgaacaagaaatagaaattgtaaaagaagaactaaagaaagaccctcaatttattcaaatatgtaaaaataaagcaatgtccgaacttgaaaacatagaagaattggaaataaaaatagaaaatctttctacaaaaaaagactatttagaagaaagtatggctgaacttgaaatacaacataagaaacaaagaaaagaacttgcagaagaatacgaaagagaaaaaagaagaaatatagaaagaataagacaaatgcaaaacacaacttatgaagaacaacaaaaaaatccttctttttgggatagtctaaaagaaagaatctcaaaatcaaagtttatatcatcacttataattttcaaaatggaactagataaaaaaatcccaataacacaaattttgtctgacttaaaatattttagtaaaagatacgatttttatatggaaaaacctgaaagagcattagaacaacaagaaatattagaacatggttatggaattactatatatgatcatgaacaagatatttatggaaaaaatctagaaaaagaaattgaagatgattatgaaatggaataa
>gene_18462|Replication protein
gtgaatggtagttattttactgataaagattattatattaagcgtgatagatggcttgatttgtggagagaatccacaaatgattacagtattactcaggtagatgtaagaaaagccaagatgaacgattataaggctgtttacgaacttgccaagtattctgccaaggataatgactatttaatcaacagagaggtgtttacgaccttctacaaggctttaaagggcaagcaggtgcttgtatttggtggggggtttaaagacgctcacaaagcgtatcagaggggcgatttggacaagtataagcagatagaagccatagaatatgcttatatggtcaattataattggattaaaggcaaatataataattctgatattagagaattaaccgaagaagagaaagaaaagtataataaaaatctcattagtgaaaactatatataa
>gene_53354|Replication initiation factor
atgcatttcgactggtatcaggcgacagtgcaagcgtcctcggaagaggtgctctcatggtttcgcagggtgtggccggatggggaggtgaggccgtcgaagcccaagaacggcgcggcattcggggctcaggtcgtcatcggggaaatgcgcgtggcggaatgcatttggggcggcgggatggagggtcacggcgtcaatctgtggtcgtcgggcggcgactcggcgttcttcgcggaagcggtgcgcaggcggtggccggaacatcgtgtcacgcgggcggattctgcggcggatgtgcgcggggagggtgcgtgggagttctggtcagcatgggcgctcgagctggcggacaggttcaagctgaaggtggagcatcaaggcgattggcataggggcaaggatgggcggacgctctatatcggctcaaggtcgtcgccggtg
>gene_18381|RepB protein
atggctaaaacaatgaagcagatcgctgatgagattggaattgataaacagagagtatatagatatatcaagaaaaaccacatcaatgaagcacatcaaaaaaacggtgtgatgtactatagtgaagcggctgaaagacttataaaacaagaattttctgaaaaagaagtgcatcagggaagtgcttcaagtgatgcggttattgatgtgcttttgaagcagtctgaaatgctgaaaaaggagctggaagccaaggacaagcagatagaaagcttacataaatctttggaaaggacaaccgaagcattggcttctgctcaagaaagtctgaaagtagcacagttgcttcaggctaatgcagagcaacgcattaaattattggaacagtcagaagaagcatccacagaggaatctgaaaaaaaaccttggtggaaagtctggaaatga
>gene_40300|Putative replication protein
atgctaattataccaaggtttatacctctttgcaatagcaagataagggaaaagcctatggtacaagcacaaaataagccaaaatttacggctaatcagtcaaatttcatagatattctacaagagcctctaacaaagtattcaggcgttaagtggctacgtattgcagcagatgatagagctgaacataaaacagtacctgttattgcttcagattttgccgaaaatggctcttttggatatccatataatcaaatatccatttcaacattcaaaacgcctaaatcaggcaaaacaagcgatattatcgacataaatgcaataccgatagacatagatttctataaaagcgagttctggaataagacagacccgatgacaatggcgtgtatgataatcgatgaacttgactactataagcctacatacatcgaaatcggtagaggtatcaagcttgtgtatgtactttcagagccgatacacttacagaatactaaaagccttgtaaacgctttttatagagttcagaggtatatcatcaagcagattgagacaatgtatttcaatcctatcccttgcgatatgatgaaaccaacaagctttatcagagtgcctgatacataccataaaggcaaaaagattcaagtatgtgatataggtcttggcgatacatacacaattcaagagctactttcagctatgcctgaacagacagttaaaagaaagtatgtgaagcataaatctgatactgtattttctgcgatgggcgataacgttctgaaagtgcataatcaatatactcttgcaaaagaaatctgtgaaaagcttgaacttgaagccgaaaatcagcattttaacagagaacattatctgcatatttacgctaacttcttacttctgcaagatgaaacagacgttttagaccgtgtttttgccttaaataagcgttttccgtcaatgcttagaccaaatatcgtcaggaataagatacaagctcaaataaggcaaaaaaaggtatataaatacaagtttgaaacaatcaatcaaatgatagggagagaaatctttatgactaagagagaaaagcttaaaagagagaaaatcgcaaacggaactacaagagaacagatagctgaaaagaactatcaaaaggttatcgaatactataaaaaaggtctgaaacaagtagagatttgcgaacttacaaagcttacaaaaggcagagtttctcaaatgataaaacaatataaagctgagagtttagatagtaaactttaa
>gene_6514|RepB protein
atgtcaagcaaagaaaagaagtccgatgtttccgagactcggacacgcacttggacttttgtcctttatgaagatagcgctccggagaactggagacaaatcattgatgaacttcatgttgagtgggtggaaagtccttggcacgataaggatattaatgccaatggtgagccgaaaaagaaacacaagcatatatgcttgcttttcggcggtgttaagtcttatgagcaggtcaaggaacttactgacagtctgagctgtcctatacctcagcgttgtcataatgctcgcgctcttgtgcgttatatggcgcacttagataatccagaaaaggcacaatatgacccctctagtataatcggtcatgggggcgctgatgtcgctgatatgcttcgtccttgctcatctgagcgctattctattattcgtgatatgattgagtat
>gene_30737|Initiator RepB protein
atgccacggagaaagaagcttccccctattccagactacgagggattaaccaaaaatgaagaaaaacggatagttcagaaaagcaatcctttgcagacactttcacaaactcctcttacattgtcggagtttaagatactagacgcttatctgtcgaaaatcgacagccataaccccgacaaacgctatgtcagatttgagaaaggggagcttgaacagctcctaggcgtgacaagaataaaccgctcagacctcgataaaaggcttgataatctgtttgttgctctcaccataaaggacgaacgaaagccaaagaatttcaccaaaatcgccctctttgaaaaagcggaatgcgagcaggacgaggacggcttgtggcaagtagaccttgcctgttccgcttcggcgatggagtatatcttcaatatcgacagcattggatat
>gene_6067|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcatcatattcaaacaacgtaaatatttgtagcggcaagaagggaagttctgccgtggcggcggcggcttatcagagcgctgaaaagttgcgctctgacagggacggcgaaataagaagctacagtcgcgaggaacgtgtgcaagctgatggcataatgaagccggataatgcgccggagtggtgtttagaccgccagcgactctggaacgaagttgagaaggttgaaggaaatcgaggtcagtatgcgcggcggcataaagtagctttaccgcgcgaattgactttggagcaacaagagaagcttttgcgcaaatacatagaaactgaatttgtgagtcgcggcatggttgctgactatgcgatacattgcgacaaaaacggcaataatcctcatgctcacattatgaccactatgcgacctttcaaagaaaatggtgagtgggggcagaagtcaaaaagtgaaattgtccgcgataaaaacggcaaggccgttgtatcaggccgcgacaaaaagggaaaactgcgctataagcaaagaaccattaaaatgacggattgggacaatccggaaactttgcagagccaccgcgacacatgggaaaaactgcaaaacgccgcattggcagaaatcggcagtaatgctcgtgtttctgcaaagtcctacaaagaccgtggaattgaaaaactagcaactattcatttaggcgcggcggcaaccgccatggaaaaacgcggggaaaaatcaatccggggagatataaaccgcgccattgagaagattaataagcaacttgcattgccggacaggctggaagccgtggcaagcaagctggaaggagttttggaaaatgcaagaaacgccgatgttaagaagaatactagccagcgccgccgggggcaacgaaatcgatacttatttagtaacgaccgtgttgccgaatccctgctcgtgcagaacgtgcttgaacgccgcttggatccgccaagggcggagcggcgagaagttgccgacaataaaaatgttttgccaggagctgggcggggtcgtgtggagttcggagccggacaaggccgggaagccgcaggaagccgtaacagactgcgacctttacacggaaattccggacggcgagccggaagaatagaagttgtttcgtgggctaaactatctttggatgagcaaaaggccgtggctgatgtggtgccggttcggcggctgggagtacaacaaaaggaattttgcgataacgtggtttttgcgcgggacaccagcgggggcgtgagattgttgccgctgaacaaaaaaactgcgcagagtgtcggcctgatggggcggcaaacgccgcgaactctagccgccgcgcttaatcgccttgataaaacggcacttgataagtcattagtccggcagactaatgacacctgccgagccgcccgccgcgatagcgggaagggcgggaaagggctgaaagtcgcgaagttcgccggagccgccgccagcggagctaagcaaaccgccagcgccgcaatgttaagcggcacacgcggagccatggcaagcgcattaaatgaaaacaccacgcgtgaacaactgctcaaaaatggcctgcagaacgtgggcgcggtattcaaaacgccgctcaatgtagccaaagacattctgacaaacccgctgactgccattttcaaagcacctttgcgcatagcgcaggcgtttgacaacgcaatgagcgcagttacaaacttttctgccgccacggtcaagccgagccaagcagacaagcaacgtagccggagccgctaa
>gene_1653|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
cggtacaccgcacagaagacaggtaaaaaaggaaccgcggcattgccgcgacatcttgtggaaatgctcacaaagcgttgtgcgaaagcttcagactttgtctttcccggacacggaaagacaggacaccgcacacggcaaaccgtgtggcacgatgtgaaacgagccgcacggctcgcagggatagatgacaagctgattgcaccgcattcagctcgaaagacctttgcagttgagttgatgcaccgccaagggattgaagcagtacaagaagcattacagcacagccgccgagacgtgaccgagatatacgcactgtcagacgttggtggtgttggattggaacgcacaatagctgcagtatttacccgaatgatgccacatttgatagaccgtatcgccgtagccgttgcagatgaaatagaaagaagaatgattttgtga
>gene_14111|Firmicute plasmid replication protein RepL
gatagcccattctctcgttggacacaatacaacaacgagcataccaaggaaatgctttggcttgctttgaagcatccaaaggctcatgctgtgctgctattccttgttgatcagatggaccaatacaatgccgtgatggtatcaaataaggttctgcaggaagtccttggagtaagccgacaaaccatctccgcatcaatcaaagttctgaaagaacacggttttatcgctgtattgaaaagcggaaccagtaatgtctatgcggtcaatgaccgtgtttactggaatagctggggcaacaagaaaaagtacagcaaattccctgccaacgttgttctggcgctttctgagcaggaagaatcctatcagatgaagtttaaggaattatctacggataaactgaaaaatgtcactaaaaagccaggcaagccgaataaagcataa
>gene_33677|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctgcaccctacgcgatcatgcgctgcaagaagctgtcctcgatgggcagcgtcgccgccgcgctcaagcactgctaccgtgagcgcgacacacccaacgcagaccccgacctcacgcccagcaacgagcacgcagccgctgccagcacctcgcaggccatcggccgcatgcgcaccctactgcccgagaaacgccgcaaggacgctgtgctggccgtcgagtacctgatgaccgcatcgcccgagtggtgggacaaggcaagccagaagcagcaggacgagttcttccggcgttcccgccagtggctggccgacaagtacggcgaagatcggatcatcacggccacgatccatcgtgacgagaccagcccgcacctctcggcattcgtcgtgcccttgaccagggacggccgcctgagcgccaaggagttcgtgggcggacgccagaagctgcgcgatgaccagacgtcctacgcggccgccgtgggcaatctgggcctgtctcgcggcatcgagggcagcaaggcccgtcaccagtccatccgggcctattacgccggtctgcagcgccctgtggccaatctgacgctcagcgccgaggacgtggaaccgcgcgtgctgcgcaagggcctcttcaccagcgacgtcgaatccccagaggccatcgcacagcgcctcactgtctccgtgcagcgggcatacgccccagccatcgaacaggcccgccaagcctctcaggagcgcgatagagcgtctcaggcgtggcagacggctgaaacccttctggccaagaaaaaccgcctacaggacgatctggagcgtctcagacgcactgtcgatccagtcctgcgcctgcagtccctcagctacccggccttcaccgacctgttggcgcaggccgcccagcgtgggggcgagatcgtccaggcgagagagcggcaggccgaacgcgaacgggccgcggccctgctcagggagaagcaagcccaggaacaggccgaacgcgagccgatcattcgggagttgctcacgctggcgcgccagcgaaagcaccgcttccacggttaccgagacggcgaattgaagtgggaggcaacgcccgaacccctgaaggagcttgtggagtacctcaacaacttgccggagcacgagcagaagcggcagctggctggcctgagcagagaacgcatgaagggcatcgatggaacgctgcgcatgcgagccggggctatcgagcgcgaacaggacaacggctacagcccggggatgtga
>gene_49284|Putative site-specific recombinase-resolvase
gtgattctgagtctgcggcaagccgccgaactaacaggcaagagcaagtctacgctcacgcgcgccattaagtcaggccgcctttccgcctcgcgcaatgcagaggggatgtatgccatagatcctgccgaactcgctcgcacctatccttttcttggaacgaatgacgcacatcatgatgcgcaccacggtgcaccacgcaacagtgtcatagagccggatgacacgacaatcctgcaactgagactatctctgttgattgacgagcgggatcgggaacgtaccgccgcagaacgcgaacgcgagcagttgactgcgacagtagcagacctgcgcgcgcgcctagatcgggccgaacagcgcatcactgcgctaatcggcaatcatacacccaaaaaaagggtttcctggtggcgatggaccagaaatatcaagcttgattag
>gene_57621|Putative replication protein
atgattttactgaaagattttgctgctacacacaacaagaaaacagatacgctccggaagtacatttcccggcatcaagacgaattttccggacatacaaagcaagggaaaaaggggcttgaaattgacgaggtcgcgcagcagcttctcgaaagtagctttcctcctccagttgaagtaatggcagctccggatgcagagctacagaaaaaaatcatgcagctgcaagaactggttattcagctccaggcgcatcaagccaccttgcaagagaaagccaccctggctgacagcttgcagctcttacttgaagaccggaacgcgcagcttgacgagctgaaagctgaactgaaagaggaacgcgctgctaagcaagaagccaccgagaaggtggagcagcttctccggagaacactttgggaacgtgtccggaacaaggtataa
>gene_6078|rolling circle replication protein Rep63
gtatgctccgcgaagataaggacggaacggggccaggagctgagggcgttggcggattgggtggagtcgttcggcgggtccatcgtcatgatgacgaacaccatcagccaccaacggagcgagcgggccgccgaggttctgcgacggttgaaatatcgcccgaaaaagggcgaacggtgggccgaggttgcaggggcttggccccgattttcgcaatgtgcgtggtatagaggaaagcactacaagcgtaaaaatatgcagaagcacaaccgcgacggcttcatagagctggcgggtctgattggttatgtgacagtcctcgaaacgacctacggatcgaacggctggcatttccataagcatacgctcatgatttgcaaaaggcgttggacggccgaggagctggacaggttccgagacgagggggcgagggcatggcgcgattgcgtggccgccgctggcggtaatgcgacattggcgcatgggttcgacctcatgattatggagaacggggacgcggcggcatacattagcaaggtcgcagacatagattacgagctgacgcatcaggacagcaaaaggagcttggggccgttcgacttgttggacggtaaaacgcttagcgtcatggcccgaaagatggagctgggcatagacgagcaaaaggcgggcgagctcttcaaggactatgcgcgggccataaaggggtcacatttcatggactggtcgccggggttgaagaagaagctccgcgcctggttgcgtgagcaggccgaggaagagaccgccgagaacttggacaggagcgacgaggacatagcgacggcggacgaagcggacgaagcggacgaaatcgcatggcttggcctgggctggtatagggagaatatcgggccgaccaatcccgagaccgcgccgaggtttacggaaatcatggcgcgtcaggacatggacgagctggcgagaatagcgccgaaaacgacaaggataatgagcgtcgagggcaatgatttggtgccgtcgttgcgctggctcgtgtgggatgtgcgcgcagatgttgacggagactttcccgccttgaacggtttcgccgaagatacagacagcgagagagggacagaaaatgaaatatcagataacgagaacggcgggacttcccgaagaacttag
>gene_8850|Initiator RepB protein family
atggatgagctaaaaaagatcaataaaaatgaaaaagtcagggtagttacagcaaatgagctgataacttctgaagatttgactgggctatcattaaatgctcgcaagctattttacattgcagttgcccagtgtaaaaaagaagatagtgagttttatgaatatgaaacaactccaacagaactgtcagaaatgtggggaatagatagatcgaatatctatcgagaagctcgaaaaataacggatgaacttatgaagattttgatacataaggaacatggaaagagctttgaaacctgtcatgtgtttgatacttgcaaatatgatgatgagtcaattctgaaatttaagctccacaaagaaatgacaaatttacttctgggcttaacaagagatttttcgaagccactcgtttgggacttcatgaagatgagaagccca
>gene_16680|Replication-associated protein
acaattaaagagatagcagatgaattgggagtaagcaaaactgcagtcaataagaaaatcgacaaccttggtttgcgaaataagttatcgaaaatcggcaaccagtttacacttaataaaaatcaagaagagcttataaaatcagcttttgagaaaaaagaaacgcaaaccaaaacgaaaactaaaacgcaaaccgaaacggaaacttttcctgccatagtttgcgttttgcaaaaagagttggaacagaaagataagcagataaatgacttgatggaacagttagcaaagacaacagaagctcttcagatggctcaagaaagtgtaaaggttgcacaaatgcttcaggcaaatacggagcagaaacttctggcaattgagcagaagtcagaggaaaatctggaagaaccaaagaagaagtggtggcatttcggaaagtaa
>gene_1602|Type IV secretory system Conjugative DNA transfer
atgaaccaaagagatttagcacaatttatgaaactacttgatagctatacaccgataatatgcggtgttatgctggctctggtggtggtggttttgttcctggataaaataaaagccaggaacaagaagaagctcaaagagctgaaacaagccagaccagacaaggcccacggcattattttcggaaagagaaaaggaaaagtaatatacagccctgcagggaatgagggaagtgtgggagtgttttctgccagcggaactggtaaaacatcagcggtcggcataccaaccctgcgaagctggactggaacgagctacacaatagacatatcgggcgacatctgcaagaactgcccagatatgccccacaagctcatatatgccccagaaagcccctctacaacagcatacaatatatttggggctattgacgattta
>gene_53158|replication protein
atgcaggtcggtgactggatcaggggcgagggtcgaacgctttacatcgggtcaaaggactctgctgtccgcttggtgctgtacgagaagggtttcgagcaaggttgcacccatcgcccatggtgggtacgcctcgaagcgcgcattaggccgaagggtgaggcgagggcggttgcaatgaccttcgatcccatggacgtgttctcctgcgggtggctaaccgatgccctggacgcgctcaacttcgagcacgatctgtcgaagcgggcgatcggcacaatctggcgcaagtcagacacggagcgggctagggctgccctgatcaagcaatacggggcaattctcgcggcatgggccgacgacctagggggctggccagagctaggggtagctctcggggagtccataccgttaagcgagctttacgttaagcccgcttaa
>gene_529|conjugal transfer protein
atgcagatgttttatataccaatacagaaagactttagtaaagtcaaaaataaggtggcctttgggcttaccaaaagacagatgctctgctttgtattagctgcactagtgggcattcctacttaccttctactaaaaagagttgcacctacagatatagcgggagttgtgatgattgttgtcatgcttccgtttttcttatttgcactttatgagaaggatggagaacctctagagacaatacttaagcactggttcagagaaaagtatttaagaccacagattagacctgtagtaaatgagcctgtagtaataggctgtatgcaggttgcagattatatcgaagaacaggaacgcttaagaaaagaagcagaggaaaaatcagtaatgaataaggttaagagaagattatcgaagggaggacagtcaaaggttgattaa
>gene_55447|replication protein
atggcattacaaaaaaagtcaaataatacgatttatcaagggaaagacgtttgggtaaaccaaagaacaggtgaaactatagaagctgatcaagttataagaaaagtacctagaaatggttttgagattacatacctagcatattttatggatttattcgataaattaggcggtaagaagtacgttgttttcaagtatatattgagtcataagagtagtgagaacacactgattataactaatagagaattagctaaagagtgccaagtaggtattaacacagtgactgacacccttaaattactcaaagaagctggtttaattactcagcgaactggagctattatgctacatcctcaattagcacatagaggaagcgaaaaaaaagaagcttacttactccaaagatttgtggaattcggagattcagaagaaagttaa
>gene_35031|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atggctaaaaacttaaatatagagcataaacaagataataaaataattcataaaggaatagagcgttggcaaaatttagaaacaggcgaaataatagaagctacagaagttataaaaaaggtagaacgtaacggatttatgataacttatttatccgcaattattaatttaattgataatttaggcaataaaaaaatgcaagttgtaaagtacatattaaaaaatatggaaaaatcaaataatactttaattataactagtagagaattagcagaaaaaagtggtacttcattacaaacagtaacagaaactttaaaaactttagaagatgctggcatcataaagagaagaacaggagctataatgatacatagtgatttaattcatagaggttctgctaataaagaaaaagcattattaactagatttgaagagttttaa
>gene_45934|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctttcagttacagttttcacatatcagcgaagagccatgcagtgtcaaatctgggtaaggttggacaagttggaaggcataatttaagagcgtatgaagggaaggattacgacagaaatttgatagaaactgttgtcggaagtgatgaccttttgtcggacatggagaaggtctatcatgaggaatttgacgaagctctccagaggtacaatgaaggccgaagagctgaccgccaaattgatgattatatgactcatgtatccgactccagaagtgatgttggtgtcgagataattattcaagtcggtgatgaggagttctggagagataagtctttgttccagaggtccgaaatgagtcaagtctttgaagaacagatagaagctctgcagaagcattgtccaagcttcaaaatagccaatgcaacaattcattacgatgagaagagtcctcacatgcatgtggtcggtgttcctgtggcagaaggttatcagaagggcatggagcgacagtgtgccaagacaaaggtttttaccaaggaaactctatcagagcttcaagatgtgatgagagccgaagtagagcgaagcatggagaagctcccttctctttttgctgaaatggagcttaaagccaaagaaaaaggcagaaataaggacattccgaaggaaagtctatcagagttttatcagcttcaagaaagcatagagagaagcaaaggcgaagtcgagttctggaatgagcaaagcgatttgtacatggaaaaggctatcaatagtcgtgatgaagctgactctctggagcagaagagcttacagttaagagaaagaatagatagtcaagaacagaagcttgctaccaatagcgaagcgttggatcagcaagctgacaagctgaaaaaaggtcgttcagagatagcaaaagtagactctatcacttctgctatggcttctgagcatgatagaaaagtggtcgtaaaagacatgactatcccagaaaaaaggtcttttttaggcagaatagaagaacctgagaaggaaggtctattcgttcagggactctccaaggaagagttcaagggtattgtgcagcatagcagagttggagaagctctggagcgaagctttgagaatacagttaaaagaatagatgatgagaagctgaaggcttcagaacaagctcagaaggtcgaagaacaagccaaggcagaagctcaaagaatagtcgcagaagctcagcaaagggcaaatttagagcttcaacacgctcaaatgcagatagaccaagccaatagaatactagccgatagagagaagctccagaaggagatttcttctcttaatcgtgatagagaagagcttgctccagaagtggagaagctgagaagggcacatagagcctatacagaaggttggagagaccctcaaggaaacattcatcaaggcttaaatgcaataaaagaagagtatagagatacctctgagaagctctcagaagctcgtttagagcttgataagaagcttgaagggttatcctatgacttctctccagaagaggttaaacaaatgctctctgacagtctggtcaagaatttggttcaagaagcttcaatgcagacttgcttacagttggagcaaaaaggtctattaaaatcgtctggttctatggcatttattgaggttgatagggatagaattatcagaccaatgaaagaacaggtcgagaattttatcgataaggtcaaagaccacatgaaagaaatggctgaaaaagttattcaaagaacacatcatagaagtcgctag
>gene_1005|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctttcagttacagttttcacatatcagcgaagagccatgcagtgtcaaatctgggtaaggttggacaagttggaaggcataatttaagagcgtatgaagggaaggattacgacagaaatttgatagaaactgttgtcggaagtgatgaccttttgtcggacatggagaaggtctatcatgaggaatttgacgaagctctccagaggtacaatgaaggccgaagagctgaccgccaaattgatgattatatgactcatgtatccgactccagaagtgatgttggtgtcgagataattattcaagtcggtgatgaggagttctggagagataagtctttgttccagaggtccgaaatgagtcaagtctttgaagaacagatagaagctctgcagaagcattgtccaagcttcaaaatagccaatgcaacaattcattacgatgagaagagtcctcacatgcatgtggtcggtgttcctgtggcagaaggttatcagaagggcatggagcgacagtgtgccaagacaaaggtttttaccaaggaaactctatcagagcttcaagatgtgatgagagccgaagtagagcgaagcatggagaagctcccttctctttttgctgaaatggagcttaaagccaaagaaaaaggcagaaataaggacattccgaaggaaagtctatcagagttttatcagcttcaagaaagcatagagagaagcaaaggcgaagtcgagttctggaatgagcaaagcgatttgtacatggaaaaggctatcaatagtcgtgatgaagctgactctctggagcagaagagcttacagttaagagaaagaatagatagtcaagaacagaagcttgctacc
>gene_41233|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcatttagttacagttttcacatatcagcgaagagccatgcagtgtcaaatctgggtaaggttggacaagttggaaggcataatttaagagcgtatgaagggaaggattacgacagaaatttgatagaaactgttgtcggaagtgatgaccttttgtcggacatggagaaggtctatcatgaggaatttgacgaagctctccagaggtacaatgaaggtcgaagagctgaccgccaaattgatgattatatgactcatgtatccgactccagaagtgatgttggtgtcgagataattattcaagtcggtgatgaggagttctggagagataagtctttgttccagaggtccgaaatgagtcaagtctttgaagaacagatagaagctctgcagaagcattgtccaagcttcaaaatagccaatgcaacaattcattacgatgagaagagtcctcacatgcatgtggttggtgttcctgtggcagaaggttatcagaagggcatggagcgacagtgtgccaagacaaaggtttttaccaaggaaactctatcagagcttcaagatgtgatgagagccgaagtagagcgaagcatggagaagctcccttctctttttgctgaaatggagcttaaaaccaaggaaaaaggcagaaacaaggacattccgaaggaaagtctatcagagttttatcagcttcaagaacgcatagagagaagcaaaggcgaagtcgagttctggaatgagcaaagcgatttgtacatggaaaaggctatcaatagtcgtgatgaagctgactctctggagcagaagagcttacagttaagagaaagaatagatagtcaagaacagaagcttgctaccaatagcgaagcgttggatcagcaagctgacaagctgaaaaaaggtcgttcagagatagcaaaagtagactctatcacttctgcaatggcttctgagaatgatagaaaagtggtc
>gene_19628|recombinase, partial
atgtcctattcgattttgcgattgtcgaaagtcaaaggttcaaataatacaaaagggattcaaaaacattgtcagcgagaaaataaaaattatcaaaatccggatattaattctatgatgactcaatttaattatgatttgattaacgataaacagattaattacaatcaaacaattgatgagaaaattgatgaaaattattcaggaaagcgtaagattcgttcggatgcgattcgacatgtcgatggaattattacaagtgattctgacttttttaaaggacttacacctagagaagaacgccaatttttcaaggacagtttagaatttttaaaagaagaatatggcgaagaaaatatggtctatgcgacggttcatgttgatgaaaaaacaccgcatatgcattttggttttgtacctttgaccgacgatggtcgattatctgcgaaagaaaaattaggtaataaaaaggcaatgacagaacttcaagatagattcaattcattcatcaaggaacaaggctatgatctggagcgtggaatatcaaaatcactgactcaagcagaacataagcaaatggaaacgttgaaaaaagaaaccgattatcatgaaaatcagttgaaagaaatacaagaaaagtataaaaaaattgatagtgagttagatgaattagtttcgaattatcatgagtctgttcagttgttggatgaaaatattgagattgattatgacaatgaaacagaaaaagtgagaaattttatgggccgtgtaactgacgagtttgaaacgggtcgcatagtcatgaataaaactgatttcgacaaaatgaaaaagatggttgagacgggtacacaatctgctaatttgcttgaacgttttcaagaaggtgacatgtatcaagataatcaggaattaaaaaaagaagtcgatagatattcgagtattgtgcagagttggaaatctgcgcatcatgaagagttagataaaaatgacaagttacagaaggaaaatgaagaactgaaatcagaaaatgctatgtggaaagcaaacaattctcaggtggtcgatagtttagcatcactctataaaatagcgagaaagaacttcgaagaatttgaagaaggttttgatgctgtttcaaggaaattatctgagaacgagaaagcaaagcctgtgagcgactttatgttaagtatccaggcaaaagtccatgaagatgacaggaagcacgagaaacggcgttctcgttcagctgatagaggtttagaactgtag
>gene_26148|RepB protein
atgagtaagacgattaagcagctggctgatgagctcggtgtatcgaagactgccatcagaaaatatatgactgaagagttccgggtggcgcatgttcaaaaaaatgccgacaacgttcttgtaatagatttcgatggctgtaaaaagattgcggaaagtgtgcgaaaaccacaagaaactaatagcaaaccgattgcagaaaccaccgaaaacacagttaccactatgcttattgacatgttgcaaaaagaattagatgcaaaaaacaagacaattgaagaactgaccgcagctctgaaagaagctcaatcaaatatcaaacaagctcaagcgctacatgctggaacgatgggaaagaaaatgcttgaagctccaaggaaaagttttttggagaaaataggctttaagaagaaaggtgaagaaccttatgaagcttaa
>gene_30351|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
gtgaaaagcagatttttagacttgcccgaggtcaaggcgcttcgcggagcgctagcaatcgacgagtggcttccgctctgggtgagctatgaaacagggcttcgtgtcggcgacgtggtgaggctgaagccgacgaacgtaaagaccgacggcatacattacagagcagagaaaacgggcaagtacggtgtcgcgcagataagcgccgagcttcgaaaacacctgcggcgtagcggcaagtggctttttccttcgccctacaaggcagggaagcacatcacccgtcaatgcgtatgggcgagggtgaaaagagccgcagagcgagcaggggtcgagagcgagggaacgtcgccgcactcgcttcgtaaagtctttgccgtcgagctttatcgtgagaaggggtttgcggctgttagagaagcgctacaacacgca
>gene_55420|Mobilisation protein MobA
atgacacatcacaacgggagaacgcgggcagatggcagcgcattttccacaaaacacaatgaccgaaacggctttactgctgaccacatcaaccccaatccggaacacaataatttttaccgcgtcatcaatcctactacacaaaagccgcaaaagctgggtgaggacggcaagccgaaaaagagctttgacgagcacgaaagagattgctacgaagaactattcggtgaatcccttgctgcccaaaatgaccgctacacaaaaagcggtcacgcagaacgctgcaaaaccatcgacgaataccgcaaaagtgcccgcacctgcccggaagaaacaatcattcagcttggaaaccgcagcggcacagtcagccctgaaactgtgcagatgttcctttcacagtacctttccgaaatgcgagccaagtttggagac
>gene_954|RepA
atgatccgaagcatcaacgagcacaccggcgaaatcttggacggcgtggccgtctgggtggggccgaaggttcgcagtccatacggaaggagttggttcatgcaatcgcaggaggcaatgctggcgctagcgcaggacaaggaactggcgggcaggccaacccgcgtccttctgtacctgctggccagactggattttgagaatttcattcacgtcccccaggtcgacatagcgcaagcgctcgagctgcggccctcgaacgtgagcgccgccgtccgagtgttggaggacaaagggatcctgatccgcgggccgagggtcggccggtcgttcggctggcgcttgaaccccaacttcggttggaaaggcaaggtgaggcacctacgggccgtgcaggaggctccgaaggctcaaccccgagcagaggcaacaacgtga
>gene_16087|RepA
gccagactggattttgagaatttcattcacgtcccccaggtcgacatagcgcaagcgctcgagctgcggccctcgaacgtgagcgccgccgtccgagtgttggaggacaaagggatcctgatccgcgggccgagggtcggccggtcgttcggctggcgcttgaaccccaacttcggttggaaaggcaaggtgaggcacctacgggccgtgcaggaggctccgaaggctcaaccccgagcagaggcaacaacgtga
>gene_807|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaggcgagtatttccgtctgcaaaggtaaaggctcaatgaaccacaacaaccgtgaatttataactgagaacgtggacaaggatagaataaaggacaacatcacatacaagagagagagccttgaggaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccgttgcagattacaacgcaaagcagaaaagagccgatagacggatagatggggcaaaaggctacatggaacagttacgcaattccaagaatggcgaaaagctcttttatgaaaacgtggtacaagtcggcaatatgtttgatagccacgttggaacggaacaaggggaaatctgcaagcagatacttgatgattacatgaaaggatttgaggaacgaaatcctaacttgtatgtattcaatgcggtgcttcatttagatgagcagacaccacac
>gene_30761|Replication protein
atgtggcgcaaggcttacaaggacgattccatcacgcaggttgacattcggaaagccaaatcgaaagacgcataccaaaaagccggagctcaagaagcaatcaatatgctttcttctgccgttgctgaaattgcgaagtatgctgtcaaggataccgactacatccacgaattcgacccggctctcacggatgaaatcgtgacaacccttgccggagctcttgcccggcgcaggctcaccgcatacggcggttgcttcgatgatgctttccagaagctgaagcttgacgatgccgaagacggcgacctcgtccatatcaatgacgaaaccatcaaccccgctcttgctctcctcatagtcaaatacggatggacagccggagcttacaagatgaccggctcttacatccacgagcccggagaaaaggagacagtatga
>gene_29239|DNA replication protein
atggaacagttagtggataaagtcacggccatcagagcctgtgcaaaacgactccgtctgagttgtcttatgaccaacgttacggaagttctaatgctcgcccaaaaggagtctcccagttatgacgacctcttgctgacagtccttgaagcagaagtcaaaagccgagaggaaaagcaactgctacagcgtatgaaggcggcacgcctgcctctgtcccatgatctggacaaatacgacttcagtaatcccaatggcttgaccccaacccagctgaatcagctcagggagctgcattgggtggaagaaggctacaaccttatgctggcaggtccctgcggagtaggtaagacctatactgcagccggtctgttggcggacgctatcaagaagggttacaagggctacttccgtagcgtcgatgagatattgaac
>gene_22087|Replication protein
atggcgggggaaatagtgaagtataacaactatatgaaccaattgcagtttaaagatttcacacaaacagactttgactttcttatggcgatttgctcgcgtatgcgggatctggacgaaacgaaacagacctttgattttgattttctaatggatctagtaaagtgggacaaaagccaaaacgtgacacttttccatgacaatctaaaacgtatgaacgaaaaactccttaaagtcagtgccacagttgatgttaacgaagacgaatttgtttctttttcgctctttatcacattccgtgttaacaagaaaaaacggatccttacggtatcggtaaatccagaatttaagcatatcctaaatgcaataaccgcaaacttcaccagatttgaactaaaagaatatattggcatagacggtagatatgctaaacag
>gene_35017|conjugal transfer protein
atggctttatataggttagaaatgcagaacgtaagccgtgcaaatggtgtcagctcagttgcaaaggcggcttatcgtcatcgttccgtcatgatagatgaacgaacgggagaaatacacggcgagaaatcagctaaccgtgacgatctggtttatgctgaaatattagcaccaaaaggcacgccggattttcttactaaatcgagcaatgatctatggaactttgtcgaaaaaacagagaagagaaaagacgcaagaacagcaaaagaatttaaaataactttgccttgtgaacttaccaatgaacaaaatataaaactattgaaagaatacttaacaaaaaactttgttagtaaaggcatcatttgcgactttgttatacataacgacaaagacaataaaaacccgcacgctcatgtgatgattacgacaaga
>gene_4932|Mobilization protein
atgtacactcgtatcacacccgccaaaaatggcaaaggttcaatagaatacgctctcggtatagatggcaagggtcataacgggcatgaattcagaaatttgctgatcggaacggttaatatgttcgatgataatgtcatgtcttatgcagatcagatggctatgtattggtgtaaagcatctgatcagcatgaaattcagactcgtcgaattattgctgcaccgtcttctgtagaaggttcgactaatgatccaaacgatgttttgcggttaatggaaacttgtcaggaatttattcagactcattaccctgaccgtcaagcacttatttgtctacaggatgatggtgcttcaggatatcttcatgcacatatgatagttaatgattgtgacatgatctctggaaagggatgtagttcggagcagcaaaagtattggtttgttcagaaaaatttcgatgagattgccgagaagtattacggtaaacttgatcatggtgagaataagacttacgaccgtaaatctcagtttcaacgtgctgcatcagaaggtaaaactgataaactgtcgtggatggatgaccttcaggatggggtattgaatgcgatgcaggttgctgtcaattggcaggattttcacgatcgacttgaagatgtaggtgtatcggctgtctatcatgaaaataaaagcggcaacagttatatcacatatgaacttactgattgtgatcagtaccgggatgaagatggtaatcttcccggtaaacgtaagtggcttcgatccaagcatcataaattattcaagggtacggaatatgagactcttgaaagtttagaagctgtgctcaaacagaaccataatgagattatggctcagtacggtttggtcggcgtggatgaacctgaatatgaggttgaagaacctgaagatagtgatgatattcctgttgaaacaacagaagatactacacaaaaaccgttatattcaaatttatttgaattatctgcagcaattgcggatcaggaacttgatatgtctgatatttctgatgaagaactgtcagagattgataaagagcctattcttgatgaattcgatgatttggctgtcgaacagcaggatgagatgtctgatgaaaaaaagaggcttttggtcagtaataatgagtatattcagagaatattggctgaaggacagcgacttgctgcggagttggacgctgatgatatcaagaatacggttaataagatgttgaatgagaacaaggagtga
>gene_56255|Replication protein B
atggctaaaacgcaaaaacaaattgcagatatgctcggtgttgataaacaaaaggtataccgttatatcaaaaaaaatcacattaaagaagcatatcaggaaaacggaagattatattatgatgaaacggcagaaaaggccataattcatggtttgtcaaaaaaaactacctcaagcaattcttttcaaagtggatcacttgaggtagttattgacgtactaaaaaatgagcttgaggcgaagaatcagcagatcaacgctctaaatgatagaatagcagacctgacaaaggctctgaccattgctcaggagacggcgcaggccgctcaagctctgcacgcaggtactattcaacaacaactcgaagagggttcttctgaacagaaagaaaaaagagggttcttcagcaggtggagaaagaaaaaggatgaagtctga
>gene_13850|Putative replication protein
gagtttatcagagtgcagaatgaactgatagcgaaccaaaagttggtaagtgaattgcagaaccgtctgctagaggctcaagaacagatagccaccgccaaagcaacagagttgctattggaagataaaaaacaacgcatatcagaccttgaggcaaaaacagaatcattacaagaagagttaaatgcagaacgctcaaagagttggattcagaaattacttgggaaataa
>gene_35064|replication protein RepB
atgacaaggaagtatattaaatctcgttactttgattttcttttgtatccagatagtatgccgaataattggcaagcatgtttggaaaaattagggttgccaatggcggtcagtcctttacatgattgtgatgaaaaaaaggatagcaaaacttgggatgataataacgatttaattattaatggcaagcattataaaaaaccgcattatcatgttttgtatattgctaagaaccctgtcacagttgaaagtgttaggaataaaattaagcgttctttgggtgttaaggcggtatctcatattgagattactgatagtgttgaacattattttttgtatttaacacat
>gene_871|replication protein RepB
atgacagaaactgaaaaattgcaggctgaacttgcaaaagcttcagccaacaaaaaggcgaggtactggactgtagtaatgtaccccgaaaatatgaagccgaattggaaagaggatattggcgaactgctgcaacgcccgtatgcttattgtgttcatgatggcgataaggacggcaaagatgatgaacgtaaagagcacgtacacattattatagtgttctcgaatacgactacttataagaacgttatgtccgtattctccgccttgaatgctgacggaaagaaggcatttaatactgtgcaagtagtttctaatattcgctatatgtacgactacttgattcacgatacagaagattccaaaaagaaaaagaaaaagttatacgataagtctgaacgtgttacaggcaacaatttcgatatcggtaac
>gene_43480|recombinase, partial
atgtgctatactttacccactcacggtgaggaatttaagaggggcggtaaagaagaaatgagtttctgtgcagtacacatgatgaagatgcagtcctccgctttgggtggtgtcgagagccacaatcagcgagaacatgaatcgagaaagaacaaggacattgactacgaaaagagcaagtacaactatgacacggttaatccccaaccgattaactaccaaagagcggtaaagggaagagtggcagatttacatctgccgaaagccgtccgtaaggatgcggttgttctatgctcctttatcgtatcgtccgaccaaggctttttctctcggctcggttttgcaaattaccaaaagcagaatccgagttccgactatctggagttcgtaaatctcccccaagagattcaggacgagcatatccgaaaaggc
>gene_20164|Rep protein
atgagtgcgggcgtcaaggtgtccgtgcagggcaacgtggtagaggtcacgtggattgactgcaagaacacgacctgtcacgcgataaagctagacggggaacactggatagacccagagacgggcgagattcacgagtacgagaagcacagcgacaagcggacggacaacacgcaggagctgctaaagacgttcgccacgattagggctctcgtcaacacgaactgcaaagaccccaagaaaatacgctggataacgctaacctacgcggagaacatgacggatacggaacgactttacaaggatttcgtgcagttctggaagcgtttcaagcgtcgttggggcaaggcggaatacatcagcgtgatagagccacaagggcgcggagcttggcacgtgcacctgatagcgatatggcaaggcaaagcg
>gene_50984|RepB
atgaagacgatcaaggaagttgccgacgccttaggtgtcagcaagacggcgatccgcaactacatggatgctgagtttcgggcgaagcacaccgaaaagaacgacaaaggggttatcactatcacccccgaaggttgcaaactgctttccgaaaacataggaaagcaagccgaaaacaccggaaagcagttttcagaaactgcacttatcactatcccgaggtctgtgatgacccttctggaagagcagattcgagagaaggatgagcagctacggcagaaagacaagcagatcgaggatctcaccgaagctctcaaggcacaagcgcagagcatcaatgccgaccggcataacgctctcgcagggacgctgcagccgcagctctccgatggccgcaggcgattccgctggttctggcagaaaggagactga
>gene_4152|recombinase
atgagcaaatcttgtacaatatcagcttcaaaagagcctgatgtaaacctcggacacaactaccgagaattcggatctaagaactggccttctcatatcgaccaagcaagaactgagatgaacgtggaatatacccaccttaatctcggggaagtttacgacgaccttttctccgaatccgtaaaaaagcacgatgccgagcagacacgaaaagacagaaaactcggctccgcatcagcatacctggataaggtaacaagatccaagcaacaatcaccagtatatgaacacattctccaattcggtgatatgttctctcatggctggacaggacaaaaaacaccagaatgggaagaagcttctgctatgctcgacgaggttgccgaaaagttaaaggatcgctatccgcagcttaaaacggtttgcctagtaaagcatctggacgaagcaacccctcacctacactggtcgtatgtaccctatgcaacagactatgcaaaaggcatgcccgtccgcgtaggtttggataaatccatgttgcagatgggattcaaagcaaccgaacattataagacaccatcagaagcatggctcgatgatgttagaaatgttttggtcggcatagccaaagaacacggatacacaatcgaaagccccataggaaagacacaacaccagcggattcaggaattcaagcgagaagtcgccaatatagacgacaagatcaaagcattacccgagccggatctgtcgcaggttcgccacgttccgctccaaaaggacaaagtcatcataccagccgaagaactcgacaaactcaaggctaaagccactcttgtggattaccgaaactctcttgccgaagctcttatgcgagatatccgaaaccttaaagaaagagcttccgattatgtccgcaaatgcaaagaaaccctcgaaaagcttctcaaaaggctcgatatcatatctgaaaagtctatgaagaacctcgaagcccgtgccgagcgtgcagaacaccgcgtagaagtcctgcaaaacatcgttgaaggcaaagacaaacaaattagccagctccaatccgagaaagaggatctttccaaacaaatcgacgaagcattcggagacggtgttgtggcagcccgcaaaggctggcttaagattatcgaacactttggactagatcgcgacaaggaattccgcgattacgtcaacgatatggcaggtgagaagatcataaaaaatcccgacagatatctaggaatggacagataa
>gene_34375|Replication protein RepA
atgcggagaatcacgcaggtagaccaagatacgggggaggagttaggcggttttgtagcagtgattcgtcccaagcaaaagtcatcatttcagaggcatttcaccatgaatcaagcagcactaatcaccatcgccaatgagttaaatcatgatcagatgcgtgtgctgatggctttgctagcagagctggattacgagaactacattcaggtcgcgcagatggatattgcagaagcactgacaatgcaaaaaaccaatgtgagtcgcgcagtaaaaaacctgatcgatttcgggatcatactggaagggccaaagatcggacggagtaaaacgtaccggctgaaccctcagttcggatggaaaggcactgtcagcaaccacaaacgagcgctaaaaaatggcctcagtgttatccagggcgggaaggcataa
>gene_21529|replication protein B
atggagtttaatttggttacaattaaggaatatgcaaagcaaaaaggggtgagttatgaggcggtaagaaagcagattaaccgctatcagagtgagcttaaagggcatattcaaaaggttggacggactaactaccttgatgataaggctgttgagtttttggatagtaagcgcgcagaaaaccctgttatagtgatagaagccgccaaagatgaacaaatacgactgttgcaggatgagaataaagcattacttatcaaggttgcggagcttcaagatcagcttttgaaagaaaaggataatgtgaagcagttacaagctgaaaagatagagcttttggaggaaaggaaagaacagaaagaggaagatagaccggagcaggagccagaacaaagcgagacggtcaagaagtggtggcagttctggcgttga
>gene_26|MobA/MobL family protein (Fragment)
aaagacaatgcaaagaaatggcgcatcgacctaacgcagaccataaattccgttaatgagaaaatgggaatgacagagaatttctgggagcatcgttccttcaaagagcaaggtcttgatattgttccacagatacatcttggagagaaagcaagtgcaatggagcgagccggcatccacactattcgtggcaacatcaatcgttcaatcattgagaaaaatgctatcatcatgcaggctacagcaatgataaaagaagcaacaaaatccattatctcagccaaggcatttgcgacaatgggtgctaagaaaattgccgatacagttaagaatgaaattcttgatagggtgctatctgaaagaaaaagtgctactacagaaaatgcaaaaaatgagggtgcaggggatgataagggcgatggagaaaactaa
>gene_42271|Replication protein
cgatcttacgggagtaagcagttttggaaaatttatttagcagattttttactcgtcctcggcatcgtggattccaaacaagttgatgtatttatttatattattgaaaacacaaatcaatcaaataatgtgtttttgggcacctacgataaaatctgtgcagacttgggcgtaagccgaccaacgattgccaagatcctcaaaaaattacagcaacataattttatcaaaaagattcaaaacggtgcttggttagttaatcctaacgttttaatgaaaggcaatgatagaaaaaggcaaatactgctatcttactatcaaaaccccgaaccaatcgacgaaattacttttaaacgcacaaaacgcccagcttttgaggacgaaacgcaaccgcagacccctcaaatcgaagaaaaacgggaggattaa
>gene_54863|Mobilization protein
ttgacaaacccccattcggatggtttatcaaaatacgggcgctctgcgaggcaaggaggtgcaggcatgcacgtagcttatacaaatcatatcggacgatcagagcacgataagcgagcaaagagcacaaatatatccagtgcttctgatctggctgcagctgaaaaacacaacaatcacgactacacaaaagaagaaatagagaaaatccaatctgctataaatcttgatttaaagaaatttaataaacagtatgatgaaaatttaaacgaagtagaatatcttgatttaactgaaaaagtaaagaaaatatacaaggaagaattttcagaagctgtcgaagaatataatgcaaaacagaagcgaaaagacagaaggattactgactactttgaacaagtatccaatgatggcaagaccgatttatgcgttgagggaattattcaaatcggagatatgaacgattggaaagataagtctttagaggatcgagaacgtactcgacaaatttacctggatacattgagagacatgcttcgcgaaattccagggcttagacttgctggagcatcatttcacatcaacgaaagcagccctcacttgcattgggttgctgtctgcgttcatgaacggcctgaggcgaagaaaggactccgaaaagttgcatctaaatctgcagttctgactcaagacgttttgggcgacatcctgcagacaaaaattagaaacaggatgcaagctcgcgttcgtcgtgaatttggttgggaatttgaaattaagaaatccggaagaaatcaagatctttccagaaatgaaatgcaaaacgccaaactccaggaacagaaccgagaactccagaaagaagttcgtgaattacaacagcaatccatccagatgcagcaattcatcgaagagacttacgacaagattccagattacccagcttatgatcaggaggcttcgaaagcattccgactgctcgatgagcttaaggagcttataagaaagtcttttagtaagggatttatcctccgaaatcgaaaagatgaagagaagatacttaatgctatagaatcactcagggatagcgttctgacgtctgtagcggcactcagaggctttgaagcgcgcgagagggttccggaggcacaacaacgctctaaagtaattgtaagtgctttagatagccgtataagcgctttaagtaaagagcttgagccaaagaagcgtttggaacaaaaaaacaagaataaatatctagaacattaa
>gene_53432|RepB
atggcgaaaattctcaaaaagaggaattgggcaatggtgctgtaccctgaatctgcacccgataattggcgtcagatactcgcagaaacgggtctgcaatgcgctatctctcccctacacgataaggatatcaatccagacggtacgcctaaaaaggcgcattatcacgtgatattgtgctattcaggtcctacggctttgagtgtagtaaaaaagctgactgatagtctaaaccaaccaaatccgcaagctctggagcaaataagagggtattaccggtatctaacacataaggataacccggaaaagtatcagtatccggcaagcgatataactaccattaacggcttttgtatagccgattatgtggagctgacccgaacggagattaacaagatagtaagagagattcaggatctcatcatc
>gene_41917|Rep protein
atgaaatacaagttcccagatttccggtatgttgctgttatcgagtttcaagataaaaacgggcgtggtgcggttcactatcacatggtttgtaatttgccgtacttgaagaagtccgaactagctgatatttggggtgctggcttcgtcaaaatcaatcggattgacaaggtcgataatgttggcgcttatgtcattaagtacatgaccaccgatatggatgacaggagactgtgcggactcaatgcctacttacatagccgtggcctagaggaacccatagagctgaccacttggggagataattccgaaaagtggagggaagcccatgaacggctgaaaagcaaaacgccctcgtattcggcaaaatacgagagcgaagtggctggggctattgaatacattcagtacaatttcaatcggcgttga
>gene_15667|Plasmid recombination enzyme
caagaacacctgcagcctgcttttgatgaatacaatgcaaagcaaaaacgtaaagacagacgtcttgatgtcaagtggggatgcactactgccctggaatatcagagagcgatggacgttaaggcaagagcatcgaagaacaaaatcgaccagaagggcagaccgcccatcagggagattgtgtggcaaattggcaatccggagcaggggttcggttgcaaggatcagacggaagaaagtcgtgcgttagcaaagactttgctgacggagtgcgtggaacgagcaaaggagcgttaccctaattttgtgtggggtgacgaagtgtttcacgctgatgaagtatctgagagtgctgatggtcaatctcatggctcgtttcacctgcatacatcttttgtgccgttatgttatcagaacaagcaaggaccttctgtgcaggtcgcaatggagcgttgccttaaggagatgggttttgacacgttccaggcttggaaacacgatttagatacgctgatggaagatgttctgaaagaacacggcctggagcgtacattgatggataatcacggaaaacatcaagagtcaactgagtatcatcgtcagcaacgtgttatcaaagaaacacgggcgttggaaagaaaaaaagaagcagccgaaatcgaagtgcagactttggaagcgcgtgggagagaattaaataaacagatggataaagctgcagagtggatgtctcaaattcctggttggccggaatacgaggaagaaacaaagaaagccgtagggcttgttgaggagttcaaaaacgccctcagagagtttttttcttccggttggatattccgcaaccgcaaaggagagaaacgtctccttgaggccgtagaacgctttagagataagattatgatttctctctctgctctgaaaggctttgaggtaagtcaaagagttccagagcaacatcagcgttcacggacaatcgaaaagtcgctggatgaattgattcagggtgcagatgaagtcagaccgaggaaagcactcgacaagggaaaggagctggagctatga
>gene_57795|RepB
atggctaaaactatcaaacagattgcagatgaaataggggtaagtaagactgcggttcgtaatcaaatcgaaaaccttggtttgcgattgagtttgcgaaaaaacggaaaccagtttgcgattgacgaagaacaggaaaggcttataaaatcagcattttctcaaaaagaaacgcaaagtgaaaacgcaaacttggtttgcgataaatcggcaactttgcgtttactttccgatacactttccactcttcaggaacagctaaaggagaaagataagcagattgaaagacttcagacggaactggaacaggctcaaaggaatgtaaccctagctcaacagctccatgctgtgacggagcagaaaaggttggaacaaaaagaggaagtaccagagaagaaaaactggttttggggtagaagaaaataa
>gene_15704|Mob protein
atgtataatgacaatgccctgccgggacatcgtcattatacgggcgcccgcaggggcaaaaacaacgccggacacggcgaaatggagaagagcatgaaagtcgtttacacaaaccatgttggtagatcagagcacgataaggctgcgaaaaacacgaacatagcaaatgctacagatttagcggcagtcgaaaaacacaataatcatgattactctcaagaagatgttgatagaatgcagtccgcgattgatcttaaattaaaatatcttaataaacaatataacgaaaatttggaagaggttaagtatttgaatttgaccgaaaaagtgaaacagatttacaaagaagaattcacagaatcggttaaggaatacaatgcaaatcagaaacgaaaagacaggcgcatagaaagttattatgactatatttcaaatgacggaaaaaccgatctctgcgtcgaaggaataattcagatcggagagaaagaagactgggcatcattaccgcttgagcttcgagaaagaacaagagatatttacttatctgccttgcgagagatgcttcaggaaatctctggcttaaggttggccggagcatcttttcatggcaacgaaagcagtcctcacttacactgggtggctgtctgcgtccatgagcgccccgatgcaaaaaggggacttaagaaagtgtcctcgcgcgctgcagtgattacaccagaggttttgggcgatatcttacagacaaaaataagagatcagatggaggctcgcgtggagcgtgagttcggatggaccttcgaggataaggtgtctggtcgcaacaaggatttatcaaaaaaccagtatgcaaacattaagctgcaagagcaaaaccgagagctgggagttcagatccaggagatggaatcgcgcgccgatgagcttaaggagcaaattccagactggccaacgtatgaccaggaggcattcaaagccttccgactgctagacgatctaaaggagctcatgagaagctcatttaaccgtcattttctcttccggagccggaaggccgagcaaaccctgctcaggagcgtagaatcgcttagggacgtgataatgacgtctgtggcagccctcagaggcttcgaggcgagagagcatgtcccggccgatcagcagcgctccagaattattgttaatgctctggaggatcgaatcgaccaggtaaagaaggagttgcggccaaagcaaagaatcgaaaaaacggatcgtgaccaggagagataa
>gene_33869|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgggcagacaacaaactactaagaaagtcaagtttgtaggtacacaagaatttctcaatgtcgagacgggtgaacttcaggaaatgcaggtttcaagtatcgaagagagggatttcaatttccataaagtctggatgagaagcttcatagccactcttgaccttgtcggaaaccaaaagacaaaagtggcattttgggtaattgacaatctgaacaaggataatcaactgattgcaacataccgaatcattgccgaaaaatgcggcgtatcgctgccgaccgtcaatgaaaccatgggcatcttactcgatgcagactttttgagaaaagtcagtaatggctgttatatcgtgaatccggacgtcatttttaaaggcgaaaaagggaaaaggcttaatatccttaaccagtaccatgatgcc
>gene_8369|Replication protein
atgatgcttatgacctcccaaatgggccgcaataatgctctcgtcgcatcccaagctacattggccaaaatggctggttgcggcttgaatactctcaaaagggctttgtccgttttacgagagggcaactggatcgaagttcgacagatcggccccacaggcacggcttgtgcttacatcgttaatgaccgagtggcttggtccggaaaccgcgatggtatccgctacagcctgttttctgccgctgtgttgctctcagacgacgaacaacccgataagaccgaaattggcgcacagccgcctctacaggccattccagacctgtatccgggagagaagcagctacctaccggccccggcttaccaccaccatctcagccttctttcgacggcatggaaccagacttgccggccaccgaaaaatag
>gene_27265|relaxase
atggcaaccacctccatctggagcgtgaaaggttggcttggtaaattggttatctatgtagagaaccctaacaagaccaccaatccccaatactacgaaaaggcggagctgaccgagaaacaggcacagacacttttggacgttatcgactatgccgccgatccgagcaagaccgactctgcaatacacgatgaaaacatcgaaacccatcagcagtttgtaacgggtatcaactgtttacccgcaactgcccgtgatgaaatgcaggcggtaaaaagacgcttcggaaaagaggacggtgttatagcataccacgggtatcaatcctttgcccccggagaagctgacccgaagacagcacacgaaatcgggatacggcttgccaaagaattgtggggcgaaaagtatcaagtggtggttgcc
>gene_19588|Plasmid recombination enzyme
aaattggtgttgcacatggagaaggtcaaatctgcggccgtgatgaacagtatcggtgatgagaatgacaggtcaacggaacaggaaattgaaaaacagcggcgcaggaattcgtcaattgatggtacacgaacagcagaaaattttgatgcactggaaggcattaagcatagcctgaaaatgtatgacagggtacagcaacggattgcgtctgggtacacaagtaaacgcaaaatcaggaaagacgctgtgaaaatgattgatggcgtaatcgggtcggacagcttcttttttgagggcatgaacctgtcagaccgggaacggtttgcccgggattgtgccagcttcttggtcgaacacgtcggtcgtgaaaatctggtcggatgtcggtggcataacgatgagaacccgccccacttgcactttcagttcgtgccacttcgggacggtaaattgaatgtcaaggcctgcggttttactcaaggcggattacagtcctggcatacaaaactgtggaagtatttgcacgaccgtgggtgggaaattgagcgtggagaggagcgtcaggcgtggcaggaacctgttcagcatcttcatccgaacgcgtacaagcggcggcatttcggcaatgcaatccaaatggaacaggtcctgcagtcgattgataaccgtgtggaacgttcgacagttggattgttgaaccggcatgaaatagtcaagatgtcagttgatgattatgatgaactgaaaggactggccacggcagcggtgtcgttgcggtcccaggtggacgacctgaacggtgaactgcaaccgtatcatgaggagtacggtaaaatgaaaagacggtttcgtgaggagctgtcaatcgtggatgatgacattgagtacatgcgacaattgaacgctgaactggctgatgaaaacctgcaggttcaggccgaacgaaaactgcaggaattgaagaagcgggaacaggatattaagcaccgggaacaacagaccgaggccttgttgcgttcagccgaagcttcttataaggatgctcaaaccgttgccgatgaatttttgcaacgggcggccgacgcatccggcgaacgggccaaaatcgacagattgttggagtcagtaaaaaaagaaaacaaggaaaaatgggccgagatggtggaggcaggccggagactgttggctgatgacatgcacaaacgataccgtgaacaacgacagtcgacgaaaagagaacagctgcggtcacgggagcgcccataa
>gene_14516|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggcaaaaaatagcaaggaagttcagcgaaaggctgattcgaaacgtgcggggctgcgtacccggaactggacagtgatagcatatccggaagaccttccggaggattggcgggagcagttggacgagttgaagttccgctgggtggaaagcccgctgcatgatgctgacgtcaacgcagatggaaagccgaaaaagccacaccatcacctgcttttcatgatgggttcagtggtaaccctggagcgagtgatgggaatgctcgccgaagtcttcggcgagtctgagagtggttccgtcatcggctttgctgaggggcagcgagtaaccgacaggggcgcgctggtgcggtatatggcccacctggataaccctgacaaggcacagtatgacgtcaacgatatcgtaggtcataacggt
>gene_38207|Putative mobilization protein Tn1549-like,CTn4-Orf23
atgaaaaataccagggaaaaagaagcaggaaggacacgaaaaagagaaattcatattcgtttaaatgaacaagaataccagacacttttgcaatggaaagaacgactaaaacaaccaacagttaattctgtgattcgtatgtttattcattctggtgtcgggtattattttgattatgcttccatgccaaatccgagtgaagaactcaaccgaattggtcataatattaaccagatcgcaaaagttgcgaactcggttaattcggtttacaaaggagatatagaaatgctgaagcaatatcttgaggatgttgaagctgagataactaagtttttggagggcgagttaaaggtaaataaatacatcgcagactgttttatagttaaggaggttgagcagggtggggataaagttaagtga
>gene_21690|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgagcgaacaaaaaaatgggaattttgttcagttttaccgcaatcacatgaaagaagtaacggatttagcaggtaaaaatcgtactgcatttcaaatttttatgtttatctgtgaacacatggacggatacaatgctttgatgtgttcttatcaagtgtttgtggattatacaggaaagagccgtgtaacctgttcaaaagccgtaaaatacttgtatgaccatggttatttagacattttgaagtctggaacaagtaatgtttatataataaatcaagaaattgcatggacttcttacgggaaccagaaggaatactgccaattcaacggcaagattcttatatctgcaaaggaaaacgaggactatttctacaagaacaactgtcaacacatgaagaaattgaacgaacctgcataa
>gene_27454|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaagaaaacagtctcgctccatgtgggcggtggacaggcccatagaacgcacaacgggcgtttctataagggccgaggccccgaccatgtggagcaggccagacggggcgaaaatgaaaccttggttgatatgtcgcaccgtgaggcctacgaagaaattttcggggcggcggtctctgcgtacaacgagaaacagaaaagggccgaccgacaaatttcgtcatatttcgacaccgttcgacacgatgcgacacggcacgcggtttatgaaatggtgcttcaagtgggagaccgaaacacgacaggggttgaggactgcgacacggaacgagctattctccgagaatacattcagacattcgaggccagaaatccccagatgaaagtggtcggggcctacatccatgcggatgag
>gene_26385|Replication protein B
atggagatgacaattaaggagcttgctgatgagcttggagtgagcaaggacaagataaagtacagggtgggtaaattacccagtaattacctagtgaaaaagaatggtgttacctacctaaaaagcgagggaatacaagcaattcgtgaacaagtaggggaaaattacccagtaaattccctaggtaattacccaccttttacccagtatgataaagtggttgacctactggaaaaagagcttgatgtgttgcggaaacagttagaggagaaggacaagcaactggaacaggcacacaagctcatagaccaagagcaacagctccgcatggtaacggagcaaaagctcatgttactggaagaaaagacggaagaacaggaagaagtacataaaaagccttggtggaagttgtggaagtag
>gene_51469|Replication protein B
atggagatgacaattaaggagcttgctgatgagcttggagtgagcaaggacaagataaagtacagggtgggtaaattacccagtaattacctagtgaaaaagaatggtgttacctacctaaaaagcgagggaatacaagcaattcgtgaacaagtaggggaaaattacccagtaaattccctaggtaattacccaccttttacccagtatgataaagtggttgacctactggaaaaagagcttgatgtgttgcggaaacagttagaggagaaggacaagcaactggaacaggcacacaagctcatagaccaagagcaacagctccgcatggtaacggagcaaaagctcatgttactggaagaaaagacggaagaacaggaagaagtacataaaaagccttggtggaagttgtggaagtag
>gene_27062|Conjugal transfer protein traG
atgcaaatgtccgagaatacgagctatgtggtgactgaccccaaaggaaccattcttatcgaggtcggaaaaatgatggtaaacggcggctacaaaatcaaagtgctgaacaccatcaatttcaaaaagtccatgcactataacccgtttcagtacatacgtaacgagcgagatattctgaagctcgtcaacaccatcatcgccaacaccaaaggcgagggcgaaaagtctggcgaagatttttgggtaaaagcggaacgcctatactactgtgctttgatcggctacatctggtatgaagcaccggaggaagaaaagaacttttccaccttgcttgaatttatcaacgcttccgaagcgagagaggatgacgaggaatttaagaacgccgttgacctgctctttgaggaactggaagcggaggaacccaatcactttgcggtgagacagtataagaaatacaagctcgctgcaggcaaaacagcaaaatctatccttatctcctgcggtgcgagacttgcgccgtttgacatacaggagcttcgggagctgatgagctatgacgaaatggagcttgatatgctgggagatcgtaagacggcaatgttcgtcatcatctccgataccgatgacaccttcaattttgttgtagccatcatgtacacacagcttttcaatctgctctgcgataaggcagacgatgaacacggcggcagacttccgtaccatgtgcggctgctcctggacgagtttgccaacatcgggcagataccgaagtttgataagctgatcgcaactatccgaagccgtgaaatttcggcttccattatcctgcagtcacagtctcagctaaagtccatttataaggatgccgccgaaaccattatcggaaactgcgataccacacttttcctcggcggtaaggaaagctccaccttaaaagagatttccgaaacacttggcaaagagacgattgacctgttcaacacctcggataccagaggacagagccgttcctacggactcaattatcagaaaaccggaaaagagcttatgaccaaggacgagcttgccgtcatggacggcggtaagtgtatcctgcagcttcgtggtgtcagaccgttttattccaagaaattcgatataacggcacacaagcgatataaggaactttccgattttgacaagaaaaatgcctttgatgtcgagcagtatatgcgctgtaagcttcgcatgagagccgatgatgaagtagccgtacattga
>gene_5308|Replicase
atggaaaaagttgggcttctttctcaaagaaaggagcttatttttatggaaaacccaataataacaaggggcgaaagcccccttggtaataattgcgaaatcctcccccacctcccccaagataatgggcgggaacatagggctttattgtatgaaacccaagacgatataataaaaatcctgcctgccaaccatagaaccacacaatgcctgcgggtcagcattggtaatgtcaaggttatgaaagaccaagcccaccaaaaagccttttatggcgggcttgtgacttgtggttcggtgtgggcttgtcctgtttgctctgcaaaaatacaagcccgcaggagcgaagaagtatgcaaggcggtagcctatgcctacaacaacgacatgaaggttgtcatggttacgctgacacac
>gene_7774|Replication-associated protein
ttgaccgaaaacaacccggactacacgaagaaagaagcagtggaacgtcttacgagtgtaggcaccgccctttatgggataggctgtagtgaatgtggcgaaagtggaacgaggcacgttcacgcttatgttgtttggaagaatgctattgagttgagttccttaaaaggcctctttccaagagcgcactttgagaagtgtaaaggcagtgtgcaaagcaacattgactacgtctcaaaggacgataccgagccctacgaggtgggcgaacgccctttaatcgttagcgaatggaaagcggacgtgtcaagcgaagttgtcgcattgattctcgagtgtggccttggccctatcgagattctaagtaagtaccctaggtactgcgactacgtagtaaagaactttaggaacttaaac
>gene_56303|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgaggaaccccgtgcaactgtctctttctgcggccgcaaaagaggtgaatcggtcaaagtccaccctcagtcgcgccataaaggagggaaggctatcggccactcggtgcgaggatggtagctaccagatcgacccggcggagctctaccgggtgttccccgcacctgttccgcaaccaacaacatcgaacgcgacgcaacccgagagcgaactggacggaaccctgcggatacagcttgagatggccgaacgcgagcgcgaccgcgagcgggaggagcgcaatcgggagcgcgagcagatgcaagccaccatcgacgacctgcgcacccgcttggaccgagccgaaagccgaattgccgggctgctgcctacgcctcctgtgcgtcagggcaggtggcggctgtggggaggagggtga
>gene_45069|replication protein C, partial
atcgaaaggaacggcaagcggaaagggtaccggctgctgggagacgattacgagagcaccactgagcgcggcggccgcctccaggtatcgctaaatccccggattaccgccgcgatcatgggcaaccaacacacacgcatcgatatgtgcgaggtgcggaagcttcacggagacccagcaaggctgctacatcaacgcctgtgcggttttatcgatcacggtgctactcaccccacccccatcagtgaaacgacgctagcaggctatgtttggcacgacgcagaggtggacacaggaagcagcactttccgcatgcggcgcaaggtcatcaaaacagcgattgctgagcttgaagccctgggctggcggtttgagcttggacgtggaaaagatggtaattcttacaagatttcacgttaa
>gene_57581|Replication protein B
atgaaaacacttaaacagatagcagatgaattagaaattgataaacaaaaggtatatagatacgtcaagaaagcaaatataccacacatcagaaaagaaaaagtgatgtacttcaatgatttagcagaaagccttataaaatctgaatttactcataaagacacacatcaaaaaagcacttcaagaagtacatcaaaaagcgacaatgatacagttattgatgcacttttgaaacagttggaaagtaaagatttactcataaaagaattgaacgagcgactggctgaaagtcataaattgatagaccaacaacaacaattaaatgctaatgctgaaaagaaaattcaggcattagaagaaaaagcaatgatgatagaagataagcaaaacaaaaaaaagccgtggtggagaagataa
>gene_41137|DNA replication protein DnaC
acacacatcgccatcgggcttggaatcaaggcctgcatggaggggtataccgtctactttacaaccgtacctcatctcctcacgaaaataaaggaggcgaaaactggcaagaccttgcagcttcttgaatctcgcttcagaaaatacgatctggtgatatgtgatgagatgggctatgttggctttgacaaggaaggagccgacctgctgttcaatatgctgtccactcgcacaggaacacgttccaccataataacaacaaacctcccgttcacaagatgggaggagatcttcaaggacaaagtcctatgttctgcgttggtggacaggctctgccacaaggcgtatatggtcaatatgaccggacagtcatacagggtcagagaaactcaaaaaatgcttaaaaacttggaatga
>gene_19612|Putative replication protein
atgaatatcgccgagtttgcagaagaacgtcaagtgtcaccgagtgctgtatacgctcatatacgcaagaatcgggagaagttcgacggacacataacgaagaaagggcgcaacgcctttcttgatgattatgccatcgagcttctgtctaagccttaccctgtaccggctccgattcctgttgctgtcgattacgaaagccgcgagaagtacacgcaagccctcgaagaaatatcacgattgcagaagcgtattatcgagcttgaacaggaacaggcgaaagcaaaggcaacagccttgatgttagccgaaaagtcaagcgagcttgaagccgaacgcgagaaagtgactgagctgacgacagagaccgaacggctccggagccgttcgctctggcagaggataagaaacaagtga
>gene_16730|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gaaaaagaagcccttgcggaaatcatgatggaacacggcattgagtgggagcaaaagggcgaacaccgtgagcatctgagtgttctggaatacaaacgtgagcagcgcacacaggagcttgccgagctgacacagcggacggaacaaaaggcacaggagttctccgctttggagaaaaaggtggagaaagtccaaaagcagactgtggcaatcgaagccgttgagaaaatcgaagcaaagccgatggtgctttcctccaaggttacgttggagcgctccgaatacaccgccaaaatcaagccggaaaagataatctgctataccgatgatcgaagcgaaaaagagattatgcagtacaactgcgtaaccgatgttatggagattggtgttgacggtcaaccgttatcctcgtgctaa
>gene_19933|Replication protein RepB
aacatctatttcgatggacctagaagcaaggaatatgctaaaagcctatttgacaaaataggcggtgtaggatgtgaaacgataaatagcgttagaggtgctacaaggtacctgctacacatggataaccccgataaggctcaatataagagagaggatataagggagctatgtggagctgattttgacgctatgacggctcttccaacggatgaaattaagcaagtaagagagatgatgaacttcatcaccaataattgtattactagcttcaataagtttgctgattactgctcggaaaataaagacgattggtttcggctgcttatttcaagtaagagttatttcatcaaggaatacattaagtctttaacatgggaattaagagaacaatatgaaaaggaggatgattaa
>gene_57205|RepH
gattatttaactcataagaatgacccgaacaaggcacaatatgacccaggcgacattcagcggtttaatggttttgacattgcaaaatatgagaatctgaccgcggcagaggtttcacaaattatgtgggacttgacaaacgtctgccgggataattgcataactgaatatgctgacttaattcagtacataatggaaaatctcagcatgtctgagttcgatgtagcgagtcgccacaccatttactttacaaacttagtcaaaggcatttggcgacaatctgcacgctatcaggtcgacccgtcgaccggtgagattttgaccgactctcctttgtcaagtggcatacctgccggtggagattctgacgatagtcagaatacaaccggaacacttgacaacggttgtgagtga
>gene_37213|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgggattgaccttggcggctggcggcggtataattgccggagaggtgaagcagatgggaaagacgataagtacacataatgggagtgctgcgcaccgggggcataatgtccgggacaggtgggcggtagaggggcagggacatattgacccagctctctccgggaacaatcttatactgcatgacgagaagccacgggaagcctaccagcggatttttggggaagccctgcaaaggtacaacgagaaacaggatagaccagagcggcgcatacgggactactatagccacattgagaaggacgcaaagaagaactctgtctatgagatgatagtgcaggttggggacaggaatgacaccgggctggacgctcctgcagaacgggaatgtcttatacagttctatgagggctggaaagcccgtaatccgaatctggagtgcataggggcttatctccatgcggatgagaaggacggcacaatacatatgcacatagattatgttcctgtggctcatggctacaagaggggcatggaaacgcagaccgggcttgtcaaggcactaggggaaatgggatttcataagcagggcaaggaaacggcacaaatccagtgggaacgccgggagaatgaagctctggaagctatctgccgggaacacgggatagaggtggaacacccggacaggcaggagaagcaccttgacacgaagctgtacaaggtcaagaaggagctggaacaggcgcaggaacagctagaggaactccgagacgatatagcgatagcagaagacgaagcggataactggcaggaagtagcggcaacctatgagcaggaagcagacaaggcacagaaagccgtcctagaagcccatgagagcctttctaggctcacggacgaggtgaactccatgcaggagcaaaaaaacgtcctagagggcgaaatagaagccctagagggcaaaaaaacagaaatggaacaggaagtcccagcgttggagacgcaagtcagcgaagcaagagcggaactgtctgcggtagaaacagcggtaaaaaggaaaatggacgaggggacggcacaatttggaatgtccggcatgaaagaacgcatagccgccgcccggaaggaagcagacaaggaaaatcgtctgcgacagttggaaaggttcgtggctctgccgcatattaaaccagtatgggagcagttctgccagaagctgaaacggggcagggacaaccagaaagaccatttgccggaacggtag
>gene_54945|Plasmid mobilization protein
atggctatctatcgattagaaaaaaaatcaatatcgcggggtaatggtagcaatctatgcgcggctgttgcttatcgtgcaggtttggaaattgccgacacgaatgctaaaaaccctgatgcaaaaacgcatgattatcgaaataaatctgatgttgcccatgtcgaaatagtttctggcgctggtcttatgacagatgcgctagatgcaggcgttttgtttgatgtggcctctattgctcagcttgtagaaaacacagaaacaacaaaacgtggggctatgaaaaaaaacgcaaagttagctagtgagtttgttttggcaggatcacacgaattatcaatggctgaaaatgttgcaatgtttagtgagttcgctgagaaaatagcagccgaccaagatacgatcgcgatggtttttgtgcatgatcccaagctcaagaaatcatctaaagacaatagtgatgaccgtaatattcacgctcatattgtcatgcttagtaggcgcacaaaaattgaaaatggtgaattggtcttgggcgataagattgatttggatctgtccgatactgagcgcctaaaacgtggcttatcgagtggtgctgacgccttaacagaaattcgtagtgactgggctgatattcagaataaagcgcttaaacggcatgatatagcccctgtaacccacagaagctataaagacttaggtttgccactcaaaccaacaaaacatctaggacgctatgaagccgaattagttcgaaacggcaaatactcaaaaattggtgaatataatgacaaaatcgaagcagaaaatagggcacacattatcagcacagcagatcaatacgatgctgctacaagtgcagcaattgatagcagtgaacaagcaattgaaaaatacggtgagcaatcagaatttagagatcgagacattagggaagcagctaaaacaaataaatcaatcaagcaaatcgttgattatagagaacaacgaattgacgagtcatatccaagatatagatcaaaacgaaatcgaattgaagaaacagcacaaagcattgatagagcaaagccaagagctgacgacagtaaacaactcattacaagctcgaaacaaagaattgatgacagtgaacgaacgattgaacgatcaagtcaagcaattgacgaatacactcaattcgtcaatgaacagcgtcaagttatagctcaacaaaaagcagaggcagaggcaaaacgtcaagaacaggcacaagcgcaaaaaagggcggaacgtagagaacaagcggaggtagagaagaaaatcttaggtcgtacagcttttcatctagtgaatgttcgagcctatatatcggtgaaagataagcaaactggtagatacgataaaagactagaaggtgatgtttctattggcgcattactacacgaagcgatcgatctctttaggtctggtactcatcatgtcgatgtttttgataagaatgctgctacgggttacaccgacataaactggcatttacacggcaataaaactgcgcgacgcattaaagattttatttttgagaatattgctgacagggatatagcgctagattataacaatttaacaatcaaggattttttgcataagcatgaaataaaatatgacattgatgatctcattaagttgcatgagatgcacccacctagccccgaagaagctaagcagcctgagcctaaacctcacccccgaccccgagaacagcaccatcagcgagaaagacagtatgacagccctagtccttttagttga
>gene_50975|Recombinase
gtgggtgattttatcggtacaactatttccggcatgactggccggggcagcatccggcataataaccggagtttttcagcggcgaatgtagaccggagccggacggagcagaatgtgactttttgcaacgatgatctgaaacaggtctaccatgagatcttcgacgaggccctggctgcctacaatgccaaaaagaaaaagaccagggataagatccccgactactatgagcatatccgccaggggaaacaagagaagctgttccatgaagcaatcttccagatcggcaatctggaggactgcggctgcggctcccctggaggggaacgggctgcagcagctctaaaagagtttgcggagtcctttcaggagcgcaatccccatctgcgggtgttcaatatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacgccccatctccatgtagactttgtgccggtggccacggagcagagccggggcctttccacccgggtttctatgaaacaggcactcaagcagcaggggtttgtagggcttggacgcaatcagacggagtggcgagcctggatggaacgcgaaaaggcgtcgcttacggagattgcccaggcgcatgagttcgagatcatcagcctgggcggtggccggcctcacatggaattgccggagttcaaggcagcggccaagcggctggaggctgtccaggagcaggtggcggcagcggagcaggaaatggccgaactggagcagcagaggaaggccctgcaggggacggtgcggcagctccaggctgcggagaaggtgcgggttgacctggacgcgatccagccggagaaaacgctgacaggagccgtcaagggcgttacagtggagcaggtgaaggagctgaaggcagcggcgatccgtggggccgctgcggagcagaaggtgaaagagctgaagatagaaaatcagcagcttcatagccggatgccgtccatgaaagaaaagctgaaggaggccgaggagcggcagcggcttatcaacgaaaaccgcaatttgcaggtacaggtggagtatctggagaacagcctggacagtgagcgaaacttcgcatcccggctcctggaaggggttgaggcggtgctggacttcctggatcggcacctgccggagcagttccggcctatgctggaaagggcgcgggagctgctgcctgtgccggagctgcaacagccggaacgggaacaggatcggggccacacttggggcggcatggaactttga
>gene_49490|tyrosine recombinase XerC
atggcaacaaccggacttcgcgtgggagatgcactggccctcacacgcgatcaagcctttaacggagcaccggttcacgcacaaaaaacaggcaagcccatgctgctggacttgcctgtatcactttccgagaagctcaaaaaatatatgcgtcccaatgatgtgtatgtgttcgcgtcgcgcgatccgcgccgcaccggtaagccaatagcccgtcaaactgctgccgctgcgatccgacgcgctgctcttgatatcaattgtccggagatcacttgccattcagctcggaaactttttgccataaatctatggcgcgccaccggcgacgttgccgccgttcagcgcgccttgcagcataccaaccttgccaccactgccctttatctgctgtcaccgcgcgtgggctga
>gene_20160|Putative replication initiation protein
tacgtgcccaagcaggaattagccgaatgctggggtcacggcttcgtgaaggtcaacgcggtaacggacaactgcgacaacctaggcgcgtacctgtcggcctacctcgcgaacgtaccggacgaaaaaggcgaagaggtcaagcagagcgacggcacgacgaagcgaataaagaaacgcggccggctcgggatgtatccggcgcacatgaacatctaccggacttccagagggatagcgcggcctgaggttttctgggctgagggcaacgaaaacacgcaacgttgggctgatctcacggaaggtcggacacccgtttatgagcgcgaagtgattttcaaggatgacgaggggcgagagcatcgcgtggtaaagcagcaatacaacctgattaggagcgaaacgaaatga
>gene_16782|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ctgaacgaagaactcatcgaaagaaagggtaacaagagttacacccagattttcgatgagatggtggagaacggtgagataagtacgtccggcctgcggccagatgcagttatcttcaatgaaatcctacatgatgttaactcagagtattggctttcataccaggaacacggctatggttcgccagaagactttgcatgttcttacttccaggactgcttggaatacgataagcagaagtttggtgaagataaaatcctgtcggctaagatacacatggacgaaataaaccaggagatgaccaggaagtatggatttccggtgtatcactaccatatgcacgttgtagctgttccaaccgtcaccaaagaaaagaagtggtcaaagcgttgcaaagacccagaactgcggggaactgtgaaagaacgtattacccaggtatccgattctaagttctgggcctggcacgctggagaagaaaagtcctatggtaaattccagagtgagctttatgaacatctccatgaaaagtatccggatctgcagcgtggggaaactggatccaaagcaaagcacttgtctgcagaagactataaagccggaaaagaccaactccgggaactgcagaaacagattgatgagaagaataaacagattgaatccttagtcgcacaggttctggcagtcgaaaaacaccaggatgaacttatccggacgaacaatgaaaatctggagattatggccgagaatgaaaggattatccgaatgcagcaagaaacgctgcatctgatcaaggacttcgatgagtatctgaaggctgcagacggcatcgatgaagaaataaaactggctgaagaactgatttcagaattgccggcatcatcgaaaatgttccaggctgcagctgctcagaagtggacagaacgtgtgatgtccattctgaacaagctgcgaaaaggcattactgcaggaatccagcgtttaagagtatttgaacttacatatgatattccggaacgtctttcggaaccagctcagcagcgagctgcagaactggataaacagattactgcagcggaagaacgtgctgggacgtaccggaaagatggatatgaagcagagtggcagtaa
>gene_27556|recombinase, partial
atgaagaagaactacatagttgcccgggttggccagacaactcgctctggagccagggcaatgatgaaccacaacgaccggaaccgggagtcttaccggaatccggacatcataccagagcgttctgatctgaacgaagaactcatcgaaagaaagggtaacaagagttacacccagattttcgatgagatggtggagaacggtgagataagtacgtccggcctgcggccagatgcagttatcttcaatgaaatcctacatgatgttaactcagagtattggctttcataccaggaacacggctatggttcgccagaagactttgcatgttcttacttccaggactgcttggaatacgataagcagaagtttggtgaagataaaatcctgtcggctaagatacacatggacgaaataaaccaggagatgaccaggaagtatggatttccggtgtatcactaccatatgcacgttgtagctgttccaaccgtcaccaaagaaaagaagtggtcaaagcgttgcaaagacccagaactgcggggaactgtgaaagaacgtattacccaggtatccgattctaagttctgggcctggcacgctggagaagaaaagtcctatggtaaattccagagtgagctttatgaacatctc
>gene_27560|Plasmid recombination enzyme
catgaaaagtatccggatctgcagcgtggggaaactggatccaaagcaaagcacttgtctgcagaagactataaagccggaaaagaccaactccgggaactgcagaaacagattgatgagaagaataaacagattgaatccttagtcgcacaggttctggcagtcgaaaaacaccaggatgaacttatccggacgaacaatgaaaatctggagattatggccgagaatgaaaggattatccgaatgcagcaagaaacgctgcatctgatcaaggacttcgatgagtatctgaaggctgcagacggcatcgatgaagaaataaaactggctgaagaactgatttcagaattgccggcatcatcgaaaatgttccaggctgcagctgctcagaagtggacagaacgtgtgatgtccattctgaacaagctgcgaaaaggcattactgcaggaatccagcgtttaagagtatttgaacttacatatgatattccggaacgtctttcggaaccagctcagcagcgagctgcagaactggataaacagattactgcagcggaagaacgtgctgggacgtaccggaaagatggatatgaagcagagtggcagtaa
>gene_55639|recombinase, partial
atgaagaagaactacatagttgcccgggttggccagacaactcgctctggagccagggcaatgatgaaccacaacgaccggaaccgggagtcttaccggaatccggacatcataccagagcgttctgatctgaacgaagaactcatcgaaagaaagggtaacaagagttacacccagattttcgatgagatggtggagaacggtgagataagtacgtccggcctgcggccagatgcagttatcttcaatgaaatcctacatgatgttaactcagagtattggctttcataccaggaacacggctatggttcgccagaagactttgcatgttcttacttccaggactgcttggaatacgataagcagaagtttggtgaagataaaatcctgtcggctaagatacacatggacgaaataaaccaggagatgaccaggaagtatggatttccggtgtatcactaccatatgcacgttgtagctgttccaaccgtcaccaaagaaaagaagtggtcaaagcgttgcaaagacccagaactgcggggaactgtgaaagaacgtattacccaggtatccgattctaagttctgggcctggcacgctggagaagaaaagtcctatggtaaattccagagtgagctttatgaacatctccatgaaaagtatccggatctgcagcgtggggaaactggatccaaagcaaagcacttgtctgcagaagactataaagccggaaaagaccaactccgggaactgcagaaacagattgatgagaagaataaacagattgaatccttagtcgcacaggttctggcagtcgaaaaacaccaggatgaacttatccggacgaacaatgaaaatctggagattatggccgagaatgaaaggattatccgaatgcagcaagaaacgctgcatctgatcaaggacttcgatgagtatctgaaggctgcagacggcatcgatgaagaaataaaactggctgaagaactgatttcagaattgccggcatcatcgaaaatgttccaggctgcagctgctcagaagtggacagaacgtgtgatgtccattctgaacaagctgcgaaaaggcattactgcaggaatccagcgtttaagagtatttgaacttacatatgatattccggaacgtctttcggaaccagctcagcagcgagctgcagaactggataaacagattactgcagcggaagaacgtgctgggacgtaccggaaagatggatatgaagcagagtggcagtaa
>gene_1164|conjugal transfer protein
ttgcaggaagaagttgaaaacaggacggtttcgcttgcgatccgttcttcaaagctgaccgctgatgttctgaaaaaggcgatcaccaagtaccttgcctaccggaaagaaaaatccaaggcaaaagccgttatgaagcccaccgggaaacagacagtaaaggaactcatcggtcagaatcagggagtgtccaatatcgagatcacggagaagaatatcaagggatttgaccgtgtagcccggaaatacggcgtcgattacgccgtcaagaaggatacctccggcgagattccgaaatatcttgtctttttcaaggctcgtgacgcggatgctctgactgccgcgtttaccgaatttgcgagcaaggaaaagaaccgtgagaagccttccgtcatcaagcatggatag
>gene_35898|Rep
atgccccgtgatgataggactatcgagattattgttgatgagaaaggtaatgcaggtaaaaccgcctgggcgatgtatcaggactactgccatcgtgctctttacatccctcccctcaaacgcggtctagatttaacggcctgtgttctcgggaagcgtacctccgattggtatgttctcgatacccctcgtgccttcgagtttacggatgattgggcctgttccatcgagcaactcaagaatggatacgtcttcgatacccgttacactttccgcgataaggttttgcctgttagacctcgcgtaactatcctgtgcaatgacttgcctgactacgaaaagtatttcagtgcagacagagtgtcagctatgaagataacccccgagggctatctttggagtgtgtaa
>gene_32429|MobA/MobL protein (Fragment)
atgagtggttatttaaacagtagaaaattaactaatgtaaaaggaagaataaaatatataactaatgagaagaaacaagagaatattgttgattattataatacaactgataataacttctggagaatgttagcaaaggaaagccaacaaagacacaaagaagtaaatgctggaggaaaatgttgtgaaagtagagagctaataataggaataccgaaagattccaaggttacggcaaaagaaatatgtgagattttcaaggaaaaataccaagtcgagtgtacttgtgctatacatcagaataataaaaatgaagttgtaaatagacattgtcatttaatttttagtgaaaggctaaaattaaataaaccagaaataacagaagaaaagaaagcaactagaaattattattatgatgaaaagggaaataaatgtaaaaaggctgatgcagttaaaatagtcaagaagggaacaatattgcaaaaaaaagctgtgagaaattttactgaaaaaaatgaatattttaaatctcaaaagtttatatatgagtgcaaagaaatttttttgaaggatctgctaaaaattgaatggtcgttagactctgaaagaagaaacaaagaactttccgaaaaacatataggaaaaaataacccaaaagaaatttatataaaacagaataatcatttaaaatcaatagttaaaaatgtttgtaatgctagtgattttgtaatgaacacagaaaaaggaacatctttaaaagaattaaaaagtggttatgacataaacaatttttcaattaaaaattatgaagaaaacgagaaaaaagtttatagctttgtaaaagaaatgcagtcattatatataacgaaagtgaaaaaagaagtaaaagcacataatattataaatagtgatttaaatatgcttaataaagaagagtatatttttgaacctgttcaagaccagattttaaacgattatgaaaaacaagttaatactagaagtaaacctaaagtgattgattttataaagaataaattaaaagatatgataaatcgaattgaaaagcttgttaatatacaggacttactttatatagagtcaaataaaaaagtaaaagtatatcaagataaaagaaataacaacttgtatatagaagattctgattatcttaaagaaaaaaaacaaagatattatgatggaccagaactttaa
>gene_16192|Replication and maintenance protein, partial
ggaaaaagtagatggattaaaatagatgaaaatggtgaactaacaggagaagtaaaagaagtcgatgaatttgaaacaaaaataaatagatctggttttatgattacatatatgagtgcaattataaatttaatagataaattaggcactaaaaaaatgcaagtaatgaaatatatatttgaaaatatgagtaagactgaaaatactttaattataacgactgacgaattatctaaaaaatcaaaagtatcaaaacctgttgtgattgaaactctaaaaatattagaggaagctaatttaataaaaagaagaactggagcaataatattacatccgaaactaatccatagaggagatgaatacaaagaaagatatcttttaacaaagtttgaagggtttcaagaataa
>gene_34514|Firmicute plasmid replication family protein
caaatcaataaagagcactccgatgagatgcaatggcttttagataaaaatcctaaagcatttaaagtattgctattcttgttaaaccacatggacaaatacaacgcagtaatgtgttcttacacagttattcaagaagctttaggaataggcagaactacagcgagcatggccgtcaaattacttaaagagcatggatttattgctgtcatgaaaagcggctcaagcaatatctacgttgtgaataataacttagcttggaactcatggggaaacaatgttcaatactgcgagtttccggcaaacataatcttatccggatcagaacaaaaagagcatgctgctgaaataatcactaaaaaaattcaaacagtaaaaacaagaaaaaacagcactaaaaaataa
>gene_57089|MobA/MobL family protein
atggaaatgtatctggacgtcaaaacggtaggcaaaggtgacaagggaagaacggcttgtggatcttctgcttaccgggcctgcgataaaatcatagataacgccggcaaccggcacgacttctccaggaagagtggccatgtgaccggcggcgtcattctgccggccggagctccggcagagctgctcgatcggcagactctttggcagcgtcatgaccagaaggagatccggaaggacgcgcagatcttccgggaggtcgaagtgagcctgcataacagcctgagttacgatgctgcagctcgcgtctgtattgcgattggtcagcgagcagctgatatgggtatgtgtgtccaatgggacattcacgataagaccaacaagaagggcgagcggaaccttcacgcccatctgatgctctccatgagggagctgctgccagacggtaccttcggaaacaagaatagatcctggaacaaatataacggcggaatgaatctggcagacgtactgcgcccgtatgctgcagaactgatgaatgccgagctggaccaaattggcgtcgctgaccgagtggaatatctcagctttgctgatcgaggaattgaccgaatccccaccgtgcacgtgggcgtgacggcctgcgctctggaggagaagggcgtcgatactttcaaggtggtattgaaccgcaagattcgagaaattaacgcagaacacataacatacaccgagaaattggccaaatatcatgcggtccgggttgagcaagctcagatagccctccagaacgcccatgagcgtcatttaggcttagaggaacttatgggtagggctatgactatccaaaaggctcagcaggctcaggagccccttaaaacggcaagagagggtatctgtgaatctattaagcagattaacttccaaagcgcagctctgaagagggacagtcggcagataaagaagatccggcaggccttgtatgtggtgaagaaccttgccggtgatccaaacctggatccagagcagaagaagcagctagaatgggctgctgggtatttgaagtgggcaggcgtgacagacacttcgcctgcaggcatcaaggctgccatagagcacttccgggaacagaataccgacaactaccttcagcggatggatcttatggctgctaaaacgcaggcctatgaggatctggttgagatccggagccgggagaggcctgtgctgcggaagataataaacgaggaacgataa
>gene_19788|RepB protein
ccgggtatgcccaagccctacgcggtgaacgtgcgctcggccctgcgctacctgtgccatctcgacaacccggaaaaggcgcagtacgacccggagaaggtgacgtgcgtaaactgcacgctcgcggactattacgagctgataagctctgccggcgacgatgatttggttttggacgagataacggactggctggacgagaacgccgtggtttcgttcgcggcgttcgtgcgctactgcaggcaggagcggccagagtggaagcggctggcataccacaagtacaccgcattcctgacgcgctacatcaagtcgctggcttgggaacgctcgcaggttccgaccttcgaggtgaacgaggagactggcgagctggtggggcgtgacgcgcgggctcgggactga
>gene_55903|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggagctgagcatgatggtcgagcacggggacgtcggcgacgcccggcacaacctcgtcgaggactaccggaagagcctcgagaacgttgcggccgagcgaaccgcgctcaacgtggtcttggccaaagaatccctcgaggatgtgtaccgggagctgttctcgggagcgctcgcggcctacaacgaggcccaggtcgcgaagggcaagcctgggaggcggattcccgattacctcgcgcacgtccgcgcgtccaggcaggagcgccccgagtacgagatggtcgtgcaaatcggcaaccgcgagacgaacccggccgcggacgccgcctgccgcgagctgtccgaggcggtctaccgcgactggctcgcggccttccggaaagagtttcctcagctcaaggtgcgcgaggccgtggttcacatggacgaggccacgccgcacctgcacgtcaagtacgtgccgtggtcctccggcaacaagcgcgggctcgagacgcgcaacagcctgggcggggccctgcggcagatgggttacgcgcgcacccaggacgtgaaccaccgctatatgcgcctcctcgaggaggcgggggccgcccacggcgtggagcgcctggagatgggcgtgagccgcgctaggatgtcggtcgagaactacaaggccgcgatgcggcgcggggagaacctggactacagcaacgac
>gene_15878|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ctcgcggcctacaacgaggcccaggtcgcgaagggcaagcctgggaggcggattcccgattacctcgcgcacgtccgcgcgtccaggcaggagcgccccgagtacgagatggtcgtgcaaatcggcaaccgcgagacgaacccggccgcggacgccgcctgccgcgagctgtccgaggcggtctaccgcgactggctcgcggccttccggaaagagtttcctcagctcaaggtgcgcgaggccgtggttcacatggacgaggccacgccgcacctgcacgtcaagtacgtgccgtggtcctccggcaacaagcgcgggctcgagacgcgcaacagcctgggcggggccctgcggcagatgggttacgcgcgcacccaggacgtgaaccaccgctatatgcgcctcctcgaggaggcgggggccgcccacggcgtggagcgcctggagatgggcgtgagccgcgctaggatgtcggtcgagaactacaaggccgcgatgcggcgcggggagaacctggactacagcaacgaccccgcgctcatccaggccgtgctcgagtcgcaggagaccatccgggagatggagcgggtcgtgggagagtaccgggaggcgctcgagtacgccgcggccgccaaggtggtgaaccacggtgaggcgaggcgtcgcgcgagggcggccctggaccggaacgaatccgcgctggacgccgtgcgcgagaaggtcgcgcaggtcaaggagctgttcgaggtggtcaaggagcgggtgagggatttcgtcctcaacccggtgccgcgccccctgcaggaggagtcggagaggagagaggcgcagatgagggacgacgagctggagagacagatccaggagctgcgggacgagatcgccgaacaggtaaacggccgactcgacccgtccgacaagcaaggagcggtcgagagggccgaggagagggcgaggaggaggtcggcgccggcgccggcgccggcgccgcgccggtcggcatcgctcgacgccgatgccagggccgcctcttccgccgcccacgcccggcagcggggggagcggggccgctcccggtcgcgctga
>gene_53991|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgacgagcaatgcaacgaaatatgaaaccgtcaaggaaatgatgcagttttgcgttgagaatgatgttatcgagtatgaggatttgatgatatacgcaatgaataacgagcctgtttggtttgagtttttgtgtgattcttgcactcttgtgatgagcaattttctcaactcacgccgatatagaaaggagcgcgaggacagatga
>gene_54829|Rep50
atggtctcgtttgaatccctcaaaaccccagaccagtgcaacgagctttccgcatccgtcaatggaacaatttcccagttcgtgcaatctccccgcgccatggtgcgatatttcgcgcacatggataatcccgataaggcccagtacgaaaagcgcgatatagagtgccacggcggcttcgatctggaagatatgctgatgacgagcaatgcaacgaaatatgaaaccgtcaaggaaatgatgcagttttgcgttgagaatgatgttatcgagtatgaggatttgatgatatacgcaatgaataacgagcctgtttggtttgagtttttgtgtgattcttgcactcttgtgatgagcaattttctcaactcacgccgatatagaaaggagcgcgaggacagatga
>gene_19287|conjugal transfer protein TraA
ttgggtaatcaagggggaaaaaggatatacagcaagcctatacagagccttgctgatgagggtatgtgcgtagatgccaatattcactggaaagacggaaaccaccacgctcatattatggggacagtacgagcaatagacgaaaaaggcgaatggtccgccaagactaaaaaggtgtatgaccgagacgagaacggacagaagataccacagattgacaagaaaacaggcttgcagaaagtagacaagcagaaccgtaagcaatggaagtcccataaagaggacttcacagattggaacaagcaagaaaaggttgaggaatggcgggagcgttgggctgaccattgcaacaggtcgcttgaaaaggcacagagccttgaaagagtagaccacagcagagagtaa
>gene_36614|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagtaacgataagcacgcataacggttcggcggtcgcacgcgaacacaacgtccgaaactacaaggtcgtgagcaaagagccacacatcaacttgaatggcttgcacgaaacgtggattgacgagcctgtccggcaagcatacgaacgtctgttcggtgaagctgtggcagaatacaactccaaacagagccgcccagagcggcgaatttcgagctattacaacgatatctgtagagataaaaagaaacaccctgtttatgagatgattataggcatatacggcaagaacgaggacggaacgtctatctgctctgccgaacagggtaaggagattatgagggaatttgtagatacttggaaacaacgtaacccgaatttagcccttataggcgcgtattaccacgcagacgaggagggagagcctcacgtccaccttgactatatccctgtcgctcacggttattctaggggcttacagacgcaaacagggcttgtcaaggcattggaagaacagggaataaccaaaacaggcaaggaaacggctcaaattttgtgggaaaagcaagaaaacgattacttaacggctctatgtgaaagcgctgggcttactgtaaatcaccctcgagcagagggcagaatgcacctcgatacgcatactcttaagctgaagacacgtgtcgaacagctcgagcagacagtaagcagttatgacagagaaattcggcaaattgagagcaaaaccgacgttgcaacgacacgactcgccgacattaacagccaaatcacaaaaaaaaacgcagaattgcaaaatctctcaaatctgaaaacaaatataagcggtatgtacagcgaaatcgacagtttcaaagctgataagaagtctattccgttctccaagcgggtttcagtggaagaaaaacagctcgatgacatcatcgagcttgcgaaacaaggtctatcagagcggacaaagaactatcagttgctcagtaaaatgcgagatttgataccgaaagaagctcacaagagcgagcttaaggagcgtgatgatgaaatatcgagtttgaaagaccagctcaacacttgtgtcagcgcttataatcgcgttaagcaagctgttcataacttacatctaggttcgcaaataaacgaggaactccgtcgtatgcagagagaagaacaggagcagagtcgctcatcggaacgggaacagcaaacccagcagaagaaaaaatcttctccgaagcggtaa
>gene_35945|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtaacgataagcacgcataacggttcggcggtcgcacgcgaacacaacgtccgaaactacaaggtcgtgagcaaagagccacacatcaacttgaatggcttgcacgaaacgtggattgacgagcctgtccggcaagcatacgaacgtctgttcggtgaagctgtggcagaatacaactccaaacagagccgcccagagcggcgaatttcgagctattacaacgatatctgtagagataaaaagaaacaccctgtttatgagatgattataggcatatacggcaagaacgaggacggaacgtctatctgctctgccgaacagggtaaggagattatgagggaatttgtagatacttggaaacaacgtaacccgaatttagcccttataggcgcgtattaccacgcagacgaggagggagagcctcacgtccaccttgactatatccctgtcgctcacggttattctaggggcttacagacgcaaacagggcttgtcaaggcattggaagaacagggaataaccaaaacaggcaaggaaacggctcaaattttgtgggaaaagcaagaaaacgattacttaacggctctatgtgaaagcgctgggcttactgtaaatcaccctcgagcagagggcagaatgcacctcgatacgcatactcttaagctgaagacacgtgtcgaacagctcgagcagacagtaagcagttatgacagagaaattcggcaaattgagagcaaaaccgacgttgcaacgacacgactcgccgacattaacagccaaatcacagaaaaaaacgcagaattgcaaaatctctcaaatctgaaaacaaatataagcggtatgtacaacgaaatcgacagtttcaaagctgataagaagtctattccgttctccaagcgggtttcagtggaagaaaaacagctcgatgacatcatcgagcttgcgaaacaaggtctatcagagcggacaaagaactatcagttgctcagtgaaatgcgagatttgataccgaaagaagctcacaagagcgagcttaaggagcgtgatgatgaaatatcgagtttgaaagaccagctcaacacttgtgtcagcgcttataatcgcgttaagcaagctgttcataacttacatctaggttcgcaaataaacgaggaactccgtcgtatgcagagagaagaacaggagcagagtcgctcatcggaacgggaacagcaaacccagcagaagaaaaaatcttctccgaagcggtaa
>gene_7959|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggtattggaaggtgatgttatggattttggaagaaccgcaacacttacatttgacaaggtttttaactatgttcacgattttcgtttatgggatagggatcaggattggccagataatgttgaccgaagccgaacaaaaaacaatgtcatttatactcaaaatacgcttgaaaatgcatatcatgagctttttgacgatgttgtaaatgaatataataaaaggcagagccgtcccgaacgaatgaagtctgttgatggataccttgaggaaattaagagaaagaaagatgggagaaacgctgtaaaacccgcatatcagctacttgtagaggtgggcgatgtgttagatacagggtatcggctgtcgccggaagcggcggcgacagccgaacaagtcattgaggagtatattaagggttttgaaaagcgtaatccaaatctttttatagtatggtcgggacggcatgcggacgaggagaaaccacatgggtttcttacatttgtgccttatgcagaaggttgctataaaaaagggcttaaaagacaagttagcttatcaaaagcccttgcgcagcaagggtacggagaggataaaaataactttgataggtggatagaggcggaacgctctatccttgttgaaatctgcgttcaacatggttttaatattgttcagttagatgatccgcatcgtgaaaaattaactcaacacgaatattacagtcatatgaatgcgtttaatagagcggtagagcatcaagtacatgatgaattggataacattttaaacaaaccgcttaaagctatccagaaacacgagaaaggttttctcggctactctaatacggattatgaagaactgtataaggcttatcggcagacctatagggaattgttggcggtaaaagcaataaatgagcgatatggtgcagataaggctttaactttacaggagcgtgtagatactcttgaaaaacgcctggaaaggtcatctgcacgaattgatgagttgaaagaagaacaagtagcccaggcgaaagattttgcatccttgcgtaaagaccttaaaacgctcatagaagccgttccaatgaaatacttgaagaatgtatcgtcacagttacaaaaagacggctatggggcttctatgcttcaagaaaaggctaaatcaattaaagatagacggtatcgagaagcaagtttaaatcagaaaaatgaaaaaaccgctgaaggtatggacttaagcaggatttga
>gene_36545|plasmid replication protein
atgtgttatgcaggtcctacaagctatgaagttgtcaaacgcttaaccgattcacttaatcagcctatcccgcagccgttggaacaggttcgcggaatgtaccgatatttcacgcacaaggacaatcccgagaaatttcagtatgacgagaaggacataacaacgttgaacggcttcgacatacgcgactttgtcgaattgtcctttgccgaagtgagcaatattaagcgaaaaattcaatctatgattattgagcagaatataattgaatattcggttctcatggacaagcttcttgccgatgatgaaaatcgtgatttttacgacgttgcagcagggaacacattattttttacacagtatctgacctcgcgcagaaattcattgaaatggagaatagaataa
>gene_21428|mobilization protein
atgtctcgtaaatatcggaaaaatcgccctgttcgtaaagaggtttatttttcagacaaggaatggggacgggtagaaaaacgaatgagccgtgtcaaaaatttttgctttagcgacttcgcacggcaggctgtcagtggtgacgtgttcaaggttgaccaacgtgtcgagcaggtagtctcgcgtgaagtcatgtttgagttgcacgctatcggtagcaatatgaaccagatagctcataactcgaatatgcacggagcgactacacaggcagaaatcaggaaagctcttgaacttatcgaagaccttgccctcaccctccagcccatgcgtatccaactctctagccaatacacgcactgtcccacctgcaaacaacccgtgaatcactctcagaagctctag
>gene_51625|replication protein RepB
atggtgtcttttgagtctctcaaaactccagaccagtgcaacgaactttcggcagccgtccatggaacaatttcacagttcgtgcaatccccccgtgccatggtgcgatattttgcgcacatggataatcccgacaaggcccagtacgataagcgcgatatagagtgccacggcggctttgatctggaagacatgcttatgacgagcaaccagacaaagtacgatgcgctcaaggaaatgattcaattttgtgtcgaagctgatgtgatcgagtacgaagatttgcttgtgtacgccatgaataacgagccgtcttggttcgaagcattggccgattcatgtacatacacaatgagcgcgttcctcaagtcacgtcggcacagaaaggagcgcgacgacagatga
>gene_54058|RepB family protein
atgtatccgcttcatagcgttatcaagatgaaaacaaagtatggaattatgctctatgaaatattgaaatcgtatgcgttcaaaggctcatatttggaatttccaatagaggaattgaagaaaagacttgattgcccctactatgataagttcgcaaatttcaaaatcaaagtattggaacccgcaattagagatatcaatactttcacagagctggaagtcaaggcggaatacaagaagacaggccgcagttttagcaccgttgttttcataatcaaggatttagcgaaaagcaagctaccagaagacaatgaagaagcaggccgccgctaccgcaatgtagagaatgatatttacaagggcatcacttccaaagaagcaccaggagagaaagaacaatga
>gene_40291|Possible mobilisation protein
atggcactccttaaatgtgttagctcaaacgcttcaatagtaatcggaattgattacattacgagagaagaaaaaactgccgagaatcttatttccggtatcaactgtagtgatgatccggaaacagcaaagcaatgtatggctataacgaaaaaagcctacggtaaaacctccggcagaacatataagcattttgtaatttcgcatgatccgaacgatgaaaggcaactgaccccacaggaggcacatgaatttgcattggaatttatatcgaagcagaaaatttttgatgggcacgaaatattagtagccactcatgttgacagagagcatgtgcacacgcattttatcgttaattcggttaatatggcgacagggaagaaatatcagcagtcaaaa
>gene_20938|Plasmid replication protein
gtggtcaagggtctgactgacaagctcaatcagcctatacctcaagcactggaaagcgtaaagggtgcttatgactatcttacacatgaaaacaatcccgagaaagcacattatgacaaaaaggacataacgtatataaacggctttgatatagccgacttcgcggatatgagcaagtcagagctcacgcgattgataagagagatacacacaataatacaagctgaggatattatcgaatatagtgacctgctcgattggcttatggaacatgatgatagtaatgagttgtatgctgtagcatatagtcatacaatcctattcaatagctacataagcagtagacgacacaagaaaggtggcgaacggactgaggtagaacataatggaggtagcaaatga
>gene_8992|Initiator Replication protein
atgtatgaactttggaatatcttatcgctaaagagcaagtattctatacggctctatgagatattcaaaagttatgcgtatcaaagggaaatcaccttggactttgacaccttgaaacaactactatgtgctgaacactatactttattctcaaagtttaggataagggttcttgataagagcgtatcagagataaacacctacacaaacttgtctgtgtcctatgacactatccaagaaggtcgtaatcataaagttaaggctataacctttactatatcccagaaggatagtttagagtcttataaagcctatcgtaggacagcagataagatatctaaaaagcatggacaagtagaaggtcagttatctatttttgatatgacaatagatgatttttga
>gene_44584|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgcgggcgattgctggcggcgatctgcctgcgcgccgcgacaaccggaaccagtggcagatcgagcgggaggcgctggaccgctggcgcatggcccgactggaccctgaacgggcactgcccgcggaccctgaccggacacctgaccggtccacgctggcccccctgtccgcgctgacccaggagctgaccgaagcccgggcgcaggccgccgaggaacgcgcccgcgccgaccagctcgaagcccgcctggacgaacgcgccgccctggtgcgcgcggccgaggcagaccgcgaccgctggcgcgccttggccgaaaagctgaccgagcgatcggctgcgtctcctgtcgatctgcccgccccgccgtcccgtcgctggtggccgtggcaccgcggctga
>gene_29819|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggaattatttttggacgtcaagccggtcagcaaaggagaccagggaagaaccgcctgcggatcttctgcttaccgggcttgcgataaaatcatagacaatgccggcaaccagcacgacttctccaagaagggtggccacgtggccggtggcgtcattctgcctgcaggagctccggaagatctgctcgatcgacagaccttgtggcagcgtcatgatcagaaggagatccggaaggatgcgcagatcttccgagaggttgaagtagcgctgcataacagcctgagctacgatgctgcagagcgtgtctgcgttgccatctcctgccggctggccgagatgggaatgtgcgtccagtgggacattcatgacaagacaaacgagaagggagaacgcaacctgcacgcccatctgatgttgtccatgagagatcttctgccggacggtaccttcggtaagaagaaccgttcctggaacaagttcaacggtggcatgaacctggcagacgagctgcgccccttcgctgctgcgctgatgaacgaggagctggacaaaatcggcgtcgccgatcgggtggagtatcagagctttgctgaccgggggatcgatcggatccctaccgttcacattggcgtcgccgcctgcgcgatgatgaacgagaaggacattttgacatataaggtgcggctgaatcagcgaatcagagaaatcaatgcggagcatatctcttatgtcgagaagttagcgaagtatcgggctgcgcgtgatgagttcacggaactgacccttcaggatgcgcaagatcgtcatttgggtctcgatgcaatgatagaaaaggccgatgctgtggggagagctccggcacctgttcccggcgccaaagaagagatttatcaatctatcaaaaaaataaatctgcaagctgcaggggtgaagaaggacagggatagaatcaagaaaatccgccaagcactgtatacatacaaaaaccttgccggagatcccaatattgattctgagcagaaggatcagttagaatgggcaacatcgtatctgaagtgggccggaataaaggatttctctccggaaggtgttgcaaaagccatagaacatttccgtgaatacaacacgggttgtcatctgcagcaatgcgagctgaaaaaagccagatctcaggcatataatgatttgtgggagataagagcaagggaaaatccaagacttcaaaagcagctgcttcacgacgatcgataa
>gene_52537|Rep
ttgagtaaagagttagcacaaggacttgacggaaagggcaaaaaacttcaatctcgtatttggtttttcagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacattgaaaaaattaaagagaatttgaaaggctgttccgcatcacaagtatttgttataagacacgataaagacaaggttaagcaagacgatggaagcactgttccaaaacgaccacaccaccattttgctattagatttgaaaacccttgtttgctttctactgtcgcaaatatatttgacttgcaaccgtgcgattatcacttaatacaaaaagcaaaaaacttccgtgcaagttgccgttatatgttacaccttgaccaaaaggaaaagcacctttacgacattaaagagttagaagttatcaaaggcgagaaagacgactactataatattgctatcggtaaggctcaattcgtaacaactgacgcagacttgtttcctgactttggggactttgacaaagttccgttcaagcaacagtatttagatattttcagtaatattgatgagccaaaaagacgaaacttgcttataaaagaattagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgaaatggaaagtaaaaaagtaaaggttatcttcgttgaaggtaaagcgggaagtggtaaaagtacatttgcaaaaaatcttgcg
>gene_38770|Plasmid replication-like protein
ttgagtaaagaacttacacaaggaatagacggaaaaggcaagaaacttcaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgatattcctaaaattaaagaaaatttgaaagggtgttccgcttcacaagttttttgtattcgccacgataaagacaaagttaaacaagacgatggcactacaataccgaaacgaccacaccaccattttgctttgcgttttgaaaatcctactttaatatcaacggtagcaaatatttttgatttgcaaccctgcgattatcatttagtccaaaaagcaaagaattttcgtgcgtcctgccgttatatgttgcatttagaccaaaaagaaaaacacctttacgatattaaagaattagaagttatcaaaggcgaaaaagacgactactataatattgctatcggtaaggctcaattcgtgacgactgatgccgatttattccccgattttggaaactttgataaaataccatttaagcaacaatatttagatatcttcgcaaacattgacgaacctaaacgaagaaacttgcttataaaagaattagaaaccacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggaaatatgaaatggaaagtaaaaatgtaaaggttatattcgtagaaggtaaagcaggttcaggcaaaagcacttttgcaaaaagtcttgccgtaaataacaaaaaaacttattgtgtaagcagttcttcaaatgatattatgcaggactacacctgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcgtttagttttgaagatttacttaaactacttgataattatgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataacaaattattcttgggcgaatatatcgttattacttctgcaaaaccgcttgccgattggtac
>gene_51429|Replication-associated protein
ttgagtaaagaacttacacaaggaattgccggaaaaggcaagaaacttcaaagccgaatttggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacatttcaaaaattaaagataatttgaaagggtgttccgcttctcaagtatttactataaggcacgataaagacaagataaagcaagacgatggaacgaccattccaaaacgaccgcaccatcattttgctttgcgatttgaaaacccgactttattatcaacggtagcaaatatttttgatttgcaaccctgcgattatcatttaattcaaaaggcaaagaactttcgtgcatcttgccgttatatgctacaccttgaccaaaaagaaaagcacctttacgatattaaagaattagaagttatcaaaggcgaaaaagacgactactataatattgcaatcggtaaggctcaattcgttaccacagacgcggacttgttccccgactttggaaactttgacaagataccatacaaacaacagtatttagatattttcgcaaatattgacgaacctaaaagaagaaatttgcttattaaagaattagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgaaatggaaagtaaaaatgttaaggttatattcgtagaaggtaaagcaggttcgggcaaatcgacttttgcaaaaagtcttgccgtaaataataaaaagacttattgtgtaagtagttcttcaaatgatattatgcaggactacacttgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcttttagtttcgaagatttacttaaactgcttgataattatgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataataaattatttttaggcgaatatatcgttatcacttccgcaaaaccgttgagcgaatggtataaggatactacggaagataggcaacaattattccgtagaatttcaatgtttgcaaggtgtcgcaggaatggtaattcccttatagccgatatttatttaccccgtcccgaccaaaagccgatagacgaaaacggcaacccgaacggaatgactattccaacccctattttagatttaacgccgtcaatggttgagagtgttgaggaatgttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaagatttagcaaagaaagttgccaaacctattcaaaagagttttttagaacccatagacgacgaagaaagccccttttaa
>gene_57139|Plasmid replication-like protein
ttgagtaaagaacttacacaaggaatagacggaaaaggcaagaaacttcaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgatattcctaaaattaaagaaaatttgaaagggtgttccgcttcacaagttttttgtattcgccacgataaagacaaagttaaacaagacgatggcactacaataccgaaacgaccacaccaccattttgctttgcgttttgaaaatcctactttaatatcaacggtagcaaatatttttgatttgcaaccctgcgattatcatttagtccaaaaagcaaagaattttcgtgcgtcctgccgttatatgttgcatttagaccaaaaagaaaaacacctttacgatattaaagaattagaagttatcaaaggcgaaaaagacgactactataatattgctatcggtaaggctcaattcgtgacgactgatgccgatttattccccgattttggaaactttgataaaataccatttaagcaacaatatttagatatcttcgcaaacattgacgaacctaaacgaagaaacttgcttataaaagaattagaaaccacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggaaatatgaaatggaaagtaaaaatgtaaaggttatattcgtagaaggtaaagcaggttcaggcaaaagcacttttgcaaaaagtcttgccgtaaataacaaaaaaacttattgtgtaagcagttcttcaaatgatattatgcaggactacacctgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcgtttagttttgaagatttacttaaactacttgataattatgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataacaaattattcttgggcgaatatatcgttattacttccgcaaaaccgcttgccgattggtacaaagatactacggaagataggcaacaattattccgtagaatatctatgttcgcaagatgtcgcaggaacggaaattcccttatagccgatatttatttgccacgacctgaccaaaaggttatagacgaaaacggcaaccctaacggaaagattattccaacccctattttagatttaacgccgtcaatggtagagagtgtagaagattgttggaaagcacttggaatagacctgcaagaccttgcggaaaagattgcaaagcctattcaagaaagtttcttaacccctattgatgacgacgaagaaagcccgttctaa
>gene_50652|Replication-associated protein
ttgagtaaagaacttacacaaggaattgccggaaaaggcaagaaacttcaaagccgaatttggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacatttcaaaaattaaagataatttgaaagggtgttccgcttctcaagtatttactataaggcacgataaagacaagataaagcaagacgatggaacgaccattccaaaacgaccgcaccatcattttgctttgcgatttgaaaacccgactttattatcaacggtagcaaatatttttgatttgcaaccctgcgattatcatttaattcaaaaggcaaagaactttcgtgcatcttgccgttatatgctacaccttgaccaaaaagaaaagcacctttacgatattaaagaattagaagttatcaaaggcgaaaaagacgactactataatattgcaatcggtaaggctcaattcgttaccacagacgcggacttgttccccgactttggaaactttgacaagataccatacaaacaacagtatttagatattttcgcaaatattgacgaacctaaaagaagaaatttgcttattaaagaattagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgaaatggaaagtaaaaatgttaaggttatattcgtagaaggtaaagcaggttcgggcaaatcgacttttgcaaaaagtcttgccgtaaataataaaaagacttattgtgtaagtagttcttcaaatgatattatgcaggactacacttgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcttttagtttcgaagatttacttaaactgcttgataattatgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataataaattatttttaggcgaatatatcgttatcacttccgcaaaaccgttgagcgaatggtataaggatactacggaagataggcaacaattattccgtagaatttcaatgtttgcaaggtgtcgcaggaatggtaattcccttatagccgatatttatttaccccgtcccgaccaaaagccgatagacgaaaacggcaacccgaacggaaagactattccaacccctattttagatttaacgccgtcaatggttgagagtgttgaggaatgttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaagatttagcaaagaaagttgccaaacctattcaaaagagttttttagaacccatagacgacgaagaaagccccttttaa
>gene_44784|Plasmid replication-like protein
cttcaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacattccaaaaattaaagacaatttgaaatcctgttccgcatcacaagtcttttgtattagacacgataaagacaagataaagcaagacgatggaacaaccattccaaaacgaccgcaccatcattttgctttgcggtttgaaaaccctactttactatctacggtagcgaatatttttgatttgcaaccctgtgattataacttgatacaaaaggcaaaaaactttcgtgcgtcttgtcgttatatgctgcaccttgaccaaaaggacaagcacctttacgacattaaagaattagaagttattagaggcgaaaaagacgactattataatattgctatcggtaaggctcaattcgttaccactgacgcggacttgttcccagattttggaaactttgataaaataccatttaagcaacaatatttagatattttcgcaaatattgacgaaccaaaaagacgaaacttgcttattaaagagttagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgaaatggaaagtaaaaacgttaaggttatattcgttgaaggaaaagcaggttcgggaaaatcgacttttgcaaagtcgcttgctgtcaataataaaatgacatattgcgtaagtagttcttcaaacgatattatgcaagattatacttgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcttttagttttgaagatttacttaaactacttgataattacgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataacaagttatttcttggcgaatatattgtcattacttccgcaaaacctttgtgcgaatggtacaaagatactacggaagataggcaacaacttttccgccgtatttctatgtttgcaagatgtcgtaggaacggtaattcccttgtagccgatattttcttgcctcgtgccgaccaaaagccgatagatgaatatggcaacccaaacggaaagcctattccaacccctattttagatttaacgccgtcaatggttgagagtgtagaagattgttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaagatttagtaagtcaggttgccgaacctatacaaaaaagtttttttgacgacgataaataa
>gene_43771|replication protein
atgctgcaccttgaccaaaaggacaagcacctttacgacattaaagaattagaagttattagaggcgaaaaagacgactattataatattgctatcggtaaggctcaattcgttaccactgacgcggacttgttcccagattttggaaactttgataaaataccatttaagcaacaatatttagatattttcgcaaatattgacgaaccaaaaagacgaaacttgcttattaaagagttagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgaaatggaaagtaaaaacgttaaggttatattcgttgaaggaaaagcaggttcgggaaaatcgacttttgcaaagtcgcttgctgtcaataataaaatgacatattgcgtaagtagttcttcaaacgatattatgcaagattatacttgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttcttttagttttgaagatttacttaaactacttgataattacgttattagcaccgttaaaagccgttataataacaagttatttcttggcgaatatattgtcattacttccgcaaaacctttgtgcgaatggtacaaagatactacggaagataggcaacaacttttccgccgtatttctatgtttgcaagatgtcgtaggaacggtaattcccttgtagccgatattttcttgcctcgtgccgaccaaaagccgatagatgaatatggcaacccaaacggaaagcctattccaacccctattttagatttaacgccgtcaatggttgagagtgtagaagattgttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaagatttagtaagtcaggttgccgaacctatacaaaaaagtttttttgacgacgataaataa
>gene_57998|MobC mobilization protein
atgcgcatcagcaacatcgaatggctgaagaaacggatcggattcatcaggaagctcggagaacagaccgcgcgacagagacagattattgacctgctcgacaacgaagacggactcacagaacaggaacgcaaacttctccacgtgctggcaacagcggaaaaaaacgacttacaggcacaggagaacgagcgaaaacagacgatccagaaacgaatcgagggaaaaaaacaacgacgggaacgcaatcaccgactctttctcgcggccgggctactgatcgaagcaggactggtagacacaaaaacaggcgagctatactataaaaaagacaagatattacaagtacttaaggaacttaagtacgatctggagacatccccaaacccagacgcgtaa
>gene_51989|Replication initiation factor (Fragment)
acggaagacctgcgcgtttttcttcctggtgcaactgacgctgtcaaggtggccgactactaccgggtagagcttgaactaaaggccgtcgatggggccgttattccctgggacgttttaacggctcctgatgagttttttgcgggcggtgctccctacctatcggatctcatcggatcggctcctgagcgccttcctgtggctcctgagcttgattcagtggtggagcttgagtcaatgattcaaaactgccgcattgcatacggtgggcttttcaaagcatggtcagcaatccacggcgactctgatgcggcaaaagtgcagctattcgatgaggtcatggctgatgtgccatctgatcggcttctgaaaaatggtgtgctgatgcttcaaggctga
>gene_28698|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgtggtcgggaacttctgtttgcatatgcgaagccaaaacaggaaatatcagacgtattgcaattacggacggcattcggagaattgtagagcagtatgaggcggtaaccccattaaaggcgaaccgcctttctgcatttgtgccgggcaggagaggaagaccaggagaccggaataagctgcataggacaacgttatggagacatttccagagagcagctaaaacggctggacttggcggaaaaggatacagcttacacagcctgagaaaatgctatgccgtcgatagattaaggcagaccggctcaatagaagaagtccagcgcgatctcgggcacaggtatatttccacgacgttgatatacctttcggatgcgctgattttgcgaaatttttag
>gene_55764|Replication protein
ttgacaaatacaaaaaatgggtgtatagttgatattgcagacatcaaactatatacacccagttttaaggagttgaaccccttgcaagattataatagcatttcagttttggaatgtcaagtgccacccgaacaagcagatagacttgaagatttcgtgggcggtatgagttggagagacagaaaagtggttaatgaatatttagcactggctttccgttcctttgataagagaaaagcagagagactcagagactgcagcacttttctgcaattcaaaatatatcaagacggaacgaagaaactcaattcaatgaatagttgtcatgtcagactttgtcctatatgcagttggagaaggtctctgaagacatactccaacattagaaaagtaacagaatacttgcacgataaggaacaaagacaatttgtctttgtgactctgactgtagagaactgccagggcgaagacctgagcaggactcttgacatgatgttccaggctttcaacaggtttaaccaattgaaagatttcaagaaagcattcaccggcttttatcgtgctttggaaataactcggaacagtaatcctctcagcaagaactatggaacataccacccccattttcattgtgttttttctgtgaaaaagagttatttcacaagtaggtattatctttcacagcaaactcttgcagaactctggcaacagtctctgagagtgaactattttcccgttgtcgatgttcgcaaggtcagaggtagtcttgcaaagagttgtgcagaggttgcaaagtattctgttaagacaaacgacatcattgttccagatgactggaacatcacctgcgaaacagcagaacttctttatagagctttggaaagaagaaggctgatttcatacggtggcgaacttgcaaaagttcgcaggcttcttcgtctggaagacgaagagaacggcgacttggtacatatagacgaagatgttcccacagaagaagattataaaatagtgaattatttttggttttcgggagtgcgagattattatggcatttga
>gene_28696|Replication protein
gtgtttgatacaaggagtttttttgttgtgacggatccgttttcggcctcatcagagggcgaaaaaataaaggagagcttcgctctccttttcctttacttgatactatggcattatctcctattaggagaaatattgcattttccccttatatatcaacagattccaatacatttcatcaaaataaaatgtatattgacaaatacaaaaaatgggtgtatagttgatattgcagacatcaaactatatacacccgattttaaggagttgaaccccttgcaagtaaataatagcatttcaatttatgattgtcaagtaccacccgaacaagcagacaggcttgaggatttcgtcggtggtatgacttggagagagcgaaaagtggttaatgagtatttagcacttgctttccgttcctttgataagaggaaagccgaaagactgcgagattgcagcacatttcttcaattcaaagtgtattcagacggaacaaagaaactcaattcaatgaatagttgccatgtcagactttgtcctatatgcagttggagaaggtctctgaaaacctatgccaacatcagaaaagtaacggagtacttgcacgaaaaggaacaaagacaatttgtctttgtgactttgaccgtggagaactgcgagggcgaagacctcagcaggactcttgacacaatgtttcaaggcttcaaccggtttaatcagctgaaggaattcaaaaaagcatttacgggtttttatcgtgctttggaaataactcgcaacaataaccctctcagcaagaattacggcacatatcaccctcattttcactgtgtattttctgtgaaaaagagttatttcacaagtaggtactacctatcgcaacaacgaattgcggaactctggcagcagtctttgaggttggaatatcttcccgtcattgatgttcgcaaggttaagggcagtttagcaaagagttgtgcggaggtagcaaaatactctgttaagagtaatgacatcatcattcctgatgattggaatattacatgcgaagttgcggaaatgctcgacagagcattagagcgacgaaggctgatttcatatggcggcgaacttgcaaaagtgagacgacagttgaaattggaagacgaagaaacaggcgacctggtacatattgaggaagatgcacccacagaagaagactacaaaatagtaaattatttttggttttcgggggtacgagattactatggtatttga
>gene_27494|RepB
atggataaagagtatttgagcattaaagagtttgcagagctggcgggagtgtcccaacaagctatttataaacagttgaacaacaagttgaaaacttatttaaagatagttaaaaacaagaaaatgctgaataaatcagcacttgagctatttaaaaaagaggaaaattcaagcagtgttgaacaacagttgataaacatgttgcaaaccgaattaaaccagaaaaacgagcaaatcgcccaactgcagaagctattagaccaagaacaacagcttcatgcaatggcacggcaagagttaaagctactggaagagaagagccaagaaccagaagttgttgagccagaaccgacagaaccagtgaaaaagaagtggtggaattttagaaaacgaatctaa
>gene_3057|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgaagtggagaattttcaatgttatgcagtatgaaaagcaccctgatacaggggagattttgctaactgaggaacaaattcgggttgcattgttgtctcatcggacggtgaaacgttgggcgtatatttgccatgataaggacgtttactcggcgttggacgaagagcaaaattctgaccataaagcgggagagattaagccgcgtcactggcatgttgtgcttgagtgcggtagtaatgttgagataggggtagttgctcgttggctaggtgtggcagaaaattttgtagagacagctaaaggagcaggcgcatttttggattgcgttcaatatttgacgcatgagcaggaaaaacagcaattacttggcaaacgtctttatgctgattctgaggtgaagtctaactttgaatttcgggcggagttggataagcgagcagagaatcgggcgaagtataatcgagacctgaacttgaaagagcgaattagaatggaagtattgctgaatggcatgacattacgacaggtcatcgacaagtatccgtacgagtaccagcaggattttgcgtatttggaacgttgccgtattcgttacatctcgaagatagctcaaatgccgaaacgtcggattaactattacgttgagggttcgggaggaataggtaaaggattgataagtcgggcgttggcacgggctttgattgacagagacaatttgctcaaggatgacgagatatttttcgaggtaggagcagaccgcacgagctttgagggttacgacggacagccggtgctgatatggaatgactgtcgggcgtcgacattgctgacgaagttggacggacgagagaatgtgttcaatgtgtttgacccgcacccggcggacattcagcagaatatcaagtacggctctattcggcttaacaacgagattaacatcgttaacagtgttcagacgtggaaagagttccttgacgagttggcagcggaatataagcgtaatggacaggtacataaggcggaggacaagcgacagagctacaggcgtttccctttctttcttgttcttcatgaggaagattacgatttgggcatgaataaaggcgtgtttgacggtactcgcgagtttgagcagtacatgatgtatcgaggaatgcaggcgaatatgcgtcggatagctgacaggtgtggcgataattacgagctgtataacctggagactaagaaaatcgttcaaccggttatg
>gene_52348|Initiator RepB protein
gaactccttaagtcttaccagaagaataaccgagaatggttcttcgacattgaggaattaaagcatctactggactgtcaaagctacaagaattttaacgattttaagaagcgagttttggaaccagctgtcgaggaaatcaacgagtacaccgatttgaacgtggcatacgatacagagagatcaggtcggggaggaaaagtaaccagagtcatattcttcatggccggcaagaataaacaagctcttgaagaaaccaatgcgaagatctatcgggagttggacggtcaaatgagccttgaggacttcttggaagagtacgacaacagtgttcgggcaaagttctggcgggataaccccgtcaaacccacagaatcgccgtcagacgatttttaa
>gene_54316|MULTISPECIES: prevent-host-death protein
ttggaaggttggggctgggaatggttgggcatacagataattaaaaatacagcttttttgtgcgtgttaaaatttgtaaaatatgtgtaccaaattggtttctttgttatctttgcagcagaatttcaaaaacaagaagcaatggaagtagtaagcacaagagaatttagagccaaccaaaagaagtatttcggcatggcgagcaagggggaggacgttatcttgaagtccagaaattggggaagctttagacttatcccaatctcccagaatgacatcgtgaccaacaagccagacctcaccgagcgtatttgccaagctcttcgtgaggtgaagctgatgagggagggcaagattaaagaactttcaatggatgaactgctcaatgaactttaa
>gene_37542|Conjugal transfer protein
atgagtgatattaaacgtgaattgagagaagcagttaaaaaccattggagcaaaaagcacaagccttttttgtttagtaccattgggggtgaatttaaaaatataaaatcagaagaggattttgttaatttagggaactggatacataagaatctaagcgagcttgatagcttcatttatagcgaccctaataagccagagtatattggtctggttcccaatggggaagagtttaaaccgggagaggagcatctactctcggtgaaatcaaataaaaaaaatcacactaatgaaaaaatagttctggacttcctttcggttctcaatgaactaagtgacgatgatttgaagcgtgtgaatatcccaatagatattttggttagacttatgaagtga
>gene_56401|Initiator Replication family protein
atggacgacaaaaccctggcgccaatcgacctggataccaaaaaaaccgtcaagaagagcaacgtgctcaatgaactccgcaacgcaaatgcttcgctggtagagtatcggcttttctgtgtctatctggcgcaccttcccatgaatcccgaaagcaacaccgtaaccttccggctcgcagactacgcaaagattgctggcctcaagcgccccaggaaggacgacctggaagcccaatcggaaaaccttgtgagcatgacggccaagctggatactccagacggtggcttccgcaggctgacgctcttctccgagtttaagcttcaccgccaggacgacgaatggatggtgtctctggaatgcaatcccaaaatcgcacccatgattagagaacagaagggcaagttcctgcgatacaagctctacaacaccatcttcctgaggtccttcaaccagcagcgcctgtatgagcttctgaaacagtatgagcgcattaaggagcgcaccatcagtttggtagacctgcgagagtttttgagcattgacgacaatgagtaccccatctggggcgacttctctcagaaggttcttaaggttgcccagcgagctctgcgggagaacaccgatatctgcttcgagtacgagcccatcaagaagggcaggccagtggtcgcagtgaagtttaccatcaccaagaatgccgccttcgtggaccggctgcaaattgagcagcatatgccagacaatggagaagcagaagactacgacggtgacgagctgcataagagagcgccggagctcccggaggacgacgagaatcagatgtccttcttcggcgttgccgacactgcagaaacgatttgtaaaaccctccttcccaggtttaccaaagggcaggttcaagaggttgcagctgcggttgctggatattttgccacgctgctgcctgacggggtagccccatcgaagggccaaattgccatgtacatcaagcagaaggtagcagctctgcaggcgcaaaaagaaaagcacaccgtgacgtatccagccagctatctcttgaaaataatcaggacggatacgcaggcaatcgtccagggcaacgcaccggcagcagaggccggcagaagagagctggacgaagatgaagtcctggcagtccatcaaatgatgtccgagccggccactgccggcaccgacccagatgtcgcggccaaagccgctgagctcaaggaaaaacttcagaacgcataa
>gene_17843|Putative toxin-antitoxin system toxin component, PIN family
ttgcttgttgtgatagatacgaatattttggtgtcggcgttgtggtcgaggaacggcgcaccggcgaaggtcatgagcatggttgtgcggggcgttcttatcccctgttttgattatcggatcatgactgagtatcgggaggtattggaacgaccgaagttcgggttttccaaaggagaaatcaattccctgctcgattggtttgagagcaacggtcgctcggtagttgccgatccgctggataatgttttcattgatgaagccgacaaaaagttttacgaggtcgcaaagttctgcggggctgtgctggtgacaggcaacctaaagcattttccggaagatccgcaggtggtaagcgtggcggattttttggagcggaacggcggcaggagctga
>gene_4620|Recombinase
atggatgaaaaaatgttttatgaccgtgagcattggatagcttttaccgattgcattgcaaaaatgaaacaaagtgatgtatatcgcattagccttgcgtatctgcttacgctcgatacggcttgcagaaagcacataaacgactgctttgactttaatgacggtgtaatcaagattgaagctctgaatcagccgtggcagacaagtacatcattaaagaccactcgtcttgcttttaacctctggaacggttgctatgatgacggtgaggagtacacagacaatgacggttacaaagtgccgctaccgtcaagcaaatatgcagtagaccagattttcagctcgtcattagcagaatattactggcaagcggtcaaattgagatttaatatataa
>gene_57918|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgagttacaccttgggcgaggccgcaaaggccgttgggaaaagcaagaccacccttcatcgtgcgataaaatccggcacgatttccgcacagaaaacctcaggcggttcctactccatagacccagccgagctgcaccgggtgttcccagcagttccccccgtaacaggcacagagtcgttactcgggaacagcacggaacaccaaagtaacaccttggaaaccctccgtctccaactggaaattcaggagagggaaaggcagcgagaacgcgaactcctgcaagaaaccatcgctgacttgcgcgaggatcgggacaggtggcgtcagcaggcaactgcactgctagaagacaaacgccccaaaggcttcttcaaaaggctgctcgggctttga
>gene_45450|Putative site-specific recombinase
atgagttacaccttgggcgaggccgcaaaggccgttgggaaaagcaagaccacccttcatcgtgcgataaaatccggcacgatttccgcacagaaaacctcaggcggttcctactccatagacccagccgagctgcaccgggtgttcccagcagttccccccgtaacaggcacagagtcgttactcgggaacagcacggaacaccaaagtaacaccttggaaaccctccgtctccaactggaaattcaggagagggaaaggcagcgagaacgcgaactcctgcaagaaaccatcgctgacttgcgcgaggatcgggacaggtggcgtcagcaggcaactgcactgctagaagacaaacgccccaaaggcttcttcaaaaggctgctcgggctttga
>gene_9246|RepA
atgaacctcgaaacactcgaagaccggaagaaccggaatttcacccaagtttaccccaagggctggcaaagaattactgcgatttcaaaaacttcacctcatgcggtgggcttgtacagttttttcgctgaaaaccttgacccgtcatgcggagcagtcatctgcgaccaagcctttttagccaagcaattttccgtcagcactcggacgattcggacgtggattgctgcgctcgaagagcaaggtgccatcgtgaaaatccctgtagctgggcggctttgcgcttatgccctgaacccgaatgaagtctggaaaggctacaattcaagcaaagattacgccgcatttgccacaaaaacgctcgtgaacagagatggagacatcgaacgaagg
>gene_53623|replication protein
ctgcaccaccattttgcgcttaggtttgaaaatcctacggtcttatcagtagtagcaaatttatgcgaattgcaaccctgtgattatcatttagtccaaaaggcaaaaaattggcgtgcttcctgccgttatatgctacacttagaccaaaaagacaagcatttatacgatataaaagaattacaagttctaaaaggtcaaaaagatgattattacaatgtagccattggcaaagcgcaagttgtaacgactgatgcggatttattccccgacttcggcaattttgacaagataccttacaagcaacaatatttagatatttttgaaaatgtagacgagccaaagcgaagaaatcttcttgtgcgtgaacttaaaatctcttgggaaaattatttagataaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaataaaaaagtaaaagttatatttattgaaggtaaagcaggttcaggcaaaagcacttttgcaacaagtttagcaaagaataacaaaaagactttttgcgttagtagttcaagcaatgatattttacaagattatacttgcgaagattacttgatattagacgatttaagggacgatacattcacttttgtggatttactcaaattgcttgataacttcgttataagcaccgttaaaagccgttataagaataaattgttcttaggtgaatatattgttataacctccgcaaaaccgctttgcgaatggtacgcaggaacaagcgaagataggcaacaacttttccgccgtataaatatgtttgctcgttgccataggaacggaaattcccttgttgcagatgtctatttaccaaagccaaaggaaagagccattgacgaaaacggaaagccaaacggaactccaattcctactcctataatggatttatcggaacaagatattcaatcggttgaagattgttggaaagcgcttggaatagaccttgaagaactcgcaaagaaaattgcaaagcctattcaaaaatcctttttagaagaaatagacgacgacgaaagcccgttctaa
>gene_50146|Plasmid replication-like protein
ttgacaaaagaacttacgcaaggaatagacggaaaaggcaaaaaattgcaaagccgtatatggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacattccaaaaattattgaaaatatgaaaggctgttccgctctaaatgtttttaccattcttcacgacaaagacaagataaagcaggacgatggaacgactattccaaaacgactgcaccaccattttgcgcttaggtttgaaaatcctacggtcttatcagtagtagcaaatttatgcgaattgcaaccctgtgattatcatttagtccaaaaggcaaaaaattggcgtgcttcctgccgttatatgctacacttagaccaaaaagacaagcatttatacgatataaaagaattacaagttctaaaaggtcaaaaagatgattattacaatgtagccattggcaaagcgcaagttgtaacgactgatgcggatttattccccgacttcggcaattttgacaagataccttacaagcaacaatatttagatatttttgaaaatgtagacgagccaaagcgaagaaatcttcttgtgcgtgaacttaaaatctcttgggaaaattatttagataaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaataaaaaagtaaaagttatatttattgaaggtaaagcaggttcaggcaaaagcacttttgcaacaagtttagcaaagaataacaaaaagactttttgcgttagtagttcaagcaatgatattttacaagattatacttgcgaagattacttgatattagacgatttaagggacgatacattcacttttgtggatttactcaaattgcttgataacttcgttataagcaccgttaaaagccgttataagaataaattgttcttaggtgaatatattgttataacctccgcaaaaccgctttgcgaatggtacgcaggaacaagcgaagataggcaacaacttttccgccgtataaatatgtttgctcgttgccataggaacggaaattcccttgttgcagatgtctatttaccaaagccaaaggaaagagccattgacgaaaacggaaagccaaacggaactccaattcctactcctataatggatttatcggaacaagatattcaatcggttgaagattgttggaaagcgcttggaatagaccttgaagaactcgcaaagaaaattgcaaagcctattcaaaaatcctttttagaagaaatagacgacgacgaaagcccgttctaa
>gene_52721|Plasmid replication-like protein
ttgacaaaagaacttacgcaaggaatagacggaaaaggcaaaaaattgcaaagccgtatatggttttttagtttagttgacgaagaaaacgacattccaaaaattattgaaaatatgaaaggctgttccgctctaaatgtttttaccattcttcacgacaaagacaagataaagcaggacgatggaacgactattccaaaacgactgcaccaccattttgcgcttaggtttgaaaatcctacggtcttatcagtagtagcaaatttatgcgaattgcaaccctgtgattatcatttagtccaaaaggcaaaaaattggcgtgcttcctgccgttatatgctacacttagaccaaaaagacaagcatttatacgatataaaagaattacaagttctaaaaggtcaaaaagatgattattacaatgtagccattggcaaagcgcaagttgtaacgactgatgcggatttattccccgacttcggcaattttgacaagataccttacaagcaacaatatttagatatttttgaaaatgtagacgagccaaagcgaagaaatcttcttgtgcgtgaacttaaaatctcttgggaaaattatttagataaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaataaaaaagtaaaagttatatttattgaaggtaaagcaggttcaggcaaaagcacttttgcaacatgtttagcaaagaataacaaaaagactttttgcgttagtagttcaagcaatgatattttacaagattatacttgcgaagattacttgatattagacgatttaagggacgatacattcacttttgtggatttactcaaattgcttgataacttcgttataagcaccgttaaaagccgttataagaataaattgttcttaggtgaatatattgttataacctccgcaaaaccgctttgcgaatggtacgcaggaacaagcgaagataggcaacaacttttccgccgtataaatatgtttgctcgttgccataggaacggaaattcccttgttgcagatgtctatttaccaaagccaaaggaaagagccattgacgaaaacggaaagccaaacggaactccaattcctactcctataatggatttatcggaacaagatattcaatcggttgaagattgttggaaagcgcttggaatagaccttgaagaactcgcaaagaaaattgcaaagcctattcaaaaatcctttttagaagaaatagacgacgacgaaagcccgttctaa
>gene_32819|Replication protein
tatctggatgagatgacagagaaagaggacaatcacttcacagaagtagatgttatagaggctcttgaggcttttgaagatgattttataagttatcctaggaatagtatcagatacaaggcaaatatcccttttgagccgtctgtgccacgcagagagaaaggaaaaaggcttaaacaaagagatcacttagaaatagcaagagcaatacagactatcaaagacagacaacaacaaacgaactggagagaggggaacggcagaccaaggggaagtagtcagcagaaaaaaatggtcgaagaatggcagaaaagtcatccggatgggaaaaaagccgactgtattcgtgatactggattgagtaagccgacagtttataaatggtggaatgtagcagcagaaagtgttaaggcgtcgaaagaggaagaaaagcaggtttggtttatcccatgtagttatggagcaaaaaacggaattatgaagtgtttatgggaatgcgagacgtgtccggtagatcaagaggagcgaaaaagattaaaaaaagaatttctttatagctgtagtaagaatgataagaaagttggtgttaaatataattttaaaaattttgcatcaatgcattatggagaaactgaagatgataaagggatgtgtgaaactttcaaacgtaagccattggaagagtggatggttggaaatgagagatcatgttaa
>gene_52092|Replication Protein B
atgaaatcagttggcaatgaaacatacctaacaatcaaagagttctcagaagctgcaaatgtgactgtccaagcagtttataagcgattaaacaaagacttaaacccttatttagtagagttaaaaggtaagaaaatgttgaatgtaacagcactttctttgtttgaagatgacgaggaatttaagccaaatattaaacctgatttaaccgatttaacaaccagtttaaaagaagaagttgcttatttgagacaacaattgtcaaaaaaagatgagcaactagaagaaaaaagctctgaaatcaaaaaccttcataagcttctagagaaccaacaagttctcaccctccaggctaatcaaaagatagaattattagaaaactcaaaaaat
>gene_20850|recombinase
atgagcaaaacttgtaccatatcggcttcaaaagaacccgatgtaaatctcggtcacaactaccgagaattcggatctcgcaactggccttcgcatatcgatcaggcgcgaaccgagatgaacgtggaatacacccaccttaatctcggtgaagtttatgatgaacttttctccgaatcagtaaagaaacacgatgccgagcagacacgaaaagatagaaaacttggatccgcatcagcatacctggataaagtaacaagatctaagcagcaatctccggtatatgaacacattctccaattcggagatatgttctctcatggctggaccgggcagaaaacaccagaatgggaagaagcttcagaaatgcttgatgaagtagccgagaagttgaaggatcgttatccgcagcttaaaacggtttgcttggtaaagcacttggacgaagccacccctcacctgcactggtcttatgttccatacgcaacagattatgcaaaaggcatgcccgtccgcgtaggattagataaatcgatgctgcaaatgggattcaaagctaccggacattataaaaccccttccgaagcatggcttgatgatgtcagaaacgtcctggtcgacattgccaaagagcacggatatacaatcgaaagtcccgtaggaaaaacacaacaccagcggatccaggagttcaaacgagaagtcgcaaacatagacgataagattaaggctctgcccgagccggatctgtcgcaggttcgccacgttccgcttcaaaaggataaggtcatcatatcaacagacgaactcgacaaactcaaagcgaaagcaacacttgtggattaccgtaactcactggtagaagctctgatgcgcgatattcggaatctcaaggacagagcttccgagtacgtccgtaaatgcaaagaaacccttgaaaagctcctcaaaaggctcgatatcgtttcagagaagtcggttcgaaatcttgaagcccgtgctgacagagccgaaaaccgtgtgcgctcgttggaatccgatctgaaggaaaaggatcagataatcgatcagctccaaatagagaaatcccaagctttcgagcagggcgttttaaccgctcgtgagaactggatcgaaatcatcgaacacttcggattagaccacaaaaaggaattcagagattacgtcaacgagaaagccggagaaaaaatcatacaaaatcccgacaggggaatgtatttagggcgttaa
>gene_18203|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtctgcaaaaagtatatcacattgtcagggtaagggaagtattaatcataataacagattgtttttcgctaaaaatgtaaatgtatctaacacaaaaaataatatatattttgtctgtcaagatatatcagaagcatatcataagtgttttgattctgcattatccgaatataatgctcgtcaaaaaagaacggatagaaaaattaaaggtaattattttaattaccttttcggaaaagacccttgtggtactgtcctgacttccagtgataaaagaaaaagtttctatgaagatttagttcaaattggaactaaagatgatactggtgtaaatactccggatgctaaaattgctacttcttgtcttactgaatacatgagcggatttcaaaaaaggaatcctaacttttatgtttttaatgctgttattcaccttgatgaagccactcctcatttgcatatcgattatattccaataggtcattacaagcgtggt
>gene_37550|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtctgcaaaaagtatatcacattgtcagggtaagggaagtattaatcataataacagattgtttttcgctaaaaatgtaaatgtatctaacacaaaaaataatatatattttgtctgtcaagatatatcagaagcatatcataagtgttttgattctgcattatccgaatataatgctcgtcaaaaaagaacggatagaaaaattaaaggtaattattttaattaccttttcggaaaagacccttgtggtactgtcctgacttccagtgataaaagaaaaagtttctatgaagatttagttcaaattggaactaaagatgatactggtgtaaatactccggatgctaaaattgctacttcttgtcttactgaatacatgagcggatttcaaaaaaggaatcctaacttttatgtttttaatgctgttattcaccttgatgaagccactcctcatttgcatatcgattatattccaataggtcattacaagcgtggtatgtcaaaacagaatggcatcgcacaagcattaaaagaaatgggatatggctctggaatcgatgcaataagtaaatggagagaacaagaaagaaaagttttaagaaaaatatgtaataatcatggaatagaagtaaaggaagaaagaaaatcaagagggtatagtttaacatgtgaagagtataaaaattacaaagatgaaataaaatcgcttgagagcaacgagaatgtccttaaaacgcgttctaagaaattattggacaaactacacgaagaaaaagaaaagctcttaaaattgaaatcagagctatcagaggttgaattacggttagggcggtacaaaaaagtggaatcagcaatagaagaattaatgaatattaatcctaaaaaaaatacatttatgggaaatgattttgtagtagacccgaaagattggcataaacttaaaagagctgctataaatggttgtacagcaatatctgaagtagaatcattaagaaaattagcaggatatgaaaatgcatattataaaatcaacgaaaaattaaaagaagcacaagaaaagattcaaatattagaaaataaaatcgctgactacgaacttgcatgtgaaagaaatcctgatatagaaaaactggtatgggaagaaaagacaaaagaaagaacggaaatagaaataaacagaagaaaaaaagtagaaaaaaaatcattattagaaagattaaaaatgactcaggacttcctggaaaaatag
>gene_7461|protein rep
atggccgttcttcctgcattggattacttttactctattcccatgcgagtaaagggtggtgaaactttgagtaattttcacgcaaattcattctatgacaatctgattgataaatcaagtactggaagggtaaatccgtgggcagataagaagcgtaaatctctgcttgtagccgaatccttccaacgtattggagagatcaagaaggcaatcaagatttccgactgcggaagcatcttggaatttctcttatttcccgatgaaaggaagaaactttataatgcaaatttctgcaaggctaggctttgccctatgtgtgcatggcgtcggtctctgaaggtgtacggacagcttgaaaaagttatggaagtagccttacaagaggat
>gene_6434|replication initiation protein
caaaagagggtcaaacttgctgacggtatcagcacctggtggagatttgaagctcagttgaggggttcaactacacaggaatgggctagctcagttgatgatttgctaaactatttcacctcacctcacttcattcccttggatataaaaggtgctaaaagggtcatgctcaaggctttactccagtcaccagatgagttcagacacctggacaaaaatgccaaagctagataccgaaagctgattaagcgtgtagctgagaacgatgagttaacccaggctatgcttgaacagtttgaactagatacccaggcactcaagattgagctggatagctggttaggctatcttgatgtaactgagaactacaatccagatgatgaggactag
>gene_30797|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgacagttagagaactcaagacaggcaaaaccaaacgcattcgcattcctgcaaaactgcttgatgaacttgttgcagtggcggggaaaatctacgtgtttgaacacaggttggaccatcgtaaacacagaacccgccaagcggttttcaaggacctcaagcgggcttgcgaggctttccgcctgccgaaaagcctcgtcatagctccgcacacgtgcaggaaaatttacagcgttaccgtttttgacaaggcttgcgatctgaagcaggtacaagccttgttaaatcattctgacgaggccgtaacggtgctttatgctatggcggacaagttgaccgaaaaaaagcttacgacccagcagaaagcaaaattgaagcgtttaagctga
>gene_42300|RepB
atgaagacatatgagcaggtttgtgatgtgattgaaccgctcaattgcccgatacctcagcgaactttgagcgttaaaggtacagttcgttatatggcgcatttggataacccggaaaaataccagtatgatcctgcgtctattgtgcctcatggtggcgtggatctagcagagcttcttcgtccaacggcctctgaacgatatggaatgattcgtgagatgtgtgagtatgtcaaagagaatcagattacagagtttcaagatttgatggattatgctatgacagaaaagtttgacacatggttcccggctctttgcgataactgctcatatgttgtaggtcaatacatcaagagccaacggcacaggatgccgggcaggacaatttaa
>gene_57212|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
agcgatatagacggctttaaagtgcatattagacataatctgcaaagaaaaggaaaaagagaattagatacgcctaaaaaccaatctagtatacgtacaattaaaattagtttattaacaaaaataagaatatggttgttaaaaaaatattatagtgattataattatgattatttcgtatttgggggctcaaaaccgttggcacctaccacgatagataggtataagaaaaaagcctgtaaaaaggctaatttgtacgaaataacgcaacatgaatttagacatagttacgcaacacgtatgattagtaacggaaaacctattaataaagtatctaaaaatatggggcatagttctatatctatgactttagatatttatacgcattga
>gene_41436|Replication initiation factor (Fragment)
atgaacaccaccacgacagaacgagtccgcctcaccatcagcgttacgcccgaggttcatgcagccttccagcggctgtcggcggcgtcggggatgtcgatcagccgagccatgggcgagtggcttggcgacacgctcgaagtggtcgagttcacggcgtcgaagatggaggaggcccggaaggctcctggccgggtcatgcgtgagatgaactcgctggcccttgccttggcagacgacacccagacggttctagctcgggtgagaggggcctcggcgggagccggtaagcggagcgcggcacccgccgaggccccggtccccccgtccagtaatacgggggggaaagtccccaagaaaccggtcagtcggggggggaaagcccgttga
>gene_12947|Conjugal transfer protein TraE /TrsE
tatacaagagtttacattgacgaagctcacttattctttaagaatcaatatagtgctgacttcttgttgaaggcttggaagcgtttcagaaaatacggcggtctgcttacgggtatcacacagaacatatccgattgtctgctcaatgaaactgcaagaggtatgctttccaatagcgaatttctgctgatgctcaatcaatcgccttcagacagaaaagatttatcggaatacttttaa
>gene_57157|Putative replication initiator protein
atgtccaacgaattagtacaaggtattgacggaaaaggaaagaagttgcaaagccgtatttggtttttttctctcgtcgatgatgaaaacgatattccaacgatattggaaaatttgaaaaaatgttccgcatcgcaagtatttagtattcttcacgataaagataaaattaagcaagacgatggaacaactattccgaaacgaaaacaccaccattttgcaattcgttttgaaaatcctactttgctttctgtggttgcgaatatatttggcttttcgccagaagattaccattttatccaaaaggcaaagaattggaaagcgtgttgccgttatctattgcatttagataataaagataagcatttatatgatattaaagagttgctttgcataaaaggaacaaaagacgattattataatatcgcaatcggtaaagctcaatatgttacaactgacgctgatttattccccgattttggcgattttgacaaagtgccgtacaaacaacaatatatcgatatttataacaatgtagacgagccaaaacgaagaaatttgcttgttgccgagttaaataaaacttgggaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaagaagaaagttaaagttgtatttgttgagggtgccgcaggtagcggaaaaagtacttttgctcaatcgttagcaatcaataataaaaagtcttactgtgtttcttcttcgtctaacgatgtcttacaagattacacctgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttacgcgatactacatttacattcgaagatttacttaaactgctcgataatttcgttattagcaccgttaagagccgttataagaataaattattcttgggtgattatatcgttatcacttccgcaaaaccccttaaagattggtatttagatacacccgaagatagaaagcaattattccgccgtattagtatg
>gene_27509|Putative replication initiator protein
tggtttttttctctcgtcgatgatgaaaacgatattccaacgatattggaaaatttgaaaaaatgttccgcatcgcaagtatttagtattcttcacgataaagataaaattaagcaagacgatggaacaactattccgaaacgaaaacaccaccattttgcaattcgttttgaaaatcctactttgctttctgtggttgcgaatatatttggcttttcgccagaagattaccattttatccaaaaggcaaagaattggaaagcgtgttgccgttatctattgcatttagataataaagataagcatttatatgatattaaagagttgctttgcataaaaggaacaaaagacgattattataatatcgcaatcggtaaagctcaatatgttacaactgacgctgatttattccccgattttggcgattttgacaaagtgccgtacaaacaacaatatatcgatatttataacaatgtagacgagccaaaacgaagaaatttgcttgttgccgagttaaataaaacttgggaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaagaagaaagttaaagttgtatttgttgagggtgccgcaggtagcggaaaaagtacttttgctcaatcgttagcaatcaataataaaaagtcttactgtgtttcttcttcgtctaacgatgtcttacaagattacacctgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttacgcgatactacatttacattcgaagatttacttaaactgctcgataatttcgttattagcaccgttaagagccgttataagaataaattattcttgggtgattatatcgttatcacttccgcaaaaccccttaaagattggtatttagatacacccgaagatagaaagcaattattccgccgtattagtatgtttgctcgttgccgtagaaatggcaattctatgattgccgatttatatgtaccaaagcaaggacaaacgattatagacgaatacggaaaccccaacggaaagcccattcctatgccgattttaacccttaccccgtctatggtagaaagcgtagaagaatgttggaaagaattaggtattccccttgacgaattagcaaaacaagttgctaaacctatcttacaagagattaccgaacaagaagaaatcccctttgactga
>gene_51697|Putative replication initiator protein
atgtccaacgaattagttcaaggtattgacggaaaaggaaagaagttgcaaagccgtatttggtttttttctctcgttgatgatgaaaacgatattccaacgatattggaaaatttgaaaaaatgttccgcatcgcaagtattttgtattcttcacgataaagataaaattaagcaagacgatggaacaactattccgaaacgaaaacaccaccattttgcaattcgttttgaaaatcctactttgctttctgtggttgcgaatatatttggcttttcgccagaagattaccattttatccaaaaggcaaagaattggaaagcgtgttgccgttatctattgcatttagataataaagataagcatttatatgatattaaagagttgctttgcataaaaggaacaaaagacgattattataatatcgcaatcggtaaagctcaatatgttacaactgacgctgatttattccccgattttggcgattttgacaaagtgccgtacaaacaacaatatatcgatatttataacaatgtagacgagccaaaacgaagaaatttgcttgttgccgagttaaataaaacttgggaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtttgaaatggaaaagaagaaagttaaagttgtatttgttgagggtgccgcaggtagcggaaaaagtacttttgctcaatcgttagctatcaataataaaaagtcttactgtgtttcttcttcgtctaacgatgtcttacaagattacacctgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttacgcgatactacatttacattcgaagatttacttaaactgctcgataatttcgttattagcaccgttaagagccgttataagaataaattattcttgggtgattatatcgttatcacttccgcaaaaccccttaaagattggtatttagatacacccgaagatagaaagcaattattccgccgtattagtatgtttgctcgttgccgtagaaatggcaattctatgattgccgatttatatgtaccaaagcaaggacaaacgattatagacgaatacggaaaccccaacggaaagcccattcctatgccgattttaacccttaccccgtctatggtagaaagcgtagaagattgttggaaagaattaggtattccccttgacgaattagcaaaacaagttgctaaacctatcttacaagagcttaccgaacaggaagaaattccctttgactga
>gene_57679|Rep
atgtctttcttctttaaggccgaatcagtttttcaagcggccgcttctttggctctcccccctttgctttattgcagagcaattatttcttcagaggtgatttttttgtcaatttctactcgtggcggatcttctggccgtcagctctattttgaaaaaaaggcttttcttgattcttccggattccctcttgttgagccttttgaattttatcgtgatttgtttcccgttggtagcttcgagcgtgccggcgctgcttctgatcagcgtggcaatggtgtcatttttcataataaccccactaatcgcaaacgaattcataccgaattattttttgatgaccttgaaattttaaaacaatatttcggcattcccaacgttattgtttcgccttgcagttatttcggaagcagaaaggcaaacaacaacgcgcatgagtgttttgcgattgcgattgatattgatgaagtcggcgaaaaggaactgcaggattttatttatcaagcacaaaacaaaattcttgttatgccgacctacatagtaaactcaggcggaggaatccatgtttattatgtttttcataaacccattccgatgtatccgaaaaacagagattttctgaagaatttaaaaacggctttaactgatagagtttggaacgcttacacctcgagaataaagccggaaaatcgtcagtatcaaggaattgtgcaaggcttccgcgccgttggtactgtttccaaatatggcaatgattgcattgtgcaggcctacaagaccggcgaaaaacttgacattgacacccttgtttcttcgcttcccttaagtagttattcagaaaactcaaaaaaggttgcaaaatctgcgcagcgttgcagagagctttttgaaaatccggcttatgtaaatagtctgttggccgctttatctaaaagtgagttaggagtaacccttgaggaagcaaaaaaattgtggcccgaatggtacgaaagaactgttgttcagaaactaccccctgcaggctgggttacaaatgaaagggtttattattggtggcttgaacgtttgaaaactgaaattactgtcggtcataggtataatgcgattctaacgctttcaatctatgcgaaaaaatgcaatatacccgaagaacagttaagagcagacgctcagagcttgtttgtatattacgattcgttatcaaaaaatgaaagtgaacgcttcctgcaatctgagcttgaaaac
>gene_54827|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgaatatccgtatatggcaagcgggttcgcgcaatatcgaactccaagagagaaaaaccgggaaacgtcgtagcgttcccatctcggccgagcttgccgccaaaatacgaacctatgccggtaaccgtcataggttttcttttttgttcccggcattgcggcgatatggtgcaaagaaaatgcaccgttccacgtattggcggcatttcatgcgcgcggtacaccttgccgggttcgatgatgcgggatattccccgcactctttacgtaaggtttacgccgtgcggctctataagcgcacaggagacctctac
>gene_55876|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
atggctagaaagaagattgaaccgataacccgtttagggaacgaggacaagctcacagttcagaagagcttgccactcttcgccctttggcggtcagaactgtcacttgcagagttcaaaatccttgatacatacctttcgaggatagatagtcacaagccagagaaaaggactgttgtgtttgaaaagggagaactggagaagcttctcggagtaaagcggataaggacagaggagcttgatgaaaggcttaagcacttgggaacaccgattagaattgatgatagcaccgctaaaaacaagcggtttacaagagtgtcactctttgaaaaagcgactgctgagcaagatgattatggtctttggcaagtggaactgaccgca
>gene_26922|Putative replication protein
gtggaggtggacgattttgccttacgcatactggaagaaaaatatccgataccgccagacttaatcccttcccctaatgccgagctgcaggcacagctggcagctgctaaagattatattatcgttctgcagaaagaagctatccagcatgagaagctgctggccaaggcagagttggataaaatcttgctggaagaacggaatatgcaactgctggaaagcaaggccacttgcgacgacctacaaggccagaacgccgagctgcagcaggaaataggtagattgacggcaaagctggaacaggccgaacaggaggcttccagagcctctgaggaggccgagaagctccgtagtcgttctctatggcagcgaatatttaatacttaa
>gene_15617|Replication initiation protein
ataaggttatcagaccaaatcaaaccctatgttttggagcttgagaaatggtttacacagtatcagctgaaaaatattcttgagtttaatagctattatgctattaggctatatgagattattaagtgtgccaatggcgaaaaaggtggctatgaggatagtcttgaatttgaactaaccgagcttagagaatactttgattgcgaaaaaaagtattctcgtatcagtcagtttaaagaaagagtaattgatgtagctgtcagagagattaacgaaaagtcagatatttggctaaatccaatttataagaaaactggtagaactattaccagtattgagtttgaaataaaaagtcaccgattagcagaacatcaaaatttaatctag
>gene_6727|Replication initiation protein Rep(RC)
atgtctcacatttcctctgactacgcttttatttttgtcactctgacagtgccgaacgtgcaaggctgtgacctctccaaaaagatagacgaaatgcaagcggcttgggataggcttctgcattacaaggcagtcaagcaagctataaagggctatttcaaggcgtttgaggtcacaaggaacaaaaagcggtcgtctccgtcctttggaacgtatcacccgcattatcacactgtatttgctgtagcaaaagactatttcagcggctcggactacatagaccgtgacgacctcttgaagctgtggcagaaagcgacaagagaccccacaataacacaagtcgatatgagacgagcaggaacaaaaaagaagcgtgagggaatg
>gene_56466|Replication protein
atgaccaatcgcacccgctccgccgctgaggcgtcgagcggggcgaatcaggacgctgccgcatcctgctgttcggtgaaaaggaccgccgcaggcggtcaagacgacgcccgcagggcgtcgaaaccggccccgtccggggccggaaacaggggccagaatggcccccttggtagtattgggacttacgttggccgctccgatgggtcggaagcggccaagaaactgataataaaagagaaatccgaaaaaacgagacaagagaagcggactcgtctttttgtccttcagcggacggctgcggacattcttgataacggcaaactgaacagcgtttcggcttgctgctacgcacttcaatggggccgcaccacggtcggcgtgatgctgaaacagtatgacgagtcacgccgggcgtcgttcgatggggtccagcggtgcggctcggtctggcattgcccggtctgtggaaaggtcatttcagcccgccgacgcgatgagatgaacaccgctctttcggtcgttcgtgctgctggcgggtttcccgtcctgatgacgctgaccgcgcggcacggacgccgcaatgctcttgctgacctgctggaccgcatgaaacgggcattgcggcggatgcgtcaacgccgggactggaaagcattcagggcgaaatattcgggactcactatcacggcaaccgaagtgactcacggcttccgcaacggttggcatccacattttcatatcttggtcatggtttccggggtcgatgatgaacccgaagccgtggatgtggtggaagccctgcgcggggcttggatgtcggcaatgacggccgagggccttagcgggaacggggccgctttcgatgttcgcggcgcgggtgctgctggcgattatgtcgcgaagtggggtgccgctgaagaacttgcgttcggtgatgccaaggaagcccgcaaggggaaccggactccgcttcaactgctggacgccgccacggacggggacgcggaggcccgcaggctctgggccgagtatgccgcagcgttcaagggcaggcgtcaacttgtgtggtcggatgggctgaaagcggcctgcggtatcggcgaggtcgaggacggcgaggctgcgggggacgagctggccgacgagccgcaggaagcattcaggatagacggcgaggaatggcgatgccgtggccggtatcgtcgcggccacatcctgaccgccacggaacgcggcggggcagaggccggaagagcggctctccgtgccgacgccgaggacattccgcgcacatacacgccaaccgccgaggtaatcgaggacgatgaccccgcaggttgggacttaccgacacggacggcatcaccgctgccgccgagccgtgacgggtcacgcaacaaggcagcggtcaggactcagggagggtcaatcatgaaagactttaaggaaatggcaagaaggctgaaatcgccgggtgaggatgagcacggtgatttcgtcgatgcgttcctgaccgcatatgagaaagaaggactctttcgtcatacggagggggaggagcaaggttatatgagcgaggctcacatggctgcacagggcgtcaaaaatcttgcgattgctttggttgcggatatggaaccggaagagagaatacgacaaatcctctacgccctgaaaagtgagcgtgagattgcggataaaatcgctcgtgggcgacaagtgcggattgatttcatggcggacaaaatggccgaggagcgaatgacggcttttgagtga
>gene_51200|Plasmid replication initiation protein
cctattccacaaccacttgaacagattaggggctattacagatattttactcataaagataatcccgaaaaatatcaatatgatgaaaaagacattggttctataaacggctttaatattgccgattatgttgaactaacaaaatccgaagttagtgaaattaagaagtctatacatagactaattcgtgaaaaaggtattactgaatattctgttttaatgagttttttagatgataatggaatggatattgaatatgaagtagcatctaaccataccttctttttcgataaaataatttcaagtatgagacatattgctgacagaggtggaatggccgtatgcattaatgtcaacccagatactggtgaagtagtcgaataa
>gene_28659|Chromosome partition protein Smc
atgggaaaaacgattaagggtatcactattgaaatcggcggaaagaccacgccgcttcaaaattcactaaaagacgtaaacaaggttacaagggatgtaaattccgaattgcggcaagtggaaaggcttctaaagctggatccaacaaatacgacacttcttgcacagaaacaagagctgcttgcgaagtcggtagaatccacaagcgagaagttgcagcggttgaaggccgcacaacagcaagtcgaagatcaattcaaaagcggaaagattgacggcggacaataccgggaattccaaagagaattagaagcaacggaagcacaattgaagaaggttcaaaaagaggaaaaggaagccggagaaaaagcgaagaaggct
>gene_17839|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagttacgatttcgggtatgacgggtgcggggagcatacggcacaacaaccgcagcttctcggcggcgaatgttgaccggagcaggacggagcagaatatcgttttctgcaacgaggatctgaagcaggtctatcacatggttttcgatgaagctctcgcagcctacaacgcaaagaaaaccaaatcaagggataagataccggactactacgagcatatccggcagagcaaacaggaaaagctattccatgaggctatctttcagattggaaacatgagcgattgcgggtgcggtacgccggacggagaacgggcggcggcagctctgaaagattttgcggagtcttttgcggagcgcaacccacatctgcgggtgttcaatatggtgctgcacatggacgaagcaacgccccatctccatgtggattttatccctgtggcaacggagcagtcaagaggactttcgacgcgggtatccatgaaacaggcattgaagcagcaggggtttgtcggcgtaggcagaaagcagaccgaatgggcggcgtggatggagcgagagaaagaggctctgacggagatcgcccagcggcacgattttgaaattatctctctcggcacgaacagaccgcacatggatttgccgcagttcaaagaagcggcggcgaggctggaagcggtgcagcagcagacggcggcagccgagcaggagcttgtcgagttggagcagcagagagaggctctgaaaggcactgtgcggctcttaaaggaggctgacagggtaaatgtatccctgcatgatattcagccggaaaagacgctcacaggggctgtaaagggcgtgacggtggatcaggtcgagcagctaaagaaaatggcgctgcggagcgtgacggatcggcataaggtgaaagaactgacggaggaaaatacccatctgcggtcgcaagtgccgtctacaaaaaagcggttggaagaagcgcagcggcagcagcggcttgaatatgaaaaccggaggctgcgggaggaaaacagctatttgcaatacgagttggaagaagaacgcagtttcaccgagcgtctgacggatggcatcggtcgagtgctggattacttggaggaacacttaccggagcgtctgcgtcctctgctggaaaaagcgagggagctgctgcccgatccggaaattggacggcagcaggagcaacagcagcaccagcgaggtatgggcggcatggagctgtga
>gene_6844|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgaacggggcacggctgctgactaccgcaggcgtaaccgcaaatattgaggtctggaacaaggaggcgcagtgctgccggccgaaatcccacaccaacagaggcgtatctgctaccgagataaatgggaaactcacagacatacgcaaacactttgacgcgatcgaggccagcctcggcaacgagcctataacctcctcgtacctacaggcagaatttgaaaagaaattcggacgcaagcgagaggccgcaaccaacaccgataaaggagaggttattagaaactttgacacattcgtactgcaagagagccgagccaaccagtggacagacggcactctggaatgttgcgccgctttcaagcagcatttattgcgatttggaggcgagagccttaaatactcccgtttcaatgaggacggcattaaggacttcatccactacctccgtgccgataggggcatggatgaaaagaccgtacaaaaacactactccaacctccgttggtatctttattgggcaatccgtaagggatactgcaaggagcaggcaatccacaactacaagccacgatttaagattatttcaaagcctgtcatatttctggacaaagccgagttattaaagctctacaactacgaaatacctgcaaacgggacggaggtatccctccaagacttggacggcaaggaatataaaaagaccgtcagggacgcgagcgcactgaataaaacgcgcgacctgttttgcttttgcgcctttacgtcactccgctactcggatatggcgaaacttaagcgcagcgacattgtgaacgggacaattaacgttaccactcaaaaaacaaatgacagtcttactatagaactgaataactactccagagccatactggacaaatataaagataccgattttccgcacggcctcgcgttgccggtaatcagcaaccaaaaaatgaatgactatatcaaagacctcggcgagctatgcggaataaatgagcctataaccaaaaccacctacagaggaggagagaaagtgacagaaaccgcgccaaaattctcgctcctcggcacacacgccggccgccgcacctttatatgctacgccctcgccagcggagtgccgccacaaatcgttatgaaatggacaggccactcggactacaaggcaatgaaaccttacatagatattgcacagtccgataaggcaaaggcaatgaacgtctttaacactctgtag
>gene_17713|Mob
atgccgatatcttacaccaaccacatcgggcacagttcccgagacaaacacagcggaaaaaataccgccatttctaccgccagcgacctcaccgcaacagagaaacacaataaccacgattacacggccgacgaagtcagccgtatgcaatcggatataaacctcgagcagaaacatctgaacagtcagtatgtactgcgagacggtcacatcgtagcagtcgagggacacctcgacctttccgcagaggtgcggaaaatctacgaggagcaattcgctgaggcggtcaaaatatacaatgagcaacaactcaaagcagggcaccccgaaagacaaatcgaaagttatttcgataagatttcagaggacaaacagcaggaaatagcagtcgaggggcttatccaattcgggagcctggaggactggcaagacaaaagcgaagaagaaagaaagagagttgttcctctgcttctgaagtgcctggaggacaccctcgccgaactcaagacggaaaagggtgagttcgtcctcgctggtgcctctgttcacctttgtgagggctcgccccacctacattacgtaggagtgtgtgtagcagacacgccagaggcaaaaagaggcttgaaaaagcgtgtcgggaagtctgcggtatttactcgggacagccttgggacagggctacaggacaatgtaagagccaaaatagagcccaaaatcgagaaggttttcggctggacatttgagggaaaaacaacgggcagaaatgtagaccgagacaagcggacacaaataaacgagatgctaaaaaaagagatacaagaaaacaaagagcataacgaagaactcaaggcacaagggcggagacttgtcgaaaaactcgctcctctgaaagaaataagcacgcttatggaatacaccgcagaagtcaaaagcatcgatgaaactatccaggcactcgaagaagataccgtcagggcaattcaagaagagcaagagaacggcacggatcctaaaacgctgcagcgttttttagatgttttgcaaaaggcgattcacaattgctcgcgtgacctctatgagcgaattaaacagttaaaactgtttgaaacgcttcacacgatgatagataaaaatgctgaccgttttaaggctcgcctggataatgtcatcagcacagcacgaaagaagagcgaggcacagaacacacgcccaggaacaaaccgaacagaccgagaagaccgataa
>gene_15619|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaagacaatcagcacacataacggttccgtagcgaaccgagagcataacataagagctgaatatgtagcaagaaaagaaccacatattgatttatcgttaagtaaatataacgaaatcattttagatataaaaccacaagatgcttatgaaaacatcttcggttcagctgtcgcagaatacaatgagaaacaaaaaacaaaaggtcactctgaacgctgtatagacaactattaccaaaaaataaaaaaagacaaaaagaaacaccctgtttatgaaatgatagtccaaataggggacagaaccgatacaggtattaatgcaccagcagaaaaagaatgcattaaagaatttattgacgattggaaacagcgtaaccctaacctagagcttatcggagcatatattcacgctgatgaaacacagggaacacttcacgcacatcttgattatattcctgttgcgtataactgcaccagaggattaataacacagaacgcactggttaaagctttagaacagcaaggttttgttggttcatcagctaaggaaacagcacagatagcttggcaaagaagagaaaatgccacattggagcaaatatgtatagctcacggtattgaaattaaacaccctaacgagaacaagaaacatcttcccacagaggaatataaactcaaacaaatatccaatgaattaaatcaaaaggaaaaaattttaaaagacttagagggtaaaattttatctcaaaaggaattaaacgcaatagagggcaaaagaacgctcacaggagcgttaaaaggtgtaagctacgaagaatacttgtcattaaaaaaaacagccgagagaggctttaaaacgaaaaagagagccaaagaacttgaaaccgagaacgaaaccctaaaaaacacagtaaaagacctgaaaaaagaactggaagaagctcgaaccgtgcgtataggacgagaacagctattaaagaaccaaatcaagacggatttagaaaaagagcttgagaagaaatacaagggatatgcttatagacatattccctataacaataatgctgtggttgaaataacaaaagggatttgttgcgatttcaatactaatcacgaaaaaaaggagataatcgttaaatgccctgtctatgaggtcgagaagttagacaaggctattcagaggtacgaacagcaacataaccaacaccaacagaagaagaaacagggacaaagcctgtaa
>gene_7097|replication protein
atggcagggaaacagcttaagccgcgtattctgtccgccctgctgacaaccagaacgatccgggacgcggcggaacaggcagggactacggaacggacagtatacaagtacctgcatgatccggagtttttgcgggaactggaaacggttaattttgcttgtttacaggcggcggcgggggcgattcagcgcggcatggaagatgcaataaacgtgcttcaaggggtgatgatggatccggacgcaagcccccaggcgcgtacaaacgccgctagaacgatcctggattatggtttgcggacttatgaagccctgcagttgcttcccaggatcgaaaagctagaacagttggcaggagataagtggtcactatggaattaa
>gene_22174|Mobilization protein
gtgaaaggggtgggaattgtgagcgaagaaaacaatttgatggctagcgacaaaatgcgtgagccgagtcgcaaagagccaaaacaaattagttttagagtgagcgaaaacgaatatgaaaagttaaaatcatctgccgaaactttgaatatgagtgtgccgaattttgttaaatcgaaagcgaaaaatagtcgactagtgacacctaaattttcgccagatttacaaaagcggatagcaattgatttgagcaaattatcaagtaatgcaaatcaaattgcacgagtagtgaacacaaaatatgttgagcatgatgatttgcttaggaatatcgaatcgttgagaaaagaagtgaatgagatatggcaacaactaaaataa
>gene_8306|plasmid replication protein
gaagaacaggtcaaagctctgattgagcctttgcatggccccaagcccattcgcgttgaatctattcgcggtatggtgcgttacttcgttcacgctgataatccggagaagcatcagtataacaaatctgatatattggagttcggcgggtttgagagttctcgtttttttgagtatgctcagggccagcgtctcgctatgcttcgtgagatgcgtgatttcatccgcgataatgaaatgtcggagttttctgacttcgtaacttattgtgaccacaatcggcacgactggcaggaacttcttgatactaattctgctatgacgattcggtactttatgcagaaccttcactttaaaatgatgggtgatgatagatcgtga
>gene_21693|MobA/MobL family protein
atgtctatctatcatttgacaatttcgaatgtttccagagccaaaggctcttcttcttgtgcttccctttcgtacatcactgccgagaaggtacacgaagatagaacaaatcaaaattataattatgggagcaggaaagaaagagtaatcgccaaggatacttttttaccagccgatgccccagagcagtacaaaaatccaagtaccctttttaatgatttagagaattttgagaaggcagaaaatgcgagaaccgccaagaaaattgaagtggcacttccacgggaatttgatttagacacccaaaaacaagttattggggactacatcaagaacaatataacatcaaaaggctatgcctgtacctgtgccattcat
>gene_28728|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggaactgtatttggacgtcagaacagtaggcaaaggcgataacggaagaaccgcatgcggatcttctgcttaccgttcctgtgcccgggtcgaagatcttgccggccgggttcatgactacagcaacaaagccggctatgtaaccggcggtgttctgctgcctgaaggagctccggaagatcttctggatcggcagaccctttggcagcgccatgatcagaaggagattcgaaaggatgcgcagatcttccgggaggtagaagtaagcctgcacaacagcctgagctatgctgcagcagctgacgtctgtgttgcaattggccgccggctgaccgacatgggcatgtgtgtccaatgggatattcatgacaagaccaacaagaagggcgagcggaacctgcacgcccatctgatgctctccatgagagagctgctcccggatggaaccttcggcaagaaggatcgatcctggaacaagtacaacggtggaatgaatctggctgatcagttgcggccgtatgctgcaaagctgatgaatgcagagctggataagatcggcgtcaacgatcgggtggagtatcagagctttgtcgatcggggaatcgatcgaatcgcaaccgtgcacgtcgggatcagagatgcgctcttggaggagaagggcatctacacgtacaaagtgttgctgaataagaagatccgggaaatcaacgccgagcatatttcttacgtcgagaagctggcccgataccgtgcggttcgcgcggaattcacggagatgacgctgcagagcggcgccgatcggcacgctggtctcgatgacattatcggcaaggccgtgcaacttggccgagttcaagaacctctgaagactgcccgggaggaagtctatcagtcgatcaagcagatcaacattcaggctgccggcgtccggaaggaccgccagcggatcaagaagatccgccaggctctgtatacgttcaagaaccttgccggcgatccaaaccttgacgccgatcagaaggatcagctggagtgggctgcatcgtacctgaagtgggccggtgtgaaggatctatctccggaaggaatcaagaaggcaattgagcacttccgcgagcacaatacggactgccacctgcaggaatacgagctgaagatggcaaaactgcaggcgtatgacgatttgcgcgagctccgggagaaggaatctccttggcgccagtacgatcgttatgaccgataa
>gene_35241|Replicase
atggggaagaccgtccaagtggccgctgaccgggcctacgaccagtccaggaccgtgctgcccgccgaggtggcgcgcggcacctacatgcagaacccgccggggctggcagcgctcaagctgatgcacctgctcatcgccaaggcaggcggcagaatgggcgaggacgtggagcatcgcgtccggctgtccgaggtgcgcggcgtcgaggggttgcgcaaccacgatcgcgccagccttgcgccgctgttcgcggagttgcaggcggccgtgctgatccacgacgacaccgagaagaagcgcctgaccatcggggggctgctcgcaccttgcttgatgcgcatgatatgtgcgcatggcgctgacaggcaagcggcctga
>gene_43717|plasmid replication protein
gggccaacttcttacaatgtagttaagtcattaaccgatagtcttaatcagcctattccgcagccattagaacaagttaaaggctattatcgttattttagccataaggataacccagaaaagtatcaatataacgagctcgagataacttcaataaatggctttaatatccttgattatgccgagttaactaattcagatattaatcggttaacttccgaagtccatgaatttatccgtaaatttgaaatccttgagtatagtgatttgctcgatttattggccgataatcaattatcagagtgctatcagtttgctagttctcatacaatgctttttaaggcttatattgatagccgaagaaacaagttaaaaggttga
>gene_30731|RepA plasmid replication protein
ttgttgttatatacttttatagcggaaaacattgatcgtgatggcggggtattagtcgcggatcaggaaactatctgcgaggccataggcgtgagccgcacgacgttgtggagagcaataacgttccttgaggagcggaatgccctgttgcggatcaccgttggcggctccgtcagtgcttatgcactcgatcccacagaaatctggaagtcgtgggatagtgccaaagagcaggcagtattcacgacgcgaacgatggtgagaaagtcggcccaatccgaccagatcaagcggcggatgcagatgatgacgaaggagaagaccggacagcagcagttgccgctggagagagtcgacccagaaacaggggaggtgtcgtga
>gene_8799|RepB
cgtgaattctttcaatcattcggtggagtaggttgcgagacggtaaacagtatcagaggatatgcaaggtacctgtgtcatttagacaatcccgaaaaaactcaatactcgatagatgatgtagtttcatacggtggagctgattatatccatgcgataggtaccgcaggagacaaggcaaaggctattcgtgaaatgatagcctggatagaagaaaacgatatcatatcgtttgcggagcttctccgtcatgcttcgattaatcggtcggattggttcgactgtttaataaattccggagcttacgtcactaaggaatacatcaagagtagatggtgggaaattcatggaaaagataaagggggtgaacctctatga
>gene_18293|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gatgagaacatggcgctggagtatgaactgaaccgccagaaggatctcatggcgaggctgatgcagcgagtagaggctgcgctgaacttcttggaggaaaagctgccggagcagtttcggccatatgtccagcgggcaagggcacatatcatgccggagccaaagcagaagcataggaacgatcgaggcatgagcatgggaggaatggaacggtaa
>gene_20719|replication protein RepB
ggtatgtatgattatctgacacatgaaaataatccagataaacatcattactctaaggacaggatacaatatagcgacaagtggaatcaagaattatttgagtgcaattacaatgcaactgtacaagattcaatgcttgatataatccagataatagatagagttcacataacagagtatagtcagctattaaattatctcgttgttgaggggcgtcaggatctattgtctgcctctaaagcctattgggtgataaaatatatcgatagtaaacgaaatagccttaaatcgactaaataa
>gene_20262|Replication-associated protein
atgaaaactaaagaacttatttctaaagaattaggaatttcaagaaagactttatataattatatgaatttgcttcatataactgaattaacagaagataacattttaaaaattaaagaatttattaaaaataaaaataaatctaaagaaatatcaaaagatgaattatttaaaaaagtaaaagaattagaaattaaaaatgctgaattaatgaaagaaaatgataatttatgtaaaggtcaagaagcattgttaaatcaagttgaatggtataggaatgaaatttctagtgaaatttctattataaaaaataatatgcaactattattggcaccacctaagaaaaagactttttttgaaaagttatttaataaataa
>gene_53067|Rep
tactacaataagagcatagcagaatgcaaattgcttatcgtgacatcttgcaagaaccttgacgagttctacgagaacgcaacgaaagaggacaacgagccccgcaaacagctttttagacgctttagcctgtatattaagcttgacgaggagaatatgtatattgcttattatgacgagcacgaaaaccgccataaacacacggcaacgagcaaaaaccctgttgcaatgctcttccgccctgccgtagctaaacgagtagcagacgattttataaaggctatgggcttggagattatagacgatacaaaagagcctgcggacaacgagccccgctatgagcaaatagaggtaacggatgagctaccttggtag
>gene_6868|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagtgactttagcaagtttggaagaagcataaatatagaggcgaatcctttatgcgatgaggaacatgatttgagaaaaaagtataaagaaagtttatctcatgttgacaatacaagaacaaaaaacaacatcgttttaagtgagtatcgtacattgtcagatgtctatcaagacgagtttaaagatgcgatagacaattataatgctacacaaaaaaggaaagatagaaaaacaagtgttgaggattatttaaataatttagaaataaattcagagcattataaaactttaagcaaaaaagaaagaaaacatgatacttccgtaaaggctcggtatggttttttagctactgttggcgagtttttggatactgggtacgaaaaggacccagaagcagcagctgaagcagaaaaggttttaaaagaatattggagtggattcgccaaaagaaatcataaatatatagtgccacagtacgcagtaatgcactgtgatgaagctttgccgcatatttccgcttcgcttgtttttgtgggggattataagagtgggcaaaaacgacgagtgagcgtaaatcaatccatgaagtgtttgggctttaaaaatctcggtgaatggtacaaacatgagcgagagatactaaagacgatagcagaagaacatgggttctgtataattattaaaggtgatgaaaaaagagaaaagcgtactcgtcgagaatatatcaatattcaaaaacaagcagaacggcaggcaagtgcgatgcttgataaagtagtagataaagcgatgccaattccgcaaccaaaagcgaaaaaaggcatgattacgggatatagtagcgaagcatacgaggagttatatagtgaatatacgagcgtatgtaagcgagtaggggagttgcgagcatatatcaaaaaacatgagttgcgaaacatggatgagctgttgcaacgtcaaaagtctgatttagatttgattgcaagcctgcaacagcaagtgagggaagcgacaagacaacgagacgaagctattgagaaggca
>gene_4881|protein rep
ttgctttctcataaagaaaatgagcctctcatgcgccaacatgaaaaaggctctctagacttaggattttgcgaatttcctaagacaaataataagcatctaaaagagaaaagtcaaataacagataattccgtgtatgaatcagaggaagacgaattaaaagataaattcgttcctaagatgaattcaaagaatgttctcgtaaaatcttttatcagattaggtcttaaagagataaatcaagattcagaaaaagagattgtagagggattcttagatagtacatatatgagaaatgtacttggatttactgctcgttctgtacgttgtagtgattgcggaaagtatcttatcttttctagaggtatttatagcactggggaaattgattcgagagcaaggcttaaacaagcatatttttgtaaggatagactttgtcctttatgtgcttggcgcaggactctaaaaatatttggtcagatatctaaaatcatagataatatgccaaaggattatagatatatatttcttactcttacagtccgtaattgcaagggggaagaccttagtaaaactattgataatatgaattcggctttttacagaatgaaaaagacgaaaagatttaaaaagtctattttaggttttgtccgtgttttggaagttactgtaaataataaagatggttcttatcatccccattttcattgtattcttgccgtaaataataattattttgataagtattgttccgattatataaatcattcagaatggctttcaatgtggcgggatgctcttagggattattctataaaatttgtcaatgtaaaggttataaaacctaagaagtatataggcgatacaaatataattagtcttgcttctgcggtagctgagacggctaaatattcggttaaagcttctgactatttagggatatatgataaaaaaggtaatttgattaaaccgtttcctaatgatgttatagactcaagagtaaaaacattagctttatctcttgctgggcgtcgactcgtagcgtatgggggatgcttctacgatatacataagaaattaaaattagacgatgctcttgatggtgatttacttcatttagaaaatgaaaatttaaatccttatattgccgaagtaattattgctttctcttggtgttctggagtcggtaattataaaaaaggtccagagagaataaatacattagattccgtttatgctggctaa
>gene_29130|Putative replication protein
atgccccccacacgcctgcgcacgcgcgtgtgccaaaaaaatattaaaaaagtgattggcagaaatgccggagagaggatgggggtgagatgccctgcatcgagggggaacggggagaggtggcatttctggcatgatcttttgctctccccttccccctatttcttttttgctacttttttctttggaggaacagtaatggctgagattgattggaaagctttataccgcgaaaaagaggaacatttgagtacatacctggagcaagtaacgccctatgagttttatcgggatttgtggccggtgggtaccttcgagcgtgaagggcacccagaggacaataaaccgaacggtctggctctgcagatatat
>gene_39993|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgcgtattgaaaagagacaccgaggagatgttaaagggcttcaaatggaagctaacagaaaagaagaacagcacaaaaaagggttggacttcgaccagtcagacatagactggagtcaaacagaccgtaatatattccttgtaaaaagtgcggactggctcggaaccattgacaataaaataaaagaaatagacgaacaaacaggaaagaaaacacgaaaagatgctgttgtaatgcttgacggtttgtttaccgcttcaccagaatttttcgagggaaagaacccagaagaaatacaaaaatactttgaggactgtctggacttctatgtacatgaattctgtcagggtgacaggtcaagggttattaatgccgttattcatttagatgaaacgacaccacacatgcaaatagcttcaattcctattctttcatcagaagctggagataaacttagtgctaaagttattatgggtggagttaaagactatcggcaacatcaagaccatttctattccgatgtttccgcccattatggtttggaacgcggcgaaacgagggagtcagctgaaacaaaagctcatacaacaaaacgtgaatggcagatagcaaagcaacaagaagctttggataaaaacgccgaagtgctccaacgacaagtagaacaatacaacgctgccaaagaagctatcgaggaacaagggcgaatacttcaagacacaaaggataaaatagaaaccttatcaaacgaggctcttcagaacatcaaagtaaaccgagcatcagacttctttaacagggatacaatgacagttgaccgagagagctataactctctttcagaggcggtaaaagctattaataaagaaactgaaacaatagcagctgcggaaaacatatctcaaaagaaagcagagctaaaagctattaataaagagatagcaacagcaaaaaaggagctttcagatgcagaatttgaccgtgacaatgtaaaagctgagtatgaaatgatgcagagttacatatccgacaacaagtctgggttagcgttaagaatagagaacagccagctccaaagcgaaaacgaaaagttaaaagaaaaaaactccttattaataaaaactttggacattattaaaaaaattgctcaagagcatccaagtccggtatcagacttcattattaataaaataacggatatagcagcaccagaaaaaactgtttcaaaaggtagacaaagataa
>gene_49798|Rep50
ttggcaaaaaaaggcaaacaagcaacgaagatacaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgagagtgaaaatgatattcctaaaatattggaaaatcttaaagagtgtacggctgtaaattgttttactattcggcacgataaagataaaatattgatggaagatggaacgattattcccaaagcaccacattggcactttgctattagatatgaaaaccctaccacaataaatgttttagcaaaatattttgagttagccccaaatgattggcactatatccaaaaagcaaagagttggaaagcaagttgccgttatttgttgcatatggaccaaccagagaagcatagatacaaaaatgaagaaatagtttgtattaaatcttctttaagtgattattttgatatttgtagtggtagagttcaaacaataacgagtgatttagatttgttccctaacttttgtaaatttgatattgaaccttataaaaagcaagtaattgatattcataatttagtttatgatgtaaaagcccgtagcaatttattggat
>gene_45587|Rep50
aatttggcaaaaaaaggcaaacaagcaacgaaaattcaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgagagtgaaaacgatattcctaaaatattggaaaatcttaaagagtgtactgctgtaaattgttttactattagacacgataaagataaaatattgatggaagatggaacgattattccaaaagcaccacattggcactttgctattagatatgaaaaccctaccacaataaatgtattggcaaaatattttgagttagcatcaaacgattggcactatatccaaaaagcaaagagttggaaagcaagttgccgttatttgttgcatatggaccaacccgagaagcatagatacaaaaatgaagaaatagtttgtattaaatcttctttaagtgattattttgatatttgtagtggtagagttcaaacaataacgagtgatttagatttgttccctaacttttgtaaatttgatattgaatcttataaaaagcaagtaattgatattcataatttagttgatgatgtaaaagctcgtagcaatttattggaattattaaaaaaatcatataatcaatatttagataagagagcatttgaaatggaaaataagaaagttaaagttatatttgttcaaggtgccacaggtagtggcaaaagcacttttgccaaaagtttggcaataaatacaaaagcaagttattgtatatcttcttcaagtaatgatgtaatgcaagattatagttgcgaagattatttgattttagacgatttaagggatacaacatttagttttgaagatttattaaagttgcttgataacttcgttgtaagcaccataaaaagccgttataggaataaaatgttcttgggtgagtatattgtaataacatctgcaaaacccctttgcgagtggtataaggacaccaaagaagatagaaaacaattgttccgtagaataaatatgtttgccgagtgtgaaagaaaaaacaattctttaattgcaaatgtatttgtatataaaaataatgagagttgcataaatgataacggaaagcctaacggaatagccgttcctacacctataatggaattgacacctcaaacggtgcttaatgtagaagaaacttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaagatttagcaaaaaaatttgccgagcctatacaaaaaagttttttagaatcgatagacgataaagacgatttacctttttaa
>gene_53095|Rep50
ttggcaaaaaaaggcaaacaagcaacgaagatacaaagccgtatttggttttttagtttagttgagagagaaaatgatattcctaaaatattggaaaatcttaaagagtgtacggctgtaaattgttttactattcggcacgataaagataaaatattgatggaagatggaacgattattcccaaagcaccacattggcactttgctattagatatgaaaaccctaccacaataaatgttttagcaaaatattttgagttagccccaaatgattggcactatatccaaaaagcaaagagttggaaagcaagttgccgttatttgttgcatatggaccaaccagagaagcatagatacaaaaatgaagaaatagtttgtattaaatcttctttaagtgattattttgatatttgtagtggtagagttcaaacaataacgagtgatttagatttgttccctaacttttgtaaatttgatattgaaccttataaaaagcaagtaattgatattcataatttagtttatgatgtaaaagcccgtagcaatttattggaattattaaaaaaatcatataatcaatatttagataagagagcatttgaaatggaaaataagaaagttaaagttatatttgttcaaggtgccacaggtagtggcaaaagcacttttgccaaaagtttggcaataaatacaaaagcaagttattgtatatcttcttcaagtaatgatgtaatgcaagattatagttgcgaagattatttgattttagacgatttaagggacacaacgtttagttttgaagatttattaaagttgcttgataacttcgttgtaagcaccataaagagccgttatagaaataaaatgttcttgggtgagtatattgttataacatctgcaaaacccctttgcgagtggtataaggacacaaaagaagatagaaaacaattattccgtagaataaatatgttcgccgagtgcgaaagaaaaaataattctttaatagcaaatgtatatgtatatcaaaataatgaaagttgtataaatgataacggaaagcctaacggaatagccgttcctacgcctataatggaattgacaccacaaacggtgcttaatgtagaagaaacttggaaagcacttggaattgatttggaaaaggttgtttccgaccttgccgaaaaatcttacgatactttgtttgatttagccgaaaagaataataaaaaatag
>gene_22027|plasmid replication protein, partial
cttgaaactttgaactctgttcgtggatatgctcgttatttattacatttggacaaccctgaaaaatatcaatatgatgtttctgaaatacatagtttatgtggcgcagactatgaaaaaatagcactatcagaaacagaaacaaaagctaataaaacaaaattaataacggacatgctacaatttattgaagataatgatattgaagtttacgctgattttatagcgtattgttcgcataatcgtccagaatggttggaaatattaatatcacgcaaaggcataataattaaagactatattaaatctaggtcatggactaatcattatggcttagattataatagattcagttacgacacagaaaaaagataa
>gene_22166|Replication protein
gtgaaagtgaggattaaccgtttgagcaaaacagatttaacttatcagcagtcaacacagacccttatcggaacgaagaaaaaggaactcatggatacggagaccggggagatcatccaggtcgaccagatcaccaagcgggtttacggaactaagcagttctggaaggtgtacctcatggacttccttatggttctgggcatcatcgacagtaagcagttggatgtgttcatctatattgcccagaacacaaactgcacggacaacatgtttgttggcaaatatgacgatattagcaaggccgtaaacgtttcgcgtcctaccattgccaagattatgcacaagctccagagtaacaactttatccgcttg
>gene_6589|replication protein
atgttgacgcccaggcagcagcgcggccttgctgccctcctggaaaccccaacgattcagcaggccgcagccaggagcggcgtatcatatccatgtttgcggagatggcttgcaagtgaccgggaatttatagaagaatatcgcaaagccatgaacacgctagtcggtgacgcagccgattcgctccgcaaaaatatgagcgttgctattcaagttatggccgacattatgaacgaccagactgcaagtccacagaccagattgaacgcggctgatagcgttctccggcaggggctaaaatatatcgaggccgtggatattctcgaacggttagaagaaattgaagggaggttgaacgatgaacgcgattaa
>gene_53962|chromosome segregation protein
atgggggttcgaaaggccatggctaatttgcaaggcttcagcaaaagcggctacgatgcgatgatcaatcactacacgagacaccaagacgacccggaccaaacgaagtacgtctaccgtctgagggaaaaggataaggacgggaggggccagattgaccccgacctcacgttcctgaactacgcgatattcgagagggacgacccgaaaaaattcgtacaagacatgatcgcctcggtggacacgccgatacgggactcgggcaaacgtcagacaaacgttatgtccgactgggtgatcaccctgccgaagaacgagaagctgataggtcgcgagagggagttcttcgagacggcctatgagttcatgaagaccaaggttcccgaggaattaatgctaggggcctgggtccacatggacgagaagggcatgccacactcgcacaacgccttctgctcgatcatcgagactccggtcatgacaaacgacaagaagcacccactgcgcgacggcaaggggaagatcaagcgtgacaagaaggggacgattcgatacaagcgcgtcccaaagctcgatgccaacgggaacccgattatgaagcgctcgttcgggcagtccaagatgttcgatcaggcggctctcaagagcttccatcctgaactcgaggcgtacatggagaagcacttcggattcaaggtcgggattgagcttgaggacgagggcgagaaaatcctgtcgaggctgtcccagcccgagtacatcaaggccaaggagacgctcgaacggcagcaggcagagatcgtcgcgaccaacgagcgattggaggtgcttcaacaaagcgaagacgagcttggagacacagttgaactcctgcaaggaagagtcgacgcggagcaggccgctgccgtcagccttggtgacattgtcggagcgaaggaagaaagtcgcttgcttggagatcgaattgacgtactggaagcggaaatcagagcgtcaaaaagagaagctgcagatctcgcagagcaaactcgacgagttgatggagatgtgggacgagagctggtcggacttgaggagcgccgaggaagagctgcaagcctcagaaaacaggcgctcgtcaatgaccgagagagcagcagactggaaaaggtctgcagcgtcctttctggggctctgaacaggccctcaggaagaatcgaggccgttatccaagccctgacactatgcatccgcacggacgatttcaggaggtcgacgtggccatctgagcagaaggccgccgccgaggccgaagcccgcgacgagatggcccaaatcaagcccgcgccggcagaggggcgggtccgtcaggcgctcgccaaggccgaggccggacttgagaagctgaagtgcatcatccgtcacggctttaggccggcgaaaggcaggttcgaggagacgaaacgggagatcgcgcagcttgaaacccagacacccgaggcgatgcaggagcaacgaaacttcgaggcccagcgcttcatcgacgtctacgccgcgagcatccagagggctcgcggtccagaaaaggctgatctgatagcgaaattgggcgaaatcgccaacgaccgctcactcagcggacgcgtccgcagctcagcgtcgaggcgaatcagctggattaaggacggggcgccgtccggggcgcccgcaggcgccggaacgcccgcgccgacccagcacaggggcccgcaggccacgtatggcggcgaagcccgcaccatcgagcgtggagcccgctag
>gene_15427|Recombinase
gtgcgcgactacaaggagatgcccaagcacatcgatccgcagcgtagcaaggataatgttgtgcttgtggacgtccccttgtggaaggcgtatcgcgacatattcggcgatgcaatcgacgaatataacgccaagcagaagcgagctgaccgccagtacaaaggcggtgcgcaggcgtatctcaaagagatcatgcaggagaaaggcgagatggcgcgcaagcctttctacgagacgttcgtgcagatcggtgaccgcaacgacaccggcttgcatgactgcagcaaagaacgtgaggcactgatggagtatatgatcacgttccaggaacgtaacccgcaccttaaggtgatcggagcgtacctgcacgccgatgagccgaacggtaccgttcatggacacatcgactgggtacccgttgcagatggctacaaacgcggatttgctgttcagaacggtctgaaacgtgcgctggagcagcaaggcttcaaaggcacgtcgaagaagtacaacgcctatctcggatggcagctttcggaacgtgaagccctccgagagatctgccgcaagtatgagatagagccaaagcaaagcaagggtgaaggcagagcgtggcttgacaaggatacctatgtagctcagaagcaatacgaggaagccctccagaaggcttcagaagcctctgagagagccgagaaggcagaaagcagggtgaaagccttagaacgtgaattagaggctcacaaggccgctgtggtggatcttagggacatggacgatcttgccgatcgggcacgtaagacgttgtttaccggaaaaatcgtgagaaacaaaaaggacgacgaggtgttgagaaaggctgcagcacacggtgcaacgttcgatcaccagctgaggcgtacgcaggaagcgctggaggcggaacggagccggcacaacgtaacacgtgatgagttgaaacgtacgcgcagcgcatttacggagttacagcggaatgttggtcggacagcacacaagatcaaatctgcagccaaagagttgacgtcgccggtattgactgatgaggaacgtcgaaagttggtcatacagcatttcgacgcaatagcggcagaattcgcacgaacgcacgcgaaagaactgcgcgaatttgagcttgcagaacgtcagaaggagcgtgaccttgaacgtcaagcgagcgccgagcatgccagcaagacaagagttagaaccaaagaacgttga
>gene_33850|Predicted plasmid replication initiation protein
atgggtagaacgacaaatgccgttatatgcagttatacgacgttgtgtgaggtcactggagttagcagaccaaccattggaagggctataaaacttctgaaagacgagaactggatcgatgcagttaaggttggtaacgctaacgcttactgcgtgaacgaacgtgtgttctggcaatcaggaaggaaccaaaggcaatatgcaatattctctgcaacagtgattgcctctgcttcggagcaagatagcaacttccaagaaaaggcaaaacacaagctcacgtacataccagtaattgggaaaacggacattgtaataactggtgatgacaagctaccaccgccagatcaaggtgacttagaactgctttag
>gene_29657|Replication initiator
atgttagcaactcgcacagctgatcccaaaaagcctgtgaaaatagtttctaaatctccttttcttgatcgccctactacagatttattgtgtactttggttactgtcgatcctttgactggtgaagctgaaaatgattttttcctagttccttgcggtaagtgtataggttgccgtttggattattctcgcgcttgggctgatcgtatgactatggaagcaatgcaatatcctaaaggccgaagctggtttttaactcttacttatgatgatgatcatctaacttttggtgcacatgggcgtcctactttgtgtcctgaggatttaactctttttttgaagcgttttcggaaaaatttttcttcctgg
>gene_41113|replication protein
atgtggaagcagtcgttgggtttgaactatgatcctgaagttgatatccggcgagtacgtcaagataagattgagcgtcgagcggtgcgtgagatggcgaagtacacaaccaagtctacagacatcacgcggattaagaacaaggctatgagagatgaggtcttatatactcttgctgaagcactacatggtaggagactctgtgccttcgggggggtcttgcaatctatatcacgatcactaaagcaagatcatctcggagagggtgatcttgtgcatatcgatgatgataagaccattcgttccgatgtactcgaaggacttatatactatcattggcatcgggataagggtaagtatatccgtgaataa
>gene_31597|Tyrosine recombinase XerC 1
atgctgaccgatgattttctttcctggatttcaggcgtaaggcgatattctgaaaggacatgcgaaatatattcggatgtcctgaaggagttcatgaagttcctttccggatatgcggcgggcagtgacgcaggctgtgacaatgacattgccccggatgcattggcaaaggtcttgaccgtcagcgtcatccgcgactacgaattcagcctgagcgaagagcggaaactcagcgggcacaccgtaagccagcatctttcagtgataagcagcttctggaatatgtcctgcctcagctcggaaagcttaaaggtgtcgagaccgtggacggacgcgggcacaaggataatttctcgcatacgctccaggtag
>gene_13004|replication protein
atgggcgttcgttccgtcaccacagtaaaggctgccttggcggtgctagctgaagatcgttggatcgaaattcgtcaaattggtcagaacggcacagtgaacgcttatgttctgaatgaccgtgtagtttggtctggcccacgagatggcatccgctacagcctgttctccgcagccgtagttctgtccgatgaggaacagcccgatcgtgccgagctgggcaaacaggaaccgctgcggcaggtgcctagcctgttccaaggggaagcccagctccctaccggtcctggccttgacccgccgtctcagccgttcttgggcgggatggagccggaccttcccgccactcgccgtgcggatgatgagccgtga
>gene_55472|RepB protein
atggcaaaaacagacaaacaccgatacttcaatttccttgtttatcctgaaagtgcacccgaagattggcaaagcctgttgaaagaaacgctctgcccttttgcgatttcccctcttcattcgcctgatgaaaaggatgcaaagccgcatcatcacgtgatgttttattctccggggccgattaccctcgaaaacgcttatagcgttgttccggaaagcgttccggcgaatggtctcatcgaatgggcaaagagtccggcgggttctcaacggtatctgattcacctcgatgaccccgaaaaagagcagttccagcagggtgcaaaatctatcatcgtcttaaacggttttccgctggatctcacaagg
>gene_54383|replication protein B
atgacgatcaaagagcttgcaaaagagctgggcatatccacacaagcaatttatcaacgtattaaagcttcaggaatacagcttgatagcctaaaagagccgggcagccaagagttaagcgaagaaggcagaaagcagcttgcacagctttttaccaagcagcaatcaacaaatgatgatttacaaaaaactttacagacagaaaacgagtttctaaagcagcgctgtaaagagcttgaggcagatcgcgaccgatggcagcaggccgcagaacaggcgcagcagctcgccgcacaggcccaggcgctttcattggcccggctaccggctccgcgcaggtcgcttttagactggctaaggggcaagaagtaa
>gene_29335|Rep protein
atggtgaaggtttccgtcatcgaagaaaaagaccgtaattataacaagaacgaccttgtaaagactactgtttgcggtaacatcgtggagcttatggagacagagcacaggtcaaaaggctgtaccatcaaaaggcttggtggtgattggtattgtcttgcgaacgcatacgatgaagaaacaggagaagtgcatggagaagtcatgcagatggagaggacagagaacagaggacagaacataaaaggcatgagaaaaagcatgaaggctttgcgtgatctgattaactgtaatgtcctgcagccaagtttttgccgttgggttactctgacttatgccgagaacatgacggatccagagcgattg
>gene_36677|Mobilization protein mbeC
atgggggatttgttagggggaatgataccgatgaaacgcgagaagatgctcacgatacgggttaccgatgaggagcacgcccggttactggaacgctgcgagggtaaacgactggcggaatggatgcggcgggtctgtctgggggagccggttgcacgcacaggaaaactgccgacactatcgccgccattgctgcggcatctggctgccatcgggaacaacctgaaccagacagcccggaaggtgaacagcggccagtggtcttcgattgaccgggttcatgtggtggccgcactgatggccatcgagggtgaattgcgccagttgcggcaggctgtcagggaacagggggtacgggatgatagttaa
>gene_54685|Mobilization protein
atggcattcagttacagttttcacatcagctcaaaagggcattcggtaagcactaaaggaaaagtgaatcaagtaggacggcacaatctgagggaatacaaaacggacgaatacaacaaggacaaaatagatgtgttggtgggtgagggttctatgcttgagtgcattgaaaaagtttatcaccgtgagtttgatgaggctttggaaaaatataaccagggaaaaagagaggacagaaaaatcgccaactatcttgaccatgtagacaagtcaaggaatgatgtggcggttgaaatcataatccaaatcggcgatagggatttttgggaagatgtgagtgagggcgataaaagaaaaatgagtggggtgttccaagaccaactggacgagttggagagaatcttgccaaatttcaaagttgcgtctgctgtggctcattatgacgaatcaagcccacatttacacgttgttggcgttcctgtggctactggctatcaaaaaggcatggaaaaacaatgtgccaaaacaaaggtctttacaaaagaatcccttgaaatgatacaagatgtaatgcaccaaaacgcccaacggaacatagacaagcaccccgaaatcttcgggaaaatggaattagaagaaaaaacagtcggcagaaacaaagacatacccaagcaatcattgaatgaatactacgaactgcaagaggctcttgtgatgacagagggggcattgatagaccaagacattgcactaaagcagaccataaccgaaaaagagcgtctggaagaggatatagacgcattggaaagcaagagggaaatgttagagcatggcaacagtacgctcataaaagacgctgagaggctcatagaggacgttgaaaggcttgtgacgaagaaaagcaccctagagaatgaaataaacgtcctagaggcaaataaggacgttttagaggctaacgaacaagttcttgttaaaagattcttagctttaccaaaagtaaagtctttgtttgataggttcaaagaactgtggcaagaggaagtcgagcgaagaaaagagcagagagaggaacggcaaaccattcatcaagagaacaagaaaagtgtgttaggaacacttgcagactacgaaaagcagatagcagccatgcgacaacaaggcaatagtggtttgtttggagaacgtcataacagtaacaataagaccaaaacaaacagaggacatgatgacagataa
>gene_50526|Mobilization protein
atggcattcagttacagttttcacatcagctcaaaagggcattcggtaagcactaaaggaaaagtgaatcaagtaggacggcacaatctgagggaatacaaaacggacgaatacaacaaggacaaaatagatgtgttggtgggtgagggttctatgcttgagtgcattgaaaaagtttatcaccgtgagtttgatgaggctttggaaaaatataaccagggaaaaagagaggacagaaaaatcgccaactatcttgaccatgtagacaagtcaaggaatgatgtggcggttgaaatcataatccaaatcggcgatagggatttttgggaagatgtgagtgagggcgataaaagaaaaatgagtggggtgttccaagaccaactggacgagttggagagaatcttgccaaatttcaaagttgcgtctgctgtggctcattatgacgaatcaagcccacatttacacgttgttggcgttcctgtggctactggctatcaaaaaggcatggaaaaacaatgtgccaaaacaaaggtctttacaaaagaatcccttgaaatgatacaagatgtaatgcaccaaaacgcccaacggaacatagacaagcaccccgaaatcttcgggaaaatggaattagaagaaaaaacagtcggcagaaacaaagacatacccaagcaatcattgaatgaatactacgaactgcaagaggctcttgtgatgacagagggggcattgatagacaaagacattgcactaaagcagaccataaccgaaaaagagcgtctggaagaggatatagacgcattggaaagcaagagggaaatgttagagcatggcaacagtacgctcataaaagacgctgagaggctcatagaggacgttgaaaggcttgtgacgaagaaaagcaccctagagaatgaaataaacgtcctagaggcaaataaggacgttttagaggctaacgaacaagttcttgttaaaagattcttagctttaccaaaagtaaagtctttgtttgataggttcaaagaactgtggcaagaggaagtcgagcgaagaaaagagcagagagaggaacggcaaaccattcatcaagagaacaagaaaagtgtgttaggaacacttgcagactacgaaaagcagatagcagccatgcgacaacaaggcaatagtggtttgtttggagaacgtcataacagtaacaataagaccaaaacaaacagaggacatgatgacagataa
>gene_13853|Mobilization protein
atggcattcagttacagttttcacatcagctcaaaagggcattcggtaagcactaaaggaaaagtgaatcaagtaggacggcacaatctgagggaatacaaaacggacgaatacaacaaggacaaaatagatgtgttggtgggtgagggttctatgcttgagtgcattgaaaaagtttatcaccgtgagtttgatgaggctttggaaaaatataaccagggaaaaagagaggacagaaaaatcgccaactatcttgaccatgtagacaagtcaaggaatgatgtggcggttgaaatcataatccaaatcggcgatagggatttttgggaagatgtgagtgagggcgataaaagaaaaatgagtggggtgttccaagaccaactggacgagttggagagaatcttgccaaatttcaaagttgcgtctgctgtggctcattatgacgaatcaagcccacatttacacgttgttggcgttcctgtggctactggctatcaaaaaggcatggaaaaacaatgtgccaaaacaaaggtctttacaaaagaatcccttgaaatgatacaagatgtaatgcaccaaaacgcccaacggaacatagacaagcaccccgaaatcttcgggaaaatggaattagaagaaaaaacagtcggcagaaacaaagacatacccaagcaatcattgaatgaatactacgaactgcaagaggctcttgtgatgacagagggggcattgatagaccaagacattgcactaaagcagaccataaccgaaaaagagcgtctggaagaggatatagacgcattggaaagcaagagggaaatgttagagcatggcaacagtacgctcataaaagacgctgagaggctcatagaggacgttgaaaggcttgtgacgaagaaaagcaccctagagaatgaaataaacgtcctagaggcaaataaggacgttttagaggctaacgaacaagttcttgttaaaagattcttagctttaccaaaagtaaagtctttgtttgataggttcaaagaactgtggcaagaggaagtcgagcgaagaaaagagcagagagaggaacggcaaaccattcatcaagagaacaagaaaagtgtgttaggaacacttgcagactacgaaaagcagatagcagccatgcgacaacaaggcaatagtggtttgtttggagaacgtcataacagtaacaataagaccaaaacaaacagaggacatgatgacagataa
>gene_18295|RelB antitoxin
atgtttcataaaatatttgcaatgcacttgcaaatagactggatattgaatatactaatggtgcaagctaagaatgacgaagaaaggagtgctatatgtatggctaaaggaaatatgacgctgagaatggagccggagctgaaagcgcaggcggcagctctctttaagtctcttggaatggatttgagtacggcaacgggaattttttatcgccaggcacttaggtgtcatggccttccctttgaggttaaggttgacgagccgaatgctgttacctatgctgcaatggaagcggctgaaaagggagaggatatgtatggcccgtttgatagcgttgccgatttgatgagggcgcttaatgcttaa
>gene_34261|Rep protein
ttgcaggtcgatgtccgtaagatcacagcagatgagagcaagagctccgcagagatcgcggctgcgcttgaggtgtctaagtatgcggttaagactactgattacatagtcccggacgactgggacttgacggaggatacagtccgcgtgcttgatgacgcgctggataatcgtcgttttttgagctggggcggtgtcttctcgtcggcgcggcgggcgcttgatcaggatgatgcagatacaggcgaccttgtgcgcttgtccggcaaggatgacttgtcgtcttaccttgtcgttatgtacggctggtcttatgggtacaaggagtacaagccaatcgagcatacatcagatattgtgtattga
>gene_2217|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
gattgtgtatgtacatttaaaggcttaaataaggcattatctcctatcttggttgcttgttgttcttatatgacatgggcagatagttctcacgataaacaagtaatttttatgaattcttatacaaaagaacaaatatctaaggatgctggcgtctcagttgaccgtgtaaaccaagcacttagagatattgtaaaagctgatatatttcgtaaaattcaaggaaaacgaggggtttatgaagtaaatccttatataatagccaaaggtaaatgggcagatattaaggtgttaagagctaatttcgactttactaatggaacagttgctccaattattgagaataaagaaagtgaagaagaatag
>gene_2010|Replication protein
acaactagaagtgttatagctaaaaagtataaatatactaatgctaagataatagaaaaactagatataacagaagaggagcaacaacaactacaaacaattatatctaagaatgaagctcatgcacgtagaaaaaagcgtgatagagaatatcaaacaaataaaagaagagctaataatattatgactatcgaagaaaaaagagacgaggaaaaagaaaaacttatggtagatattcaagcaataaaaaaagcactatcagaaggagtgccttttagttcaaataaaaaaataagtgcatacacaggacttgatattactcgcctaaaaaatatcaaggtaaagtatagacacctaataaaataa
>gene_35067|Rep
gagtcaaaagacgctattaaaaataataagcataagtacaataaagcagatattacgtatatcaatgattttgatattgaccgttacgttaggcttgatgaaagtcagaaacgtggattgaaaaatttgttattaaatatcattcgaaaagaacatttggttaatgtggtacatttgcttgattttattgaagttcatggcgctgaatatggtattcaaaatatgagcgatgtgaatgatgtgataactgctaatgctggtggttttcgattatattttgacgctaattatcaaatgggatatagatataatcgcaagccaaaaatcgataaagaaacaggcgaaattctagaagaaactaaatga
>gene_44944|addiction module toxin RelE
atggcttgggaaatcgaatacactgacgagttcggagcctggtggagcacgcttaccaagaccgaacaggaggacgtggatgcctatgtgcggcgccttgaggcccgtggtcccaatctgccctatccgcactccagtgggatcaatggcagcaggcacgaccacatgcgcgaacttcgcgtgcagagccacgggaacccgtttcgggttttctatgccttcgatcccaggcgcacggcgatcctgctgatcggcggcgacaagacggggaatgacaggttctacgaagagatgatccctgtcgctgatgccctttacgatcagcacatcgacgcccttagggcagaaggattgatcaggacatga
>gene_5642|recombinase
atgaagtttggaaaaacttatacagtaacacatgataaagtttttaattatgtacatgatatgcgtctttggcgtaatgatgaggattgggctgataatgtcgacagagaacgcacaaaaaataatattatctttaaaaatcaaactttagaggaaacttataatgaaatttttaaagatgctattgatgagtataacacaaaacaaacacgcaatgaccgtaaaatgtccgtagaacaatatttaaaagatataattaaaaatcaggatagaaaaaatgctgtaaaaccagcttatcagatattgtttgaggttggtgatgtattagatactggttataagtatgctccagaagatgcaaaggaagcagaaaaaattttaaaagaatattataatggatttgtcaaacgcaataaaaatcttaaaatcgcatggtcggggcttcatgccgatgaggaaaaacctcatggttttttaacttttgtgccaatcggttttggatacaagaaaggattggcgattcaggttagtttaagtcgtgcattggctcaacaaggattttgtgacgatacagtaaaaggtgctgatgggaaaaaatattcaggatttgataaatggattgcatcagagcgtgcagaattaaaacggatttgtgtagagcatggaattaatgcgattgaaaaaaatgacccgaaaaggaaaaagttaacgcaacaggaatattacagttttatgtctgctttaaatagtactgcggaagaaatgacacaagaagaactccataaagttttagaaaaaccattacagaagctccaaaaacctgaaaaaggtgtgtttggatattcaagtgctgatgttgaagctctttggaattcatataatcaattaggcaggcggtgtttagcagcggaaaaccttaatgctcgtactggtgtaaatgatgcttatcttcagcaggaacaaatagaagatttaaaaaaacgcctggataaagcacttgcccaggctgatggatttcgtgatgtaataaaaagcctccgtaaggatgttaatacgcttgtagaaggattatctgctcggggggtaagggaagtatcgaaccagctccaaaacgatggctacggggcaaaattggcacaaaaaagagtatctcaattagataagcttgctttaagaaaagcaaatctaaaaccaaaggatatagatgaaaatactaaaaattttagtataacaaagtaa
>gene_49437|Putative replication initiator protein
acagacttaaccgtatcatacacacaacaaaaacgcggtagggtggtttcgggctttgggtttgtggttaaacctaagcatagcattcctaaatacgcccaaaacgcccttaaatcgtcagaaaacaaggaaagggatacaaacacgctcgatatgttcaacaagatgactgataagcaaatagcggtttttagcgctaaacttgcgcaaatgtccgaattgggtagtaaagcgccaattggtgcaagtgtggatgaattcgcccagataatcgctaacgatttacgcaacagcgaaaaacaagcgttttataagccctatttggctaaattaggttttagaacatcgccgtccgaaacgaaatga
>gene_22261|Putative mobilization protein
atggccaacgacctttccgtcgcctctgagcctgcccgctggatcaagctgcgcgccagcgcggcggagcgggcgcgctggcaggcactggcggcgagccggggcgtgagcctgtcggagctgatccgggcttccctgggcagcttgcggctgcgggcgcggcgggagccgccgccggtcgcgccagagcttttgcgggagttggcgcggattgggaacaacctcaaccagcttgcacgggccgccaaccggcacgagccggtgacggcaaccgctctgctgtctcggctgatcgagattgaccgggatcttggagcgcttcgggcggcgcatacgcgggccgacccgccggagcgcggctga
>gene_16524|Mobilization protein MbeC
atggccaacgacccttccgctgcttccgagcctgcccgttggatcaagctgcgggccagcgcggccgagcgggcgcgatggcaggcattggcggcgagccggggcatgagcctgtcagagctgatccgggcgtccttgggcggcttgcggctgcggacgcggcgggaggtgccgccggtcgcgcctgagcttttgcgagagctggcgcggatcgggaacaacctcaaccagctcgcgcgggccgccaaccggcacgagccggtgacagcaaccgcgctgctgtcgcggctgatcgagatcgaccgggatcttggggcgcttcgggcggcgcatacgcgggccgatccgccggagcgcggctaa
>gene_35091|MobC
atggccgacgacccttccgccagtcctgaacccgcccgctggatcaagctgcgcgccagcgcagcggagcgggcgcgctggcaggcgctggcggcaagccggggcatgtccctgtcggagctgatccggacctccctgggcggtctgcggctgcggacgcggcgggagccgccgccggtcgcgccggaactgctgcgggagctggcgcggatcggaaacaacctcaaccagctcgcgcgggccgccaaccggcaggagccggtgacggcgacggcgctgctgtcgcggctgatcgagatcgaccgcgagcttggggcgctccgggcggcgcacacgcgggccgacccgctggagcgcggctga
>gene_29994|DNA replication protein
atggaaaagaataaaacttcaaaaagcacacaggtcctggatctgatgacaaaattacattactatggaatgttggaagcatacaaacaaagtttgagaaccacttcagcagaagatatgactcctgatgacttcttaaaatggttacttgagagcgaattggactataaaaccaatctgactattgacagattaatcaggaatgcaggctttaggtataatgcctatatggaaactgtcgattatacactacgccgcaaccttgacagaaaccagttggaacgtcttgcatctttggactttattaaagaaggtggtaatatcttgattactgggtgctcaggaacaggaaagagttat
>gene_9185|Replication protein
atgagcgtttacaccgcggaggacgaggctgaggtcttcaccgggtcttacctgtcccagaagccgctgtgcgcggacgtgaagaccggcccgtacatgcacaagcgccgcgaggaggcgctgaagcacgtctacatcgagtccaacccgctggtgatgcgagggctagtggtcaccgaccgcgacctcaacgacaccgacctcgccccggagctggcggggcttcccacaccctcgtacatggcgctgaaccgccacacccgcaccgggcacatcgtctacgcgctcaagaacccagtgtgcctgactgatgccgccaggcggcgcccggtgaacctgctggcgagaatcgagcacggc
>gene_20429|Replication protein repB
atggaaaacaattcaaacaaacccgaaacggttgataagagggttagaaactggacttgcatagtttatcccgatagcgctccaaaaggttgggaaattgtcgttgctgacaagcttaaatgccctatctacataagtccccttcacgatagagatataaacgctgacggctctaaaaagaagcctcattatcacgttgtctttgcattcagcggaaaaaaatcttactcgcaggttaattcgatatgtcaaaccattaatgctactataccgcagacagtaaacgaccttcgcggaatgcttcgttatctcgtccataaagacaatcccgaaaaagcgccgtatagcgtagatgatatt
>gene_54626|MULTISPECIES: mobilization protein
atggaacttcacacaagagcaaaagtcatctcaagaaacaaagagaatccatccaagagcagaacctgttgtggatctgcagcttaccgtgccggtgaaaatattatcggcgctgatggagtgcgccataattacaccaggaagaatggaattatgcacgctgaaattatgcttcctgaaggagctccggaatggatgaaggacagacaacaactctggcaagctgcagataaagccgagaaaagaaaagatgcgcagttattccgagaatttgaagttggagttccgaacgagttttcagatgatttagcagttgctcttgtaagaaattttataagacaaaattttatagacgcaggt
>gene_40292|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaatagcgagggtacccacggaggtttgtataatgcgagagaaaaaccagcaagtgaaatttagattgaacgaagaggaacgggcgaagctcgacgggctaatccgggagtccaggttatcgttgcaggagtattgccggcggtgtgttctgaacaagaaaataaccgtagacaatgtaactccggaactccagagaataagagtggagcttggccgggtggatagcaactttaatcagcttgtaaagaaactgaatgaaagaaactacattgattacggagatttaaagaatactttaaaagaggtgaacgctgcatggcactccttaaatgtgttagctcaaacgcttcaatag
>gene_45388|Mobilization protein
atgaaaggcggtgcgttttcgatgaacaagagcagaccaatacagaccgcatttcgattgtcggaagcagaagcggaacagctacggagaagaatacagcagtcaggcttgacgcaacaggagtatattttaagagccgttcttgactgcccgataatcgaaacgcaaggaatcacggaactgatgtcggagctgaaaagaatcggcaacaacctcaatcagattgcaaaggcacttaactcaaaacagttttacagttacaagctgattgagcaaaaccaaaaggagttgatgaagcaatggcagttattaaggcagtttcttcaaaagccagcattggacgagcaatcacttatgtga
>gene_8442|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
tgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_37346|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_32552|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_34263|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
ctgcggacggcaggttccgtccttaaatctttcgcagttatggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_35392|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_42592|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_36365|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_34873|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_33989|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_45140|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_22093|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_40571|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaaagtactaacaaacaatcacaaggtcagacgtaccagagataa
>gene_35618|Centrosomal protein 250kDa
atggcaagaccaacagcaaaagctggagcgtgttcgagccatacgttagccgtaaaggccaactgccttcagcacgctcgcagagatgggaagctcccatcaaattgtattccggaacgcgtcaaagataacatcaccatctttgaggatgatgctatcaaaggacgcaagtcaatcatcccattcatcaaagctgcccagaaaaggtacacagagaagactggccagaagtgccaggcatctttcgtgccttatcgtgagagtgtgctgcacatcaacgacaaggtgactccagaacagctcatggactacaagacccaagccgaagagcttatgggttggaagtgcctggggatgtggtggcatcgcgacgaaggccatgcacacagtaagtacctggagggtgacaccaactttgccgttcatgaacacgtacatatcctttgggattgcacggatcatgaatctggcaaatccctcagacctacccgtaagcacttcagcggcatgcaggatctccttgctgcctgcaccggcatggagcgtggcaactatgccaaggatacccgcatcgggtatcgtaaggcagctgaagaacgcatcgccaagatagaggcgcgccttgatgctctgacgaagatcctcgaggaaaaggatagacagctgtccgaaaaagacaataccatagcagagaagcagcacatcattgatgaaatggttaatgagatagacaagctatccaagaccaaggctatcaagggtgctgccatcgctaagcttcaggagattgccgccaaggcaaaggcaggagctgcaggagcaggagaatgggctgcaggactattccatcttacagacaaagataacacaataaaggagttgcaaacgcaaatccagacattgactacatcaaaagaagaagcagtcaaagccaaggaagaagccgttgctgacgccaagcaagcctacactaaaggtgtaaaggcaggcaagaggtccgtttgtgacgatatctacaaacgtcagaggtgggatgcaaccacaacccttaaagaggtacacagcgttgacactgtttgcagacacttcgagagtcagcaaaaagaactcgaggagtggaaggaaaaagcaatctattggcacgatgcagccaaa
>gene_57800|Plasmid replication initiation protein
gtgtctgctttttctaaatctttaaatcaacctattccgcaagctttggaaaatgtaaaaggttattatcgttattttacgcataaggacaaccctgaaaagtatcagtataacgaaagtgatattttttctatcaatggctttaatattcttgattatgctgatttaacaaagtcagaaatcgaaaatatcaaaaaacaattgcagtctttaatacgtgaactagatatttttgaatattcggatttaatggattatttgctcgataattcgcttaatgatttttatactattgcttctaataacacttatttttttgagaagtatatctcttcacgtcgtaataagttaaaatcttaa
>gene_40274|plasmid replication initiator protein
atggctaaatctttaagaactgcatttataagaatttcaaagataaataacactgaaaatggactagttgagtatacatatgaagatatacaaaacatagtaaaagagtggaataaaagtaaaagatttttgtattacattaaagaccataacaacgagcaaggagatgaaaacccacattatcacgttgttataagatttaatgcacctacaccatttgaagatattaaaaaaatatttccatatggatttatagaaaatgcaaaatcaataaagaattgtgttcagtatctagtgcatatgaacgacttatcaaaaacacaatataactttgatgagataatcacaaacgatacaaacataaataagtatagatatcaaagtgtgcaaaatcagttattaaaacttgatgattttatacataaaatagaaataggagaaataagagaatataacttaacaaaaagtataccaatagaaatatttacaaattacaaaacaaaaatattaaatgcgcttgaattttataggagaaaagttatgactgataaagatagaaatatacaagtaatgatatttagtggagatacaggaacatataaaacaacatatgcaaaacaattcgcgcaaaatcaaaataaaagtatttgtataagttcatctagtaatgaccctatgcaagattatatgggagaagatattttagtattagatgatttaagagatactgactttaagtttcacgatttattaaagatacttgataatcatacaaaatcaacagtagcaagtagatatagtaataaagcatttattggagatactattattatcactactagccaaccaataagtgaatggtattttaatgaaacaaaagaagataaagagcaattacatagaagaataccaattcaaatgcaatttacaaaagaaaagatttcagtatatcaatacaatgaaaaagcacataaatatattttcgtgtatgagttgcctaatgtgaataaatttaagtcacaagacacaaaagcgttcattttagacacgttagagagtatgggtgttgttatgagtgatgatattagaaaacaagtattaaatgcccaaattaagccacaatacgaaaataaagagatgggtgaaatacaagatatgttagatacacaagagttagtccaattagatttgaatagagatattaaagaacaaattgatgaa
>gene_880|Replication protein
tctttaagaactgcatttataagaatttcaaagataaataacactgaaaatggactagttgagtatacatatgaagatatacaaaacatagtaaaagagtggaataaaagtaaaagatttttgtattacattaaagaccataacaacgagcaaggagatgaaaacccacattatcacgttgttataagatttaatgcacctacaccatttgaagatattaaaaaaatatttccatatggatttatagaaaatgcaaaatcaataaagaattgtgttcagtatctagtgcatatgaacgacttatcaaaaacacaatataactttgatgagataatcacaaacgatacaaacataaataagtatagatatcaaagtgtgcaaaatcagttattaaaacttgatgattttatacataaaatagaaataggagaaataagagaatataacttaacaaaaagtataccaatagaaatatttacaaattacaaaacaaaaatattaaatgcgcttgaattttataggagaaaagttatgactgataaagatagaaatatacaagtaatgatatttagtggagatacaggaacatataaaacaacatatgcaaaacaattcgcgcaaaatcaaaataaaagtatttgtataagttcatctagtaatgaccctatgcaagattatatgggagaagatattttagtattagatgatttaagagatactgactttaagtttcacgatttattaaagatacttgataatcatacaaaatcaacagtagcaagtagatatagtaataaagcatttattggagatactattattatcactactagccaaccaataagtgaatggtattttaatgaaacaagagaagataaagagcaattacatagaagaataccaattcaaatgcaatttacaaaagaaaagatttcagtatatcaatacaatgaaaaagcacataaatatattttcgtgtatgagttgcctaatgtgaataaatttaagtcacaagacacaaaagcgttcattttagacacgttagagagtatgggtgttgttatgagtgatgatattagaaaacaagtattaaatgcccaaattaagccacaatacgaaaataaagagatgggtgaaatacaagatatgttagatacacaagagttagtccaattagatttgaatagagatattaaagaacaaattgatgaaattaacaaaggagaaaataaatga
>gene_6659|Mobilization protein
atggcaaagttaagcgttgatgatttcacccgcgaaagaaagactaagcagataaatttcagactgtcacccagcgagtatttacacgtgcaggagcaggccgataaattaggcgtttctgtctctacttattgtcaagttttggctgtaaaaacgaaattaaaggcccctaaaattgctgttgaagatagccgaaaaatagcctatgaattgtcaaaaattggcggcaatgtcaaccagcttgcaaagcacgtaaatcaaggcggctcgatggagcaggaaacgctggcaggtatcaagaagggccttgcggcggtatggaaacagcttgacgagttgcagggcgagaagaagggctga
>gene_57681|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaccgcagtagcagaaaaaaagccgtatacaataacattttccaatgctcacacgtattgtattgagcataacaacagaatgccgggtttcaaagacaaggcacacattgacccaaacggagaatatcatgttttgattgccaaaccgatcaaacagatgtatgagaaattattcggggaatctgttcgggaacacaacgaaaaacaaaaagatagccgtagaataataaccgactatctgcagaagattaaaaacgaagaacaaggcgctcattctggaaaaaagaacacaaaacatactgcctatgaggtaatcattcaaattggcgataaagatcatagaccctctgatgatgattgcaaaaaaattatggttgactatttgaaaaaatggaaagagcgtaacccgaattttaaaattttcaatctcgtatatcatggcgatgaaaaaacaccgcattttcatttgacctatataccgatctcaaaggacaacaaaaggggcctttctgttcaaaacagtttatccggcgcacttcgcgaaatgggttttgtaaaagacgatagtcgcagaaacaatcccgaaagacaatggacagatagagaacgtgctttttttgaagaaatttgcaaaaaacacggtttagaaattcatcatcctcaagccggcaaaggggtgaaacatctttctgtagaagcctacaagctcacaaaagacaaggaagctcttgaaagagaaattgaaacaaagcaaaaaacggtttctcatttacaatcaactgcagaccgtcaaagcaatcgtgctgaaaacgagcgtttaagggctgattcagaggcttcaagagcagctgagcaaattgagcttaggaaaaccgcaaaacgcgatacagaggcattagaagccaaaaaacaaaggctctctgaagatattaagagaaagctcgacgaagccgaaaaaacacaccgtcaagcagttaaagaaattacggatataagaaaaaaagcaacggctttaaataatgctcgtaaagaagtttcagagcttgctcagaaaatatcttatattgaagttttcggaacacctgaagatcaaaaaaaacttgaaaccgcaaaaagaattattgatgaattaagcgaaagaaacggttttacagtcattagaacatccgacagatctgacgatagagaagcagacagatttgacgatgataccgattttcttccgggataa
>gene_42943|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaattgcaaaaaatttactcgtgcttcagctggtcatatgatggcacattatgaaagaggacgagaggaaaacggagagtatattaaatttggcaatcagaacatagatacagaaaaatcccatttgaattacaatctatgtttagaccaaagaccacaacaggacatcttacaagaccgcctgcaggctgttaaatgccttaaaaggaaagatgttaatgttatgtgctcttgggtcattaccgcccctaaaaacgtctctgaggacgatataaagccattttttggagcctgccacgattttctaaacgaaagatacggacaagaaaacgaagtttctgcatatgtccatctcgatgagagaacaccgcacatgcattatgcctttgttccggttacaagagacaaaaaaaaaggacatctaaaagtatctgcaaaagatgtaattaccaaagacgaacttgcagtattccattcggatctgcaagagtatcttgaagccaaatttccaaacaaagattataaaatgcttaatggggcaacctctgaaggcaataaatctatattgcaattagaagttgaggaattagaaaaaaaggcaaaaaggcttgaaagttcaataaatttaagacaaaaaattgcagatatgaagcaagataaaattgattctttagatgaacagataaaagaaaaagaaacagagctgcaggagcttcaaggggatatttctacccttgaaacaaaaaaaggcaatttagaggcttctattgctaatcttgagattgaaaaggacggactacaggaaaaaaaggacagcttgcaggctgattttgatactctccaagaggattataacaatcttgatggagtgatgggatatagaaaggatgacctgaaggagcttgaaaagaagattgaaacgaagcaaaccgcactcaataccatatctcagaagataacgaattatttttcaaaactgttttattacgtgcaagaccatattaacaaggctaaagagatagctccacgtagtaccgaaaaagccaatgaagaattagacaaggctgaaaaagtcggacacgacaacatagaaaaatcaataaaacaaggcttgcctaaagatatagcagaggaagcaaaggaagctgttaccgaaaaagtcgaggaagctgcggaggatattgcaaagcaaacaccgcaatttatcagacgacgccgaggaagataa
>gene_54291|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gaccggacattcgatgtagacaaggcgaaacacattgaccagaaaagaatggggctgaatgaatacggctgcatttatgaagacatgaccttcgaggaagcggaaagggcatactatgcggaacggttttccgggcaaatagctgccacgaatgccagggcagaaaaaagccggcattatgagagaatgaccgattcagataagctctacgaaagccagaagacgaagccggaagaggtaatcttccaaatcggcgataagaacggcagcgtctccggggaacagctgctagaggtctatgccgactaccaaaagtggcacaatgaccgttttggtgctcatgtgacgattttggattatacgctgcatgtggatgagaagacaccacacatccatgagcgtcgggtgtgggaatatgaccatgagggcggatatcgggcaatagggcaacatgaagccttaaaagcccttggatataccctacccgatgaaaatgcccctagaagccgtcagaataaccttaaagtgccttatacgcaagaatgccgggagaagtggcttgacctttgctatgaacacggaatcgaggtagaacggcagccgaagcaagtagccccgaatcagcagaatatggataagcgtgattatatcatcgcagagcagcagcggcagcttgacgagaagcagcggcagctcgatgaaatgaaccgtgttctgactgcgaaaaatgcccaaatcgagcgtttaaacgaaaaagcggagaaagcccgggctaagaagaaaatgtccaaggaaaaggtcacaataagccgtgacgagtatacggagtaccaggtcgtaatgagggaaaatgcggaactgaaagcccgggaagaatatgtgaatcagcaatcactagaagcccggaaaatgaaagccgaagcagaccgggcagagagaaccatacagcaagcagcacaaatccgagactaccaggagaaggtggcagcacatttggattccaggcaaaagaagattgaccaggaagtgcagctcaaggcagaaggacttgcggagcagcttgtctccgggagaacaaagagaatggagaagtttctcggacaatatgccgggaatgacggtaaaagccttttagagacctttaatgaccaggaacggagcagaagccgtggatgggaaagatag
>gene_16396|mobilization protein
atgctgtctatcttcggggttttggagagggttatgactgaaaaacgaacgaaaatgcttacgctgtgggtgactccggatgagcacgagcggctacttgctcgctgtgattcgccgcgactggcgacatggatgagagaggtatgcctcgaggaaaaacccgcccgaacatcaaaaccgttgcctacgttagcgccggaactgctgcgacagcttgcgggtatgggcaacaatctgaaccagatagcgcggcggctgaatagcggtgagtggtcagctcatgaccgtgttcaggtagtggctgccttgctgaccttagagcgtgagctgcaatttctgcgggagcaggcgagatga
>gene_33599|Rep protein
atgatttgcaatcttccatttctgaagaagtccgagcttgctgccatctggggcggcggtttcgtgaaaatcaatgcgatagataaggtcgataacgtcggcgcttatgttatcaagtacatgacgcaggatatggacgataagcggctacgcggtgagaatgcgtatttacatagccgaggacttgaaaagcccgtagaactcactacatggcgtgtaagcgatgctgacgcttggcgctcgctgcatgagtgtttggaagcaaaagcgccctcatactatgccgagtatgagagcgccaacgctggacgtatagagtacttccagtacaacgataaccgcagtatatca
>gene_32968|Rep protein
atgatttgcaatcttccatttctgaagaagtccgagcttgctgccatctggggcggcggtttcgtgaaaatcaatgcgatagataaggtcgataacgtcggcgcttatgttatcaagtacatgacgcaggatatggacgataagcggctacgcggtgagaatgcgtatttacatagccgaggacttgaaaagcccgtagaactcactacatggcgtgtaagcgatgctgacgcttggcgctcgctgcatgagtgtttggaagcaaaagcgccctcatactatgccgagtatgagagcgccaacgctggacgtatagagtacttccagtacaacgataaccgcagtatatcacgatga
>gene_9009|Possible Rep protein
ccatttctgaagaagtccgagcttgctgccatctggggcggcggtttcgtgaaaatcaatgcgatagataaggtcgataacgtcggcgcttatgttatcaagtacatgacgcaggatatggacgataagcggctacgcggtgagaatgcgtatttacatagccgaggacttgaaaagcccgtagaactcactacatggcgtgtaagcgatgctgacgcttggcgctcgctgcatgagtgtttggaagcaaaagcgccctcatactatgccgagtatgagagcgccaacgctggacgtatagagtacttccagtacaacgataaccgcagtatatcacgatga
>gene_45551|RepH
atggctaagtctgataatagacatgcaatggcttgggcaattctttatcctgagtcaatgaattcaaattataaagatattctttcatcatatcaggtatgttttgcaattagtcctttgcatgatcatgatatatctgctgatggacaaccgaaaaaacctcattatcatgttgtattggattattctgatgttaaacaaaagaagtccagagaacaatttactactatttttgatagtattggtgcagtatgttctccacttgatcatgagtttttttgtgttaatagacgtttaacttatcgttatcttatgcatttagatgatgctaataaatatttatatgattacaat
>gene_18080|Essential recombination function protein
atgacggccctgaaatactaccttttcgagaagttcaccgtcgaccaaggcgaggatgaccccgacaacagtgacttcggcgcacagggcaaaggatccggcgctggaggccgccagcaggccgcacagggccgtcaggggcagggctccggccgtctgagcgacgcacagctcgcacgcctctacaagaaggcagaggccgcaggaatgaccaaggagcgcaccaacgcccggatcgtggagaagtacaaaaagcaggatccggccaccctgacccgccaagagtacgacgagatctgcacgtccctcgacaacgcagccgcacagcataaccagcaaggaggaaacgcctaa
>gene_22073|replication protein RepB, partial
atggcaacgaaaaacgaaaaggctcgcgtctgggtcgctgtcggctacacggagaacatgagggatgactggcaagacgtcatcggtgatgctctcgacggtctcccgtgtgcgtactgcgtgcacgacaaggacgaggacagcaagagtgagcacaggaaagaccacgctcacttcatgattgcgttctcgaacacgacaacctacaaccacgctctcaaggctttccgtcgcctcgacaagtccgaggacaagacggcattcaacacggctaagccgtgcctgaatgcacgaggtgcgtatgactacctcattcacgacaccgagacggctcgtaagcaggggaagcacctgtacgacaagtccgagcgtatcgaggtgaacaacttcgatatcggtgagtacgagcagttcacgaaggagtcgaagcacgctctgtacgaggagatgtgcgatttcatcatcgacaacgagattaagacgatggatttgttctatcgcctgtatcgaccgatgcgtgactctcgtcgtgctgaggtctacatgacgtacatgtctcagctcgacaggatgaccacggccgtctggaagcgttgccgacaggaagcgttcgagcaggagtccagatggggtttcgggtggcgttctgacgcctcggaggaggctgtcgagacgcctgtcgcggctggggggtctactacgacccccccagccgtgacggaagacggaagacaagaaattacagatgcccagctagacgaggtgacgtctcaggagcttgattcggacgctccagtcgctccgctctcgatttcagaagagtcgtgtgctgactggttcacgaagtggtgcatgcctggaggcggtgtctacgaggtgcggaatgactcgtgcagctggctttgtgatggctggggcattcctcttattgctcgtgggaatcggaaggcgcgtgctgaggccgctgattacatggaggcgtgggctgctggtgatgtgacgccgcccgtgctgacggaagcccagcacgccgtgctgagcgggtggggacagacagccaaggctgtgtatgacgagcagcggatggctgccgccatcgctgaggccaaagagagtagagccaaggacaaggacagggacagccaagaggacagccgcacggcagaggacggggacagctcgctcggcgagcgggacacgtccgaggatgtgcctccggcgcctcgaggctag
>gene_15396|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atggctaaaaacagtaaggaagtacagcaaaaggcagatgctaaacgtgccggcacacgttcaaggggatgggcctgcatagtctatccggaaagtgcgccgaaggattgggtcgacaaattgaatgaagcacacattcaaacgctcataagcccattacatgatcaggattgtgctgaaggcaaaaaggatactatgaaaaaagcacattatcatgtgcttgccatgttcgataacccggtgggagaatcgtccgccaaaaattactttggcaggatcggcataacggcaccgcccgaaaaaatcgacacgatcaaaggatacgcacgttacttagtacatatggatgac
>gene_35296|DNA replication initiation
actgagctggctccgtattttcagggcttgaccgtggaggcgatacgcgcgaagaggcgcggtcatcccaccacgggatataggttcacttggcaggccgaggcgaagccaaccgagaaatgggttgaaggcaagtatgagaagctgccaccgcgtcccgagtcggagaaggcgaagcgtgagcgccactcacgcgagagcacagagcgagccgaggagatgcagcagcaggcgcaggagcgggccgagcgtgagcgtcgggcggctgagaatgctgcggtgatcgccgaagagaggcgcaagcatggcggcagcatgttcgccggggcgaagggatacaaggcggaggcgtag
>gene_15365|Toxin-antitoxin system, antitoxin component, Xre family (Fragment)
ttggatgaagcgttgatgtgccaagggtatttcgggggccgcagcgacgaattcatcatttgggcatacggagatgattcgcttactcgtttcaatggtgtggtggtgcttggcaatcaggtaagcccacataacattcgggagaaaaatggtttgctgtataccgacttcaaccgtactgtatccgacgctctggcaaatgaggccatcttggatatgcaaggcgttaccgaggccatcagtaagtactattatcggaacggcgagagctttgaggggatttctatttcacctgaatatcaggaaaagtttgaccgtctggcggcagaagctatagactactatgcgaattag
>gene_57142|Conjugal transfer protein TrbA
atgtgtgcgcttgcagagcaaggatgtccctacggggttttagaaaggagcaaaattatggaaatgcacacaagagcaaaaatgatttcaagaaaaccaaataaagcaggagtaagtagaacttgttgtggatctgcagcataccgtgccggtgaaaaaattatcggcgctgatggagtgcgtcataactacaccaggaagaatggaataaagcactctgaaattatgcttccggaaggagctccggaatggatgaaagacagacaacaactctggcaagctgcagacaatgccgagaaaagaaaagatgcgcagttgttccgtgaatttgaaatgtctgttccaaatgagttttctgatgaggatgctgttgttcttgccaaaagttttataaagacgaactttattgacaagggaatggccgcagacttttcgctacacgatccaaaatataaagacggacacaaaaacaagcacattcacattatgctcccgacaagagagattttagaggacggctttggaaagaaaaatagagactggaatgatagaaatcttgttgcagaatggagagagagctgggcgaactactgcaacgatgctcttgaaaaaatcgaaagcaaagaagttgttgaatatcagagctttgcggaaagagagatttacagaatacctcaagaacacatgggcccttcagctgttgctatggaacgccgtggaattgaaacagaacgaggcaatagaaaaagaaaaatagagtatttaaactatatacttgaaattaaccgagaacgtgccgagagaatgagaaggaatgattatgagcttgataaacttatggaaaaagcaaatgattttagagaattaaatagcgttcaatatagggctgcagatctctgcagagatgcaagcaggggcttaaaaataaatgccaaggcaaaaaaacaactaaagcctatatctcaagcttataaaacaatagctatgttatcaggggaacacgatttaagagacttcgagaaggaaagattaaaagaggcatattctttaattcgtcgtgctggttatgatccgactgattcaaaccaggctcttgacattcaaaaacaacttgaccaaataagaaatagcaacagagaattatcgcagaaaagagaaaaagctatgaatgtcaaggaacaggctcaagaaaaacgccaggagctctataacgcgcgttacggagaaagataa
>gene_22441|Bacterial mobilization protein (MobC)
gtgcgattgaaaaatgagcaatacgaggtgggatttatgggagagaacaggaaagataatcgacagattaaatttcgtgtgagcgaccacgaatatgaagaattggagcaaacagcgaacaattttcatatgagtgtgccagcttttgcgaaaaagcgggcaatggggtatcgcatgaagccccccaaggttgataaatcgggggcgattgagatagcaaagcagttgcgagcgattggtaataacgtcaatcagctgacaaagcgagcaaatgcaagcaacggaaaaattgatagcgaggaacttcaagctatcaaaaaggagttgcataagatatggcaacaattcaactag
>gene_5126|Bacterial mobilization protein (MobC)
gtgcgattgaaaaatgagcaatacgaggtgggatttatgggagagaacaggaaagataatcgacagattaaatttcgtgtgagcgaccacgaatatgaagaattggagcaaacagcgaacaattttcatatgagtgtgccagcttttgcgaaaaagcgggcaatggggtatcgcatgaagccccccaaggttgataaatcgggggcgattgagatagcaaagcagttgcgagcgattggtaataacgtcaatcagctgacaaagcgagcaaatgcaagcaacggaaaaattgatagcgaggaacttcaagctatcaaaaaggagttgcataagatatggcaacaattcaactag
>gene_53792|Putative Rep protein
atgccaacagtagtagcagaaccaaaaaacatcaatgaggtatcgtttgagcaacgtgaaagagacctgagagcattggagcgtcaggaacaggaacaatgtagaactgcaagaaaaagtccttttaccaagttttaccaagtaaacagagacaattccgagtatctaagtagttgtttgagagagaatcctaaagcacttgaattattgttttttatattcgaccacatggataaatacaatgccgttgtatgctcatatcaagtatttcaagaggctttaggaatatcaaaagcaacagttcaaagatgtgtg
>gene_30921|Putative Rep protein
atgccaacagtagtagcagaaccaaaaaacatcaatgaggtatcgtttgagcaacgtgaaagagacctgagagcattggagcgtcaggaacaggaacaatgtagaactgcaagaaaaagtccttttaccaagttttaccaagtaaacagagacaattccgagtatctaagtagttgtttgagagagaatcctaaagcacttgaattattgttttttatattcgaccacatggataaatacaatgccgttgtatgctcatatcaagtatttcaagaggctttaggaatatcaaaagcaacagttcaaagatgtgtgaagtacttgaaggacaatggatttgtgtacgtgtac
>gene_55187|Replication protein, phage-associated
gtggacggaccacctgaaacgacgaaccccccggaagtagcggcttccgaggggtccaaaagtcagagcggtggggaccggctcggcgacaaggatacaacgaaacggcgtgaagactacgcgcgcgcgcgctacgccctgcatgggcacattcggcggcacctgatcggcgcggctgcaaagagccaccccggaaagcaccccggaaacatctaccgcacggcggcctgcacatgggtgatggtcgatgacctcgccatggtgaaacccgcccagcgggatagctaccactacaagggcttggcgacctgcggcagcgtgtggacctgcccgctgtgcgcggcaaagattcaggagcggcggcggctggaggtcgttgcagcggtcgattacaagcggggaaaaggcatggccggggtgatggtgtcgttgaccttcccgcagcgggtggaccagcccctggcgcttctcatccggctgcaacgggaggccttgaaatacctccggggttggcggcgctacatcggcttgatggccagcatcggcaatgccggcaggatccgggcgcttgagatcacgcacggccgcaacgggtggcacccgcatacccatgagctgctgttcgtcaatccggagatgcctaccgagtacttgcgcgacgagctggccgggctgtggctgcgggcctgccagaaggtggggctgttcgtggagggccgggacagcgaagcggacttcctgcgctactccgtcgatgtgcaggccgcggataggtcggtaggtgagtacctggcaaagctggaccaggtgtcgagttggaacgccacccacgagctgaccaaatcgagcagcaagcaggggcgacggtcggggcagcaccccttccgcctggcgatggagaaaacgaccggggaattgttcctggagtacgtcgaggccatgaagggggcgcagcaactggtttggtcgcgggggctgaaagccgaggtcggcgtggacagcaagagcgacgaggaaatcgcccaggaggaaaccgccctggtggtggatcggatcggcgtcgagcggagcgcgtggcgggtcgtgctgggcaacgatgcccggtgggagctgaccgaagcagcacgggtcgggggtgccccagctgtgcgggaattcctcgtcctgctggggtggagcgaagcggcgctccgaccctgcgaagcgggggttggtgcgccgcgcagcggctga
>gene_6666|Replication initiation factor
aacaagaaacaagaaattaaagacaataaagatttagaaattgaagcggaagattattggcgtattgagtttgaattaaagcgtgagcgtacagaaaaatgggcgacatgttttgaagatttgaattttttgaaacctgattataaaacgattgatgattttaatttgcgttcaaaagttttttatttgctgaatgatgaaagtgcttggggagaattacatagaaatactaaaactaaatatcgaaaaattttgaaagagatttcgccagtaaatttaaaaaatagtatgcaagaagatttaaatcttcagcgagaaaaattacaaaaagaattaaatttttggtcagcatga
>gene_56463|Recombinase
atggcttatccgattttaagatttgaaaagtttaagcggtctgcagtttatggtgtccatgctgagatgactcgctccgcagagctccaccacgcaaaaggagtcgattttcttaatagtgatatagactggtcaaagactcagtctaacgaagttatagtcccatgtgcttctattaataagagaatcacctcagctatacagtctgcaggagttaaagaaagagcagactcggtcgtatcactcggctttgtgattacagtatcaggtgatttttttaataaagacgaaaatggagctcctatctatgatgaaaaggcagactcttattttaaggacgcactaaaagctgtagtggatgatgtttttcaaggtgactggtcaaagctccagtctgtggtcttacataaagatgagaccactttccacatacaaggtctagctgattgtataactcaaaatgataagggcgaagcttgtttatctgctaagcgcatattatctggcccagctcgtatgaggcagattcaaaataatttttatcaagcagtcagcaaaggccgtgatttagagcgtggagagctagtccaagagggctcaccaaaaaagaagcataagtctaaatctcaatacaaaaaagagctagtagaagaagcagtctctaagatagttaagtctgcagaagaatcgctagactcacctactcttattgataagtttaggacgctccctatcggctccagtaaggttattagcgacaaagactataatgaagttataaaggcactaggagcactagaagccattacaaaggcctcagaggggcttaaaacactcctaacgcttacagacctagatggtcgcataaagacactagaaggccatatagaggccctagaagcccttaaaaacaccctaaaagataggcttgatttaggtcacgaaaaagctaaaaagtgggctaaggagctcccagagctccgctcagccaaagaagcctatttatctattatggagacagtctctgtctctcctttatactcacttcgtgatattgtcttacaggcagaaaaaaccgcaggagcggatttttctaaacttccagcactggtggcagatgtggtccgctctattcaaaatgatagctctgatgagtttaatggtggtggattttcccacactcctggtctagatgatatggattttccctcacttgacgatagagagtaa
>gene_21707|RepB
atggcagaaaactggattgaaacggtgacggcttcgggcttgcccttcgctatgtcccctcttcatgattcagatgtaaatgcagacggtgaaccaaagaaaccacattatcattgtcttttttgcttttcgggtccgaatacatataaccaggctgataaattctcaaagagtttagggggaacggctccacagcctgttgaaagcgtaaggggcgtatataggtactttacgcatatggacaacccagagaaagcacaatataaccccgaagatattttaacgcttaacggctttagtatcatggattttgtggagtacacgaagtccgaagtgttaagaacgatt
>gene_2635|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggtagacgcacaaacccccgatgtaatggccaccaccgatgcacagctttctgaccctcaggagaaaaagtaccccacagtgaagacatgcgagatcatgcaatattggcaatacatggacacgcagaatatcgatgaagttatctcccggatccggagcttgaaacagatcaaaacatggtgtatcatcacacatgacaaggatcttctcgctgatggcacgcccaaaggaaagcatttccacgccgtcctcaccctcaagaacagcatgacgatcaagacgattgccgaggccgtaggtgtccctccgcagtatgtgaacaagatcaagacaaccaccctagccgcgcagatgtacctgatccaccggaacgatcccggtaaattccaataccaaccgaacgaagtcaaggcaagcttcaactaccccgagctcgtggacgatacccccataaagatccgcagagaagacctcgcaagcaagatcgcctccggtgtgatcaagcgctacaacctcgtagatcatgtatccccggatgagtacgcccggaatatccggtactacgaaaactgtttcgactaccgcaacaaactcatgaaaggattggacagagatatgcactgcatcttcatcaccggaaattccggtacaggcaaaaccacctatgcaaaagagttcgctaccaagaaaggctaccatacttacatctcctccggtggcaagaatcccctcgataactatgccggagaggaatgcatcatcctcgacgatacccggagctccacatggagcttgaccgactttctcaagctgaccgacaatcacaccgacagccttgttggatgccgatactacaacaagagcatcgccgaatgcaagctcctcatcgtgacctcctgcaagagtctcgacgagttctacgagcatgcccttaaccacgacgaagagcccaaggtgcagttgctccgccgttttgagctcctcgtacgcatgacccacgagcagatcacgacatgcgtctatgatcccaaaaaggccgctcatgttccgctctacaccgctaaaaaccatatcagcctccggtatgatcctaccatggccatggactttgcgcgcgacttcatgcgcaccctcggtcttgagatccacacagatgccacagaaagccaagccgaatttccggtgatcaccgatcctgacgatgatctgcccgatgcatgggggtga
>gene_29145|Replication initiation protein
atgatagacgcacagacccccgatgtaatgactcccaccgatgcacagctttccgaccctcaagagaagaagtatcccaccgtgaagacctgcgagatcatgcagtactggcagtacatggacacgcagagcctcgatgaagtgatctcccgcatccggagcctgaagcagatcaagacatggtgcatcatcacccacgacaaggatctcctgcccgatggaacgcccaagagtaagcactttcatgccgtcctcaccctcaaaaacagcatgacgatcaagtccatagctgaggccgtaggcgtccctccgcagtatgtgaacaagatcaaaaccaccaccatcgccgcccagatgtacctcatccaccggaacgatcccggcaagttccagtatcagcccaaggaagtcaaggcgagcttcaactacccggagctcgtggacgataccccgatcaagatccggagagaagatctcgcaagcaagatcgcatccggtgagatcaagcgctacaacctcgtcgaccatgtttcccccgatgagtacgcccggaatatccggtactatgaaaattgcttcgactaccgcaacaagctcatgaaaggattggacagagatatgcattgcatcttcatcaccggaaagtccggtacaggaaagaccacctatgcaaaagagttcgctaccaagaaaggcttccacacctacatttcttccggcggtaagaatcccctagacaactacgccggagaggaatgcatcatcctcgatgatacccggagctccacttggagcttgaccgacttcctc
>gene_54795|plasmid replication initiator protein
atgatagacgcacagacccccgatgtaatgacctccaccgatgcacagctctccgaccctcaagagaagaagtaccccacggtcaagacctgcgagatcatgcagtactggcagtacatggacacgcagagcatagatgaagtgatctcccggatccggagtctgaagcagatcaaaacatggtgcatcatcacacatgacaaggatctcctcgcagatggcacgcccaagggcaagcacttccacaccgtcctcacactcaaaaacagcatgacgatcaagacgatcgccgaggccgtaggtgtcccaccgcagtatgtgaacaagatcaaggccaccaccctagccgcccagatgtacctcatccaccggaacgatcccggcaaattccaataccaaccgaacgaagtcaaggcaagctttaactaccccgagctcgtggacgatacacccataaagatccgcagagaagatctcgcaagcaagatcgcatctggtgagatcaagcgctataacctcgtcgatcatgtatccccggacgagtacgcccggaatatccgatactacgaaaactgtttcgactaccgcaataagctcatgaaaggattggacagagatatgcattgcatcttcatcaccggaaaatccggtacaggcaagaccacctacgcaaaagagttcgctaccaaaaaaggcttccacacatacatctcctccggaggtaagaatcccctagacaactacgccggagaggaatgcatcatcctcgatgacacccggagctccacatggagcttgaccgacttcctcaagctgaccgataaccacacggatagcctcgtgggatgccgatactacaacaagagtatcgccgaatgcaagctcctcatcgtgacctcctgcaagagccttgacgagttctacgagaatgccctgaacaatgacaacgagcccaaggtgcaattgctccgccgcttcgagctcctcgtgcgaatgactcacgaacagatcacctcttgcgtttacgatcccaaaaaggccactcatgtccccatgtacaccgccaagaactatatcagcctccggtatgatcccaccatggccatggacttcgcacgcgacttcatgcgcaccttaggcctcgagatccacaccgatgcgaccgagattcaagccgatttcccgctgatcaccgatcccgacgatgatctgcccgatgcatgggggtga
>gene_55275|Putative replication protien
atgaattcaagagaacatacgcctgataacgagttcaaaaaaaatgatgttatgatggccgcaactttttatgaagataactatgttcgatggagcaatgagactttggaaagacaaaccggtattagggttagactctattccaaaacaagaaggaatggaagaaaacaaaatgagcatctaaaaagagcaaggcttgtaaggtcactttccacctacgaaggaagtggaagaccatcttctcagaagattgtagaagaatggcagcgtaataatccaagtaagaaaaaaagcgattgcatcaaagaaacaggattgagcaaaccaacggtttaccgttggtggaaatag
>gene_19641|Replication protein
caggcggtcaactctgttcgcggtcaagcgcgttatctctgccatctggatgaccctgacaaggcgcagtatgacgagggcgacatctccgctttgaacggagctgactatctcgcgctggtcgatttgcctggcaacaagtatgcagccatccgcgagatgaaggagtggtgctgcaagaatcagatgttctcctttgccgacttgttcgactttgcagccgagaacaacgagacttggtttcggtgtctctgcgacaactccgcctatgtcatcaaggagtacctcaagtccaaagcgtggaccttgtccaactctcacacctcctttgaggaggaagaagatgagtaa
>gene_31183|Initiator RepB protein
atggcgaagaaaaagaaaatcgagccgattaccggcattccgcaagaggacaagttgaccgtacagaagagcctaccgctgtttgctctctggcagtctgatttgaccctttcagagttcaaaatcctcgacacctaccttgcccgtatcaatagtcacaagccaaacgatagagcggtgatgcttgagaaaggcgaacttgaaactcttctgggtgtccagaaaatcaacaaaaaagaccttgaggtaagacttaaacaccttatggaacacgtggtgaagctcgaagataatggctcgaaaaagggcttccgtctggtttctttgtttgaagaagccgtagccgag
>gene_38622|mobilization protein
atgctcaccatgtgggtgacggaggacgagcaccgccggctgctcgaacgctgcgacggaaagcagctggcatcctggatgcggcagacgtgcctcaatgagaagccggcacgcgccggcaaacttccctcgatctcgccggcgctgctgcgtcagcttgccggcatgggcaataacctgaaccagatagcccgccaggttaacgccggcggcggtaccggccatgaccgggtgcagattgtggccgcgctgatggcgatcgatgccggcatcgagcagctgcgccacgcggttctggaaaaaggatcggacgatgatcgttaa
>gene_13953|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagcagcctggcatatcatgcagagcatttcaagcgtgggagcgttaatgccctggcgaatcacaactatcaaaagaggggagaatatgacaatcatagcaaccaggacatcgatccgtccaggagccatctgaacgtccagctggtagcgccagaggctaccatgtataaggacgtgaagaaggcgattgaggagcgctgtactgggcgtgttactgcaggcagcaactggctcagtgaaacgattgtttacccaccagatgatattataaatgatcgcgagaagtgtattagctattttaatgatgtactgaactggcataaaattgaattcggagaagaa
>gene_39722|Putative plasmid replication protein
atggctgatgaaattattcaacatccatattgttattgtattcatgataaagattgtgattctaatggtgaattaagaaaaattcatactcacatgattttagcttttcctggtccaacaacttataaaagagcattatctgtttttcaacaattaggtcaaaatgcagttaatagttgtgaagctattttaaatatgagatttgcttataattatttaattcatgatactgaaaattgtaggaaaaaaaataaatatcaatactctattaaggaaagacatagtcaaaataattttgatattggacaatatgaacaactttctacacaaataaaaaatgaaatg
>gene_40233|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtggcaagttaccaaaaattttggtataacttgctccaccaaacaaaaattggttataatattcttagtgcagatttgaatatcaagtcagtatcgaatattaaaatttatgatgattttcatttttgtgaggtgggtaaaatggcacacgttgaaaaatatactaggtcacaaactggtcagttatgtcagcattacgaaagaaaaaaaattaatggcgagtatgtcaaatttggaaatgaaaatattgatttaacgaaaactcatttgaattacaatcttgctcctgaacataaccaaattgaatttataaaaagtcgttgcgaagaattaaattgttttaagcgaaaagatgttaatgttatgtgttcttgggtagtaacaaaaccaaaagatttatcggcagagcatgaggaagaattttttaaaaacacatataagtttttagaggacagatatgggaaagataatatagtttcatcatacgttcataaggatgaagtaactccacatatgcactttgtattcgttcctgtagtctatgataagaaaaaagaacgctacaaagtatcggctaaggaacgtattaataaacttgaattaaaatcatttcaccaggatttagataagtacctggagcagagcatggggttcaaagttaatgttttgaatgaaatgactaaggagggtaataagtccatagaagaattaaagcgtggaactgccattgataggctcaaagagattgaggagcagttaaaaggtatcaaatatcaactagaaccattgaaagccgaatatgaagctaagagagcctttatacaacaagcagaaaaagacagcgatatatcggttatgtatccggattatgccgtagtatcgaaaaaaggactgataaagaaagaggaattcgttaccgttccgaaagataaatgggaagctaaacacgttgcagcgaaccacgtacacgctttggatagggaatatcaagaactagaaaagataataaaagactttaaaagtacatcagaagaattaagggatatcaagagatttaaaaaagaaaatgattctcttaaatatgaaaattacgaattaaagctgaaacttgaacgaactcaaaaactttttagtaaggtgcttgaacaaaatcccgaagtcaaagccaaacttgaaagggaaatgtcaagaagtaaaagcagaacattcaatcgaggaatggaaagataa
>gene_9052|Rep
atgctttttacatctcttagtctattcgaaaatgaatcagaagtcaagccccaaggaactagaaaaccaatagcggaaatcaaaaagccgcaggatttagtgtggttcaaaggtcggcaggtagatgctgcctttttgtcagaccattacacccaagcggtacaggattttaaaacggcacaatccgcaatggctgcacatttgccggagccgttccatgatgaagaaatggaattggaacgtgaagaaggaaccggggaaatccttacggatactgacgttaagggaaaggaaaggccgtggaaaatgcacaaaaaagaaagcgttcgcgttgccgatctatttgaaaaagcccggctcatagatggcggcattatatcagacagccgtctgcaatcgctgaaagattgcgcttctgcgctggtttttgcggctgattcggcaggaaataaacgactgaaaacagcaaatttctgccgggttcgcctgtgccctatgtgctcctggcggcggtctatgaaattgttcggtcagactgcccgcgtagctggggaaatgctggaacgttatccgaaaacccggttcctgtttttgacattgacggttaagaactgcaaggacgttgacctgcagggcgttttgaagaatatggacaaggctttcagctacatcacagcggcatcccgcacatttgcggcggcaaaaggtttgaagaaaaacttgctgggctatatgcgggcaactgaaattacatacaatcagaatgaagacacgtaccacccgcatttccattgcattttggctgtgaatgaaagctatttccaccataaggactatctaaaacatgaggattggcgggcgttgtggcaaaaagccgccggcctggactatgaaccggaggttcggattcagaccattcgggcggggaaacaaaatggcatggccggggcggtcgcagaagtcgcaaaatatccggtaaaagcatcggctttattagaaatagagaatgaggatcgggcggtcgatgcgctgattgttctcgccagggcgatgcaaaatagaagaatggttacgttcggcggcgtgtttaaaactatccgggctgaactaaaaatgcaaaacgttgaagctgaaaatgctgacttgaaaaacacggagcaagatgatgaaaaatcctttaccccggtcaagctgatattctttaaatggcgtgtaaaagtcggtgca
>gene_43223|Mobilization protein
atggcactcacttcaattcatattcagcccgccaaagtgggggctgaacagcacgaccgccggaccaggaagatggaccacgttgaccacgaactgacttcccggaacaaaacctgggaagcaccaggtttcagatccgtcagtcagtccatggccgatgcacgcaagaccatcaaggagaaaaccgggcggtcgatgcaagcaaaggcaatcccgttcagagaaggggttgccgtcatcaccgaggacacctcgatagagcagctgcaaaagttctgcaaaaagtgcgaggaaagatggggtatcaaggctttggccatatacacccatctggacgagggacacaatgacaaagaagggaaatggaaaggaaacctgcacgcacacatcatctggcaatggtactctgatgaaaccggaaagagcatccggcatatgacaccccaggacttttccaagatgcagacaattctggcaaagtgcctgaagatggagaggggcaagtcatcagacaaggagcatctttccgcaattcagttcaagaacaaggctgaaaccgagaagcacctggagctgtccaatacggtgcagaaggagacaacccaggtcgagcagctgaccaggttaaaccagcagatgaccgaccaggtgaagctctcctatgaaaccgtcaaggaacaatgcgaaaagctccacaaggccggagaaaaggccgtcaagacctttgatgacctggtagccctcgatgctgccaaaccgagaaaaaaggagcaggaaacgagggataacctggagagtgagtgtaagaaggttttgccaaaggatagtcagggactacaagaccatttccaggccctcacaaccttgttatccgccacaatcgaagccgtagcgagaatggggaagcaattacggaaatatgcttctcatatcccttggacgaagaaaggaagattggcccacgaagccgagctggagcatcgggtatttgaagcagagatgaagttgcaagaaaagccgacaagggtaggtgtcattgacgatgatgatattgccggtagccttttgaaaatccttggtgtaactccaaccgacaagaaccggaacttcgatgaggtcagaaggctgaccatcgaaatggtcaatgaaaagaagatgtggcaggaagccgcaggacattctgaacgtactttccgcgaccaggacatatcgaggggtattacctggtaa
>gene_43153|Plasmid mobilization protein
atgacagagaaaagggctgagattgagcgtacagtagccgaaaagaatagcgaggttactgatttgcaaaatcagatcaccgagtggaaggacgagttagaagtcttggataaggcaataaaagaaaaaaagtctgaggctgtttctttgggcttattttcagatgccaatatgcaagagcggatagaacgagcaaagcaagagcaagcccgtgaacgccgtctgagcctcttagaacgctttgtagaacttcctaagataaaacctatatgggagaagttctgtgccgttatggagcatcagagagggcgtgagagccataaagataaaggcgatagattctaa
>gene_51034|Putative RepA protein
cccgcgtggcggatcgctgaagcgtttcaggcgaccggggaagtggactatctcgacctctggcacgagtacgagaaggggtccaagggtcgccgccaactcacgtggtcgcggggtctgcgggatcgcctcgtgctcgacccggagaagagcgacgagcaggtcgctgccgaagagatcggcatggaggacgttctacggctcgaccggcacgcctggacggcggtgctgcgtctgccctacccgacttcccacctgctcgatgtggtcgaaaagaagggcgttgcggggttgaaagcgttcctgtctgcgaacgggattctctatacggaggttggatcatga
>gene_17418|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgtacacttatcgacagatttctgaaaaaacaaaaatcagcttagaaactgtcagaattacaatgggaattttactagactccaattttttacgtcgtcaaaatcaaggatgttacattgtaaatccggacgtggtcttcaagggaaacaggaatggtagactcaatattttgaatcaattctatgaagccgaaaaggttgaaatgacagacgaagacagattggataacatcttgaagagtatggctgccatgcagaaaagtatggaaaagttggctcgcgaagcaagcgtgctccaggagaaaatatccaaggaaaagaatggcgaagtaaaatcagcttaa
>gene_17728|chromosome segregation protein SMC
atgggtgtaacaattggaatgccgtcaatgaaactgaataatgcaggaaataaaagtaagtcctgcggtgggtttgcggaagtggcaggagaaggacttgaccgccacggcaaggacaaggatatagatacggcacgtgccgatttgaatgagtatataggttttcaatcgtccgaggaattgattgcgtattctaatcagcatatcgaagaaatgaatgcctctctccgtgctcaagggaagaggggtatacgtgccgatgcggttgtgatgtgctccacaattatcaagccacctgcacattggataaatgctctcccagaagcagaccgcaagcggttcatagaagatgctattgagggcattaagaccattattcccgaagaaaacatcaagagcattgctattcatcgtgacgagcagggcgaccatgctcacgtgttttgggaacccatgaccgccgatgggcgactttccgcaaaagaatgtcacaatctcaaattctttggacggcttaacagggaaatacccgcctttttgcgtgaaaaaggttgggatattgacgattgcaagtcctacgatgccgttgaggaacagaaaatgcgtgaagaactcggggaagagaagtatgccgagtataagcaggagcaacgaagaaacagaggtgtttcttcggctcaattcaaagcagaggcagaggctatcagagaagaacttgaacaagatatttttcaagcagaggcggatttgtacgcaataaagggcggaattgaacttgaagagatgcgtttggaacaccgaaaagaggaaatttccgaggaattaggacaactcacctctgaaataacctctaaaagggcggaattagcccaaatttcgtcagaaaccgaaaaagcacagaatatgcttatcgaaaccgaaaatcgtcttaaaacggcaaatacgaggttacagagtattcataacatgattgaacaagcagagaagtattatcatgttatttgtgacggtttgaaggcttgtgatgatttaagagatttaattggttttgttaaagacctcgcagaggttctgagggataaggacggcatcgaacttgccgagaaatctgaaaccaagcgtatatcacttactgaccgcattaagggtactgataaagcctataaagaacatcgcaccttcggtgcaggaagaacaataaagaaaaatgattatgatgatagataa
>gene_50824|Mobilization protein
agttattcatttcacatatcaaacaagtctaatgccataactggcactaacaagctaggtcaggcaagcaagcacaacctgagggggtatgagagtaaggactatgacaggtcactcatcagcatcatgcgtggctctgataatatcctgaatgatgttaaagaggtgtatgacagagagttctctgaagctctgtgcgaatacaataaaaaagtgagagctgacagaaggatagacgattatcttgaacatgtcagcaattcaaggagtgactgtgcagtagaggtcataattcaggtgggggataaggagttctggaaggataaggagatgactgacaagaaggtcatggcatatatctttgaagaccagataagaagcttggagaagctctgtcctgaatttaaggttgcttcagcagtggctcactatgatgaaaagtcgccacaccttcacatcattggtgtaccagtggcagaaggatatcagaagggcatgtcaaaacagtgtgcaaagacaaaggtattcactcaagctaggctctccatgttacaagaccagatgagacaacgagccgagaagggaatcgagatgaatagagctgtcttcggtgatgtggagctgaaggaaaaggagaagggaagaaacaaggatattccgaaggagagccttgacgagtattacaagattcaggaagatataaaacatagcaatgtagctttgctttatgctcaaaatgagcttgaaaaggctcaaggggtactagaggataccttagagactaaaaatcgaaatttgggcgaaatacaaaagcaagaagctatcctgacacatcaacaagggctgatacaagaaaaaggacaagagcttgctttcttcgatgaagaggtcaagaagctcaaaggggagttggtggaacaagaggagctgaaggagaggaaggctgacatactgggaaaagtcaaagtgccatgggaagaatatcaaggcttgtatcatcttgctactgttcaggaagatgttaagcagctacaaaaatcgctgaccatagaaaaggctgcagtcgaccagaagcttgttgaactgtccgagaaggacatgagagctgatgagatgcttcaggaagcagacaagaagcttcaggaagcagaggacaggcttcagaaagctccacactataagcaaaaggctattgagtacagaaacaaggctaaggagcttcagaaggagaatgaggagcttcaggaaactgtagaaagtcagctttctgaattggcaagtacagaatttgcctataatgagcttgataagagacttgaggttatgggtgataagttaatggagcaagagaaggagctatctctctttcggaaggtgtttggacaacttaaggactgggttattgataagctccacaagttatttgaccttgagacagtcatcagagaacctgaaggcaagcttagtcaacttaataagctcaaagacagtcaggggtatgctcatggaccgtatgctcaatcttatggtggcaagcttcagtacttttggcaagatgagaatgggaagaatgataatagcaatcttgaagggtgcttaagaagagcttattatccattggcaaatgagatacacaaggaaaatcaagaccttgtgaagcttcttgaccaggatatcctggctaaatctgtaaaggctcatgagaagtaccaggagcaagaacagacatacaaaagaagtggtaaatcaatatag
>gene_31224|Mobilization protein
atgggggttagttattcatttcacatatcaaacaagtctaatgccataactggcactaacaagctaggtcaggcaagcaagcacaacctgagggggtatgagagtaaggactatgacaggtcactcatcagcatcatgcgtggctctgataatatcctgaatgatgttaaagaggtgtatgacagagagttctctgaagctctgtgcgaatacaataaaaaagtgagagctgacagaaggatagacgattatcttgaacatgtcagcaattcaaggagtgactgtgcagtagaggtcataattcaggtgggggataaggagttctggaaggataaggagatgactgacaagaaggtcatggcatatatctttgaagaccagataagaagcttggagaagctctgtcctgaatttaaggttgcttcagcagtggctcactatgatgaaaagtcgccacaccttcacatcattggtgtaccagtggcagaaggatatcagaagggcatgtcaaaacagtgtgcaaagacaaaggtattcactcaagctaggctctccatgttacaagaccagatgagacaacgagccgagaagggaatcgagatgaatagagctgtcttcggtgatgtggagctgaaggaaaaggagaagggaagaaacaaggatattccgaaggagagccttgacgagtattacaagattcaggaagatataaaacatagcaatgtagctttgctttatgctcaaaatgagcttgaaaaggctcaaggggtactagaggataccttagagactaaaaatcgaaatttgggcgaaatacaaaagcaagaagctatcctgacacatcaacaagggctgatacaagaaaaaggacaagagcttgctttcttcgatgaagaggtcaagaagctcaaaggggagttggtggaacaagaggagctgaaggagaggaaggctgacatactgggaaaagtcaaagtgccatgggaagaatatcaaggcttgtatcatcttgctactgttcaggaagatgttaagcagctacaaaaatcgctgaccatagaaaaggctgcagtcgaccagaagcttgttgaactgtccgagaaggacatgagagctgatgagatgcttcaggaagcagacaagaagcttcaggaagcagaggacaggcttcagaaagctccacactataagcaaaaggctattgagtacagaaacaaggctaaggagcttcagaaggagaatgaggagcttcaggaaactgtagaaagtcagctttctgaattggcaagtacagaatttgcctataatgagcttgataagagacttgaggttatgggtgataagttaatggagcaagagaaggagctatctctctttcggaaggtgtttggacaacttaaggactgggttattgataagctccacaagttatttgaccttgagacagtcatcagagaacctgaaggcaagcttagtcaacttaataagctcaaagacagtcaggggtatgctcatggaccgtatgctcaatcttatggtggcaagcttcagtacttttggcaagatgagaatgggaagaatgataatagcaatcttgaagggtgcttaagaagagcttattatccattggcaaatgagatacacaaggaaaatcaagaccttgtgaagcttcttgaccaggatatcctggctaaatctgtaaaggctcatgagaagtaccaggagcaagaacagacatacaaaagaagtggtaaatcaatatag
>gene_54606|Mobilization protein
atgggggttagttattcatttcacatatcaaacaagtctaatgccataactggcactaacaagctaggtcaggcaagtaagcacaacctgagggggtatgagagtaaggactatgacaggtcactcatcagcatcatgcgtggctctgataatatcctgaatgatgttaaagaggtgtatgacagagagttctctgaagctctgtgcgaatacaataaaaaagtgagagctgacagaaggatagacgattatcttgaacatgtcagcaattcaaggagtgactgtgcagtagaggtcataattcaggtgggggacaaggagttctggaaggataaggagatgcctgacaagaaggtcatggcatatatctttgaagaccagataagaagcttggagaagctctgtcctgaatttaaggttgcttcagcagtggctcactatgatgaaaagtcgccacaccttcacatcattggtgtgccagtggcagaaggctatcagaagggtatgtcaaaacagtgtgcaaagacaaaggtattcactcaagctaggctctccatgttacaagaccagatgagacaacgagccgagaagggaatcgagatgaatagagctgtctttggtgatgtggagctgaaggaaaaggagaagggaagaaacaaggatattcctaaggagagccttgatgagtattacaagattcaggaagatataaaacaaagcaaggagcttttgttttatgctcaaaatgagcttgaaaaggctcaaggggtactagaggataccttagagactaaaaatcgaaatttgggcgaaatacaaaaacaagaagctatcctgacacatcaacaagggctgatacaagaaaaaggacaagagcttgctttcttcgatgaagaggtcaagaagctcaaaggggagttggtggaacaagaggagctgaaggagaggaaggctgacatactgggaaaagtcaaagtgccatgggaagaatatcaaggattgtatcatcttgctactgttcaggaagatgttaagcagctacaaaaatcgctgaccatagaaaaggctgcagtcgaccagaagcttgttgaactgtccgagaaggacatgagagctgatgagaagcttcaggaagcagaggacaggcttcagaaagctccacactataagcaaaaggctattgagtacagaaacaaggctaaggagcttcagaagaagaatgatgagcttcaggaaactgtagaaagtcagctttctgaattggcaagtacagaatttgcctataatgagcttgataagagacttgaggttatgggtgataagttaatggagcaagataaggaactatctctctttcggaaggtatttggacaacttaaggactgggttattgataagctccacaagttattagaccttgagacagtcatcagagaacctgaaggcaagcttagtcaaatcaataagctcaaagacagtcagggttactctcatggaccttatgctcaatcttatggtggcaagcttcagtatttttggactgatgagaaaggaaacaaggataatagcaaccttgaggggtgtttaagaagagcttattatccgttagcaaacgagatacacaaggaaaatcaagaacttacgaggcttctcgaccagggaatcctggctaaatctgtaaaggctcatgagaagtaccaggagcaagaacagacatacaaaagaactggaaaatcaatatag
>gene_33018|Relaxase/Mobilisation
gtgaacaaggctctcgcatacattcttgatccgcagaaaacagatgaccagctctatgtctcttcctatggttgcgctgccagcgatgccgcagcgaaggaatttgagtggacaagaaatcttgctgctcaacaaggaatgcagatgccgaaggtgatcgcccgacatctgatccaatcctttgcggttgatgaagtcacgccggaacaagcgcatgaaatcggtaagcagtttgccgacgaatggctcaagggaaagtacgagtatgtgattgcaacgcacatcgacaaggggcattgccacaatcatattatctttaacgctgtccactatgttgacttccatgcgtaccgaagcaataagaaaacctatcgtgagatgcggcatctcagtgatgagatatgtgctgaacacgggctgtcagttattcctccctctcagggaaaaggcatggactacaaggaatacaccgaagccaaacgcggtacaagttggaagcaaaaactcaagcagaccattgatcgctgtgtgatcacagcaaaggactacgatgagtttttgaagctgatgcaggacgccggatatgaaatcaaaaccggcaaatacatctccttccgtgccgaagggcaagatcgtttcacccgtgcaaaaaccatcggagataactacaccgaggaccggatcaaggaacgcattcaaggacgcaatgcccgcagacggcagatgcagaacggcaggaagaacatctctctcatcagcgatattcaaaacagaattaagcagatcgacagcaagggctttgagcattctatgaagattaagatcctcaaagaagccgccagaacgctcaattacctcactgagaacgagcttcttcaatatgccgatcttgaaaagaaagtcgaagacatccatagttcttatgagcgtaccggcgctgacttgaaagtcgttgaagcgcagctccgaaaggtgcaaccgcttatcaagaatatctcaacctatcaaaagctcaagccggtctacgatgcctactcaaagacgaagaacaagcagagttttcgagctgcgcacgaggcagagcttgtcgtttttgaagcaacaggcatcgtgaaaaagctggatgattttgagcggctgattaccatgcaggacggcacgaagattccgatggatgacattctgactattgagagtgatgcgttctcatcgcttgaacaatactaa
>gene_4664|recombinase
atgacgggccggggaagtattcggcacaacaacaggagcttttcggcggcgaatgtagaccggagccggtcggggcagaatgtcaccttttgcaacgaggatttgaaaaaggtgtaccacgagctttttgatgaagccctggctgcctacaacgccaaaaagaaaaagaccagggataagataccagactactatgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaagctatttcacgaggctatctttcagatcggcaacttgacggactgcgggtgcggctcccctggaggggaacgggctgcggcagctcttaaagaatttgcagagtccttccaggagcgcaaccctcatctgcgggtgttcaatatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacgccccacctccatgtggacttcgtgcctgtggcaacagagcagagccggggcctctcaacgcgggtatcaatgaaacaagcattaaagcagcagggatttgaagggctgggccggaagcagacggaatggaaagcctggatggaacgggagaaagaagctctaacggaaatcgcccaggcgcacgagtttgagatcatcagcctgggaggtggtcggactcatatggagctgccagagtacagggcagcggcccagcgacttgaagctgtccaggaacaagtgatagcggcagagcaggagatcgcggccctggaaaagcagagaaaggccctgcaagggaatgtgaagctgctgaaagcggtggagaaggtcaagcccgatctggacgcaatacagccggaaaagacgctgacaggggccgtcaagggtgtgacggtggatcaggtgaaggagctgaaggcggcggtgatccggggcgcggcggcagagcagaaggtgcgagagctgaaggtagaaaaccaacagcttcagcagaaaatcccctcgatgaaagaaaagctgaaggaggcccaggagcggcagcggcttgaaaatgaaaaccggcagctcaaagtgaagatagggtacttggaagaagatttgagctgggagcgcgggatttcggcgcggctccaggaagggatcggggcggtgttggactttctggatcggcacttgccggagcagttccggcccctggtcgaaaaggcgcgggagctgttacctgtgccagaggtgcagcagccggagagagagcaagaacggagccacacctggggcggtatggagctgtaa
>gene_51833|recombinase
atgacgggccggggaagtattcggcacaacaacaggagcttttcggcggcgaatgtagaccggagccggtcggggcagaatgtcaccttttgcaacgaggatttgaaaaaggtgtaccacgagctttttgatgaagccctggctgcctacaacgccaaaaagaaaaagaccagggataagataccagactactatgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaagctatttcacgaggctatctttcagatcggcaacttgacggactgcgggtgcggctcccctggaggggaacgggctgcggcagctcttaaagaatttgcagagtccttccaggagcgcaaccctcatctgcgggtgttcaatatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacgccccacctccatgtggacttcgtgcctgtggcaacagagcagagccggggcctctcaacgcgggtatcaatgaaacaagcattaaagcagcagggatttgaagggctgggccggaagcagacggaatggaaagcctggatggaacgggagaaagaagctctaacggaaatcgcccaggcgcacgagtttgagatcatcagcctgggaggtggtcggactcatatggagctgccagagtacagggcagcggcccagcgacttgaagctgtccaggaacaagtgatagcggcagagcaggagatcgcggccctggaaaagcagagaaaggccctgcaagggaatgtgaagctgctgaaagcggtggagaaggtcaagcccgatctggacgcaatacagccggaaaagacgctgacaggggccgtcaagggtgtgacggtggatcaggtgaaggagctgaaggcggcggtgatccggggcgcggcggcagagcagaaggtgcgagagctgaaggtagaaaaccaacagcttcagcagaaaatcccctcgatgaaagaaaagctgaaggaggcccaggagcggcagcggcttgaaaatgaaaaccggcagctcaaagtgaagatagggtacttggaagaagatttgagctgggagcgcgggatttcggcgcggctccaggaagggatcggggcggtgttggactttctggatcggcacttgccggagcagttccggcccctggtcgaaaaggcgcgggagctgttacctgtgccagaggtgcagcagccggagagagagcaagaacggagccacacctggggcggtatggagctgtaa
>gene_33060|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgacgggccggggaagtatccggcacaacaacaggagcttttcagcggcgaatgtagaccgaagcaggtcggggcagaatgtcaccttttgcaacgaggatttgaagaaggtgtaccacgaacttttcgatgaagccctggccgcctacaatgccaaaaagaaaaagaccagggacaagataccagattactatgagcatatccggcagagcaagcaggagaagctatttcacgaggctatctttcagatcggcaacttgacggactgcgggtgcggctcccctggaggggaacgggcggcggcagctctcaaagaatttgcagagtccttccaggagcgcaatcctcatctgcgggtgttcaatatggtgctgcacatggacgaggccacgccccacctccatgtggacttcgtgccggtggcaacggagcagagccgaggcctctcaacgagggtatcaatgaaacaagcgttaaagcagcaaggatttgaggggcttggccggaagcagacggaatggaaagcctggatggaacgggagaaagaagccctaacggaaatcgcccaggcgcacgagtttgagatcatcagcctgggcggtggccggcctcatatggagctgccagagtacagagcagcggcccagaggcttgaagctatccaggaacaggtgacagcggcagagcaggagatcgcggccctggaaaagcagagaaaggccctgcaagggaatgtgaagctgctgaaagcggttgagaaggtcaagcccgatctggatgcaatacagccggaaaagacgctgacaggggccgtcaagggcgtgacggtggagcaggtgaaggagctgaaggcggcggtgatccggggcgcggcggcagagcagaaggtgcgggagctgaaggtagaaaaccaacagcttcagcagaaaatcccttcgacgaaagaaaagctgaaggaggcccaggagcggcagcggcttgaaaatgaaaaccggcagctcaaagtgcaggtggaatacctggaagaagatttgagccgggagcgcgggttttcggcgcggctccgggaagggatcggggcggtgctggatttcctggatcggcacttgccggagcagttccggcccctggtcgaaaaggcgcgggagctactacctgtgccagaggtgcagcagccggaaagagagcaggaacggggccacacctggggcggtatggagctgtaa
>gene_9027|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggcaaagctacagcaaaagcgaaagcagaaccccaaaattgaactacggccgatgtctgacggccagatagggctttatctcgagtactacttaggcagcaagcgcgaacccgtcaccgatgaatacggcgaccccgtgttatatgagagcggccggatgaaggggacaccgaaagtcaaggtgactcattttagacgcaaagaaaaactgccgttctatttggtggcctcgccgcgaacgcccttagaccgacaacacaatgacgaggtgcttgcaaaggctgaggccatacgatttgagcgtgaacaagaacttatcaatgatagtgaaggcttccggcttaagaaacgtggaaagacgaacctgttggacttcttcgacacgttcgtagaacaaaccacggtagccaacaaaaaggtactgcaaggagtcttgcgcaactttagaacgttcctgaaagaagactacccgcactttagcgagcgcatagaggccaggtatttgacgaaggagatgatggagcggttcttggaatacctgacccactaccaccggggacagggtatagaaacctattacaagcgtttcaagcgaatccttaactatgccgtagaaaagggagagctgcgcacgaacccgtgcagggggatttcaacgccttgtaccgatgatgttttggccaaggccgtactcagcgccgaggaactgcaacagctattcagcacacactacgctggcgagaaccccgaaatacgccgagccttcgccatgacgtgcctgagtggcataaggcgtaacgacatcgttaggcttacatatagcgacgttgactatagtaacaaaacgctgacgtttcggcagcataagacagccgggcgcagcaagaaaagcggcgtagtgataccgcttaacgccacgctgttgtcattgatcgggcgaaagccaaaaggggctgcagatgatttcatattccacctcccgagcgatacaatgtgtttgaaagccttgcgccgatggacgaaaaaagcgggcatagagaaacatatcacttggcactgtggccgtcatagctttgccaccatcgtcttaaccaatggggctaacatcaaagtcgtgtcaagcctcttaggtcatagcagcctgaaactaacggaggtttacgtgagagcggtggaggacgcacgacgcaaggccattgacagcttaccaacgattaaagcatag
>gene_7718|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggctatataccataacaacacaggtatatgcagtggaagcaaaggagggtcagcagttgcaagcatagcatatcaatctgctgacaaagtttattgtgagcaagagggggtctataaagactatacaaggaaagagaatgtattggacaatggcatagtaaaaccagtaaatgcaccagattggacattagatagagaaagactgtggaatgaagttgagaaaaaggaaggattaaagggacagtatgctagaaaacaccacatagcattacccaaagaacttgatttagaccagcagaagaaacttgtattagaatactgtaactacttatcagagcagggaatggtatgtgattgggctatacataataacaaagatggcacaaacccacattgccacataatgaccacaatgaggtcttttgatgaaaaggggaactggagagcaaaagaaaaaaatgtaacagtcagggacaaagatgggaaagccatctgtatagggagggacaaaaatggcagaaagagatataagcacacaacaatcaaattgacagactgggacaaaaaagaaacactggtcaagtggagagaacagtgggcagacttatcaaacaaggcattagagcaagcaggctctaatgagagaatatctgcaaaaagttataaagcccaaggtaaatcagatataccaacccaacatctaggttatcaagccaatgaattagagaaaaagggaatacagactgaaagaggggactggaatagagaagtaaaaaagtttaatgctgaactaaatcagttgataagcaaatcagagcaacttgaaaaagctataaagaaagcagaggtaatttattatgagcaatcaagaaaacaacttaaatccaatgttagacagactttcaacaagagcagaaaatggggacagagaagcacaagtcttgttatgtcagattccagaggactgcatctgcaagaaatgcaggaactctttttggggttggggcaaaacattgaatggggacacttacatgattcagctaatatgtatggagattggagcactaatgctgaagttgggggcaagggcaacaaagggaatatcagagagagcacaactagaaaatcaaatggtattcagagattgcagcttgttccagcccatagcagaggatactgtagaagagcagtaacaatctgcacactagcagacatgacaacagaagaacataaagaaatagcatctaagtttaaacccttattggaacaggctctaaagcaggatagcaatgattataagaaagcatggcatgatattagggagaatactgtctttgctagaagtcaaaaaggcaatttatttttgctaaacatcaataaaaataaagccattgaaaagggtttacttaattcagatggcaagccaaagcaaatcatggcaatgcagatagcaaagggagcaaaagaaactggaggagaactcttaagtgctggcaaagactgtattggagtgtttacttcagcatttgatgataagtccagggaagataatctgaaagatgtatataagaatatgaagaaagcacttaaaacccctgtcaatgtggtaggggatatactgacaaaccccataactgctattttgaaactgcctgcaagagcattacaagcaatatcagcagtagcacaagcaggtatgagttttgctaaagctactgtatctgaaagtagagaaacaaaagttaggtctaggacttattga
>gene_13954|Rep
gtggcaatacctctgattttattgaggacaaaaaaagaccgtctttacggtcaaaatagttatgggaatggcatagaaaggtttggtattggtaacgaaatcaagggatttcttcgtgggatttttacgggtgtcattattgacaaaaaaaggggctctgtgctattcttagattaccacatcaaaagaaaatacacagaacccagcaacacaatcagaaccacccggaggcgattctatatgtccgatttcaatattaccattcccgagcctgacagtcaagcagagattttaacggacaagtcccccacgggccgggaacggccatggagggagaaaaagatgggcaacgagctattagcgactgcctatgagtccgtaaacccggataaagccggacgattgcggatgtgcggcgacttcctgacttttaccatcctgaccgacgggagcaagaaactgaaaaccatgaatagctgccgggtgcggctctgtcctctctgtacatggcggcgaagcttgaaggtacaagcaaacacgattgagatactcaaggccatagaggggaagtatgctttcatcctacttactctcactttggagaactgtgccggtgaggacttatccaagactttggatttgatgtttgccgcatggcagcggcttacgcagcgtaagcaattcaaggacgctgttaagggctggtatcgtgctcttgaagtcactcataatgtcacgtgggggaacaaatggtacgatacataccacccgcatttccatgctatccttgtggtcaataagagttacttcaagaacaagacctatgtgaaacatgaggagtgggtggaactctggcggcagagtatccgtgtggattacgctcccaaggtcaatgttaagaaagtcaagggcgacaccgtccaagatgtgataaaggccaccgccgaggtggcgaagtattccgttaaggatgccgattacattatcccagatgactgggatttgaccgttgatactgtccgtattctggataaggctctggagaatcgccgtcttgtggcctatggcggcattatgagggagctacataagcagcttaatctggaagatgaggaaaccggtgacctcattaacgtggactctgaggacagcacggctgcacctacggagcgagaggaagtctattggtggtacaccggataccggcagtatatcaggaggggatga
>gene_33433|replication protein, partial
atgctccattgcgtcgattccgcagcggacatagcaaaaaaatacggagtcaatgcggcggtgctggcctgcttcctttgggattgtattgagcagaaaagcaccgagtcaccgcagctccacgagggcaaggtctgggtgcgctgttcggtgcagatgatgaccggctttttcccgtttctgtcctacgatgagatccgctatgccctgaaacggctggtcaaggggcgggtactcaccaagggacagttcaacgagagccgttttgaccgcacgaactggtacgcctttaccgagttcggacaattcctgatggcagaaagcgagggacggacgcaatga
>gene_45701|Mob
agggagcacaacaaacgcaatcccagggtcatactgaaggaagaccatatcgacccagagggtcacttcgaaatatggattgatgaagaccccaaggttgcctatgagcggattttcggtcaagcctgcgaggcatacaatgccaagcagaccaaggaagaccgaaaaatccaggactactatgccaaaatctgcaaggatgaaaaaaagcatccagtctatgaaatgataatcggcatttatggtcgcaaccccgatggctcgccagtatgcagcaaagccgaggggcgcaacatactgcgagctttcgtcgatgactggaaacgcagaaacccaaacctggagctcatcggtgcgtattatcatgccgatgaggagggcgcaccccatgtccacctggactatattccagttgccagggggtacaccaagggcatggaggtgcagacctctatttccagggcgctgcagcagcaaggttgtgcagcccaggggcagcaaaccgagcagatgcagtggcaagccagggagaaccagcacctgggcaatctgtgcggcatccgtggcatgacggtgctgcaccctggtagtgcgtcacataaagagacggaagtatttaaagccgagaaacggctgcaggagttgcagcagtcttcggctgccttgtctcaggagattgacgaaaagaagaaagagctcgagactgccagggatgacctggaaagtatgcgggctcgcaagagccttttcggggtagtcctggaagtcatcgagcagcccgatgacccaatcgaggtggaacgcatacccgccaagaagaagaccctcacaaagcccgcagagcccgccaaggtggtcatgcgggaggatgactacaccaatctctgcaggcgagctcaagccagcagctggcttgacatagccatccataaactgaagagcctgggcgagcgttttgtaaaagagaccaatcgcagcagccgcatagccgacctgcaggaaaggctgcaggctgcggagattgaagccaggaacgcaaagctgcagctcgactactcccgagccgaggtctcgcagctgcaggcggagatgaccgagcagcaggattttatgctgcagaacagaaccagggatggtcgaaccctctgggatatattcgtccagttcatcactaaagaacgcgagagggaatacctgcaggaacagtcattcgaacgaggtgagtga
>gene_26265|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcagggtatttggacagtagaaaattaactaatgtaaaaggcagaataaaatatataacaaacaaagacaaacaagaaaatatagttgattattttaacactgcagataacgaattttggaaaatgttagcgaaagaaaaccaagaaagacatagacaagtaaaagctggaggaaagtgttgtgaagcaagagaattaataataggcatacctcaaaacgctacaattactgctgaacaaatatgtaatacttttaaaaacaagtatggagttgagtgttcttgtgcgattcatcaaaacaataaagagggagtcataaataagcattgtcatttgatttttagtgaaagagtaaaattagatgttccagaaagagtagcagaaaagagagcagcaagaacttattattacgatgaaaagggaaataagtgtaaaaaagctgaagcagtaaagacagtaaaaaagggaactatactacaaaaagacttaactaggtatttttcagacaagaacgaatattttaaaactcaaaaatttgtatatgactgcaaggaacttttcttaaaaaacttactgcagatagattggtctttaagagcagaaaagcaaaacaaagaactttcagaaaagcatattggaaaaaacaaccctaaagccgaatatatcaaacaaaacaataaattaaaatcaatgctaaaaaatgtatgtaatgcaagtgattttatttttgagcaagaaaagggctatgctttagaagattttaaaaagggttatggaataaaaagtttttcaataagaaattttgaagaaaacgaatataaggtttatagatttgttgaagaaactcaagtacgatacagacaaagagttaaagatgatgtgaaacagcataatgcaataaatagagatattagatatctccaagataatagtagtaattatggtatggaaaaagttcaagaaataattataaatgattatgaacaagagaataaaacaaaagacaaaccaaaagttattgaatttttaaaaaataaaatatcaaaaatgcttgaaagaattaaaaaattaatatctttacaagatgatttatatatagaacctaaaaacaaaatagagataattcaagataggcgagatcatagtttggagattagagatgaaagctattttagagagcaaaaacaaattgaaagagatgattttgacctggaaatgtag
>gene_35728|Replication protein RepB
atgaataatgaactacaactgtacaagccaaatgaacttgtttctgtcataagtacgatggaactaaacagaactgcacgtcacctctttaattattttttgcagtatgcacaaaaaaagatcaagtttgaaaactatcaagatgatacattcagagtgaacattaatgagctaaatgagcttgcggaaataactcaaaaaaatcataagttactagacaaagcattagacaacttaatgaaagctgtcactttaacaaacgataataaacatatcattaagctagttcctgtaacgtttgtgaacgttgatatttcaacaggtgaatatgtcttcacactccaacgtttagtaattgatttactgcgtcaaacagattacttcactaaacttaacttgttagagtttaatcctcttaaatcaaaacactcaataattctgttggagcacttaaaacggtatgagaagctcaacaagatccctgaacttagtattgatttgcttcggcagataactgacactcaaaaaaagtatccgaatttcaacaacttacagcaaaaagttcttgacgtagctgttaatgagattaacgcatacacaaactacaatgttagttatgagctgattaaaacaaaggctaaaactagaccgaaagtatcagctattcagttttatttagctaaaaaagtactagaagctacaaactctccaacagtagaagtgcaagcagcgggcttggagtctgaagaacctttaggggggcaagaagcccaatacgcccaagaaatgacggtagacgaagcattcggtttgttcgccgaatttaagcgagtttttacagacttgactaaagagcagtacaactttgcaacatacaagtacacgtataaaactctaaacaagtttgctgacagcattgcaaagtataccaagacttacacaacagaaaacttctggcaatggcttgctgaccgcactaaaaatctagagttttatcaagaaagagcgatgcaatttgaaatgatagatgtacttaacagctttatcgcaaaccaacaattcaaactgcaagatcaagacgttgcgcaagttagagcgttggtcggagcgtacgggacagtagagtacaaggatttcgtgcctcaacttgcagatttgtacaacatgtgttttccaaaaaacacatataatccgtttcaaaaaatgcttgagcgcatgcagtaa
>gene_41667|plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaatgccttaaccgagttgttaggatattcacgtaaaactatttcacttgcagtacgataccttaaggacaaaggttggctttgcgttttaaaaagtggtacgactaacatttatattttgaatcccgaaatcgtttggactagttatgataatcaaaaaaaatactgcaagttccaaactaatgttattgttacaccaagtgaaaatgctgagtacctgaaatcagttaaagccagttttaagtacaaacatatcgatgataactttataaatggagttaaagaaaaacaaaaagagtttgaaaagagtttagaacaatttaaagaactcgcgtaa
>gene_50178|replication protein DnaD
ttgatatatgagacgctgaaggcgcgtatagagtatccatccattgtgaccttttataacaaagatgagctggacaaccttgtagacatcatggttgagatgttcagttgccaaagccccactcttgaaatagccaaggtcaaataccccatcaagcttgtacgaaagcggctttggagcattgacagtatccggatgaaggacatcgttgacacccttgaaaaagtatctactgaaccaaccaatgtcaagtcgtatatcatgacggttcttttcaacgctccttcaacccacgccctgcgtgacggccctcgtataaggaactggcttggatga
>gene_57022|Plasmid replication protein
atgaaattaagaagatacgaggttgtatgtgatataaatcacattgacgaagagacgttgaaaaatgctgttatgaacgaggctgtttcgaagtatgcttatatactacataataaagatttgaaagaggacggcacagaaaagacgccacattatcacgttcttatatggttaaaatatagttgtgatagtaaatacgtctgctcgtggtttaagatacctgaaaacttcgtggggaagatccgtttcgatcatactgctcttgaatacttaacacacatgaacgctcctgaaaaacatcaatatgaagcctccgaggttgtttcgagttttgatattgaagaggtaataaaagcaggcagaacggccattgaaaaagacgaaagattaaatgagattataacaaaaataagcgcgggcgaaattgggagttttgaaataacgaattatgtttcaccgtctgaatatgttaaatgggagaagaaaattaagacggctttcgagtaccgtcgcaaaaagattatgctcgagacgaaaggagaacgaaatatgaaatgctttttcttaactggtgatagtggaacaggtaaaaccactttcgcgaaacaatattgtaaagataatcacttgtccttttttgtatcatctggaagtaatgatccattggacggatacgacgggcaggacgtaattatacttgacgatttacgcccctctgtttatggtttaagcgatcttcttaaacttcttgataataacaccgcttccactgttaagagccgtttttataataagtttatatcgtgttctcatatttttataactaccactctttcgattgattcatttttccgtaatgtgttttccgaagagcctgaaacgtccgttcaattgaaaagacgttgtgaaagtttaatggaatttcatcacgattttatggacttctatatatacgacaaaaacaaaagggactatgttcatgctggtaaaatggagaacatatattgttttgatttaccgaaagaggacttaacagaggccgaggctttcgatttggctgcgagtatgcttggtaatatgtcttcgctgcttaaaaacacgaaagacgtttacctcgcgaataaggaatatgatttaaaagaagcttcgaaagatgatttcacagaggcttataaaaaggccgcagagcttggatggataaaggacaaaaggaacataatatga
>gene_39317|replication protein
atgccaagaactgattcacagaagaaagcagacaagaagtatgatgagaaaaggaaaggtcgtacaaggaattttgcaacggttatctatcctgaatctgctccgattgattggaaagaaaggttaattgaattacatattcctgttctgattagtccattgcacgataaagatataaatccatcaggagagcctaagaaagcacattatcatattatgttaatgttcgataatgttaaagattttgaaagtcaggtacagcctatatttgatgagatagggggtgtcggtagagaaataattaatagtgcgagaggctatgcaagatat
>gene_42742|mobilization protein, partial
ttgacaccattgaacgtatacctaggatttgatagagaagattatacatcaatggagcgagcgagaatattcagagagaagttaaaaaagagaatcgaagaagtagatgcactaattccccctgtaagggtaagaaaagatagaatagtaatgcaggaaatagaatttcctgctcccagagaagaaataagtgatggagaaagcatagagtatttcaaacgtctatatgagcgattaaaggagtattttggggaagagaatgtattaccatcagcaatacatgtagatgagaaacatctgtacaatgattttgatggaaaacatatgagt
>gene_52398|Replication protein
atggatgtcaatgaaattgccgttatacagtcacggatagaagaattaacgcaaattaaatcgtattgtattatcacgcacgataaggatattcttccaagtggggaaatcaagccccctcattttcacgctgttttgacctttaagaatgcgaccactatcaactcaatagctaaggctattggtgttgctccgcaatatgtcaataaaatcaaaagcacgaccaaaacagcacagctgtatttggttcaccgtaacaatcccgagaaatatcaatatagtcctgaggatgttaaagcaaattttgattatgtcactttcactgacgat
>gene_4362|conjugal transfer protein TraE
tccaacgctttccttgtcacccaggatgacatcatcatctgtgacccggaggccgagtatgctccgctggtgcagcgtctccatggacaggtcatcaaaatctcccccacctccgaagatcacgtgaatcccatggacttgaatctggattactccgatgatgacagtcccctgtccctcaaatctgacttcatcctgtccctctgtgaactgattgtcggcggaaaagagggtttgcagcctgtccagaaaactatcattgaccggtgtgtcaggctggtgtatcaggaatatctgaatgacccaaagccggaaaagatcgcattccggtga
>gene_56206|Replication protein
ggcaaaggcattaatgcaaatgaccctttaactattcatgctgaaagctatattaatcagttttcagcacataggaatacagcttacgaaggcttgaaaagtgcatgtaaggcactgttttcaagatatttcacatatcaagaacctagaggaaaggctatagctaatattcaaagtcgttgggtttcacaaattgcttatattgatgaacaggcaaaagtcgagattatctttgctcctgccatcattccattgattacacgcttagaaaaagaatttacaaagtacgacatacaacaggtttctggactatcaagcggttatgcaataaggctttatgagctattgattgcttggcgtagcacaggcaaaacgcctattattgaaataaatgaatttagaaaaaagcttggtgttcttgatactgaatacaagcaaatgaataattttaaaagccgtgttttagagcctgcaatcactcaaattaacgaaaaaaccgacattaaaattaaagtcgaacagcataaaacaggacgttctattacaggattttcattcaagtttaagcaaaaacaaacggcaatttctgagaaaacaatatctacacaacgagatcaaaacacgcccgatctattcaccaaaatgacagatccgcaacgctttctatttgctcacaagctgtctgaaatgcctgaaatgagtaaatactctgagggtacagaatcctttcaagattttgcgaaacgcatagcagacatgcttttagagcctgaaaagttcagaaagttctatccgtttttagaaaagctaggattcggttctaaacaaatcgcaccaactgcaccagtagaaaaaaagaaagaatacacaattgatgatcacatatttattgattacagcagtaagaaaaatttcacgccattcaaaagtaatgtattcaatattgctcgtgaaaaaaaatataagcacttaaaaattgagggtgaaaaaatggtggattttgaaaaaagaattgcagagatgcttttggacgaaaaacagcaaaaagtattttttgaatttttcaaacatagcttagatcaaaaacatgctcgtgaagctctcaataaataa
>gene_50058|Replication protein
atcattgaagcccgtcaaagtggcaaaggcattaatgcaaatgaccctttaactattcatgctgaaagctatattaatcagttttcagcacataggaatacagcttacgaaggcttgaaaagtgcatgtaaggcactgttttcaagatatttcacatatcaagaacctagaggaaaggctatagctaatattcaaagtcgttgggtttcacaaattgcttatattgatgaacaggcaaaagtcgagattatctttgctcctgccatcattccattgattacacgcttagaaaaagaatttacaaagtacgacatacaacaggtttctggactatcaagcggttatgcaataaggctttatgagctattgattgcttggcgtagcacaggcaaaacgcctattattgaaataaatgaatttagaaaaaagcttggtgttcttgatactgaatacaagcaaatgaataattttaaaagccgtgttttagagcctgcaatcactcaaattaacgaaaaaaccgacattaaaattaaagtcgaacagcataaaacaggacgttctattacaggattttcattcaagtttaagcaaaaacaaacggcaatttctgagaaaacaatatctacacaacgagatcaaaacacgcccgatctattcaccaaaatgacagatccgcaacgctttctatttgctcacaagctgtctgaaatgcctgaaatgagtaaatactctgagggtacagaatcctttcaagattttgcgaaacgcatagcagacatgcttttagagcctgaaaagttcagaaagttctatccgtttttagaaaagctaggattcggttctaaacaaatcgcaccaactgcaccagtagaaaaaaagaaagaatacacaattgatgatcacatatttattgattacagcagtaagaaaaatttcacgccattcaaaagtaatgtattcaatattgctcgtgaaaaaaaatataagcacttaaaaattgagggtgaaaaaatggtggattttgaaaaaagaattgcagagatgcttttggacgaaaaacagcaaaaagtattttttgaatttttcaaacatagcttagatcaaaaacatgctcgtgaagctctcaataaataa
>gene_6318|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
catgtgatgaagtttacaaaggcgagttgtgggcatatgttcgctcatttcgacagaaaagcggaacatatctccaacgagaatttggacagggagaggacacacctcaactacaatctcgccacccatcagacgatggatcagggcgagtttgtacgcaagaggtgtgccgaagtccattgccaaaaccgaaaagatgtgaatgtgatggctacttgggttgttaccgttcccaaggatttgcccgaacaggaacacaaggctttcttccaggcaagctatgatttcctgcaacaacgctatgggcgtgaaaatgtggtgtcggcttatgtccatatggacgaagtaaccccgcatatgcactttgcttttgtccctgtgaagcacggcttcaaagaggacaagaaaaaccccgatatttcgacagaatatcgcaaagtttctgccaaagaggtattgaaccgccgtgaattgcaggcttttcaccctgctttgcaacgctatgtagagagggaattgggtcacgaggtcagcatactgaacgaagcgacaaaagaggggaataagagcattgaggagctgaaaaggcagactgccacggaacggctacaagaagccaacgagaaagccgctcaaatcgtttctaaggctcgtgagggggtcaaggtagtagaacaggacatacaagccttagagggcaagaaaacggctttagagggcgagatagaggcattggaagtcaagctgcaaggtaggcagcttcagatacgggaagtgatggagataaagcccgaatacgaaaaggggctgtttggctcggtaaagggcatcaagggcgttactgtgtccgacatagaaaatctcaaggcaaccgctataaagggcttagaagcccgtgacaggctcgaaaaactgacttttgagtatgagcgggtcaagaaacttgtgccgacgatggacgagagaatgagagacgcacaggacaaaatacgccttgaacagttggaaaaggcgttccagcgtctgccggagcatatccaaaaacagctcttgccggcgaagaacaagagccacgatcggggacgagaaagataa
>gene_43424|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggtatttacagcccccttggaaggctgtataatagcattgaaaaatgatgtaaagggggctttggcaatggctcatgtgatgaagtttacaaaggcgagttgtgggcatatgttcgctcatttcgacagaaaagcggaacatatctccaacgagaatttggacagggagaggacacacctcaactacaatctcgccacccatcagacgatggatcagggcgagtttgtacgcaagaggtgtgccgaagtccattgccaaaaccgaaaagatgtgaatgtgatggctacttgggttgttaccgttcccaaggatttgcccgaacaggaacacaaggctttcttccaggcaagctatgatttcctgcaacaacgctatgggcgtgaaaatgtggtgtcggcttatgtccatatggacgaagtaaccccgcatatgcactttgcttttgtccctgtgaagcacggcttcaaagaggacaagaaaaaccccgatatttcgacagaatatcgcaaagtttctgccaaagaggtattgaaccgccgtgaattgcaggcttttcaccctgctttgcaa
>gene_34876|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
gtgatgaagtttacaaaggcgagttgtgggcatatgttcgctcatttcgacagaaaagcggaacatatctccaacgagaatttggacagggagaggacacacctcaactacaatctcgccacccatcagacgatggatcagggcgagtttgtacgcaagaggtgtgccgaagtccattgccaaaaccgaaaagatgtgaatgtgatggctacttgggttgttaccgttcccaaggatttgcccgaacaggaacacaaggctttcttccaggcaagctatgatttcctgcaacaacgctatgggcgtgaaaatgtggtgtcggcttatgtccatatggacgaagtaaccccgcatatgcactttgcttttgtccctgtgaagcacggcttcaaagaggacaagaaaaaccccgatatttcgacagaatatcgcaaagtttctgccaaagaggtattgaaccgccgtgaattgcaggcttttcaccctgctttgcaacgctatgtagagagggaattgggtcacgaggtcagcatactgaacgaagcgacaaaagaggggaataagagcattgaggagctgaaaaggcagactgccacggaacggctacaagaagccaacgagaaagccgctcaaatcgtttctaaggctcgtgagggggtcaaggtagtagaacaggacatacaagccttagagggcaagaaaacggctttagagggcgagatagaggcattggaagtcaagctgcaaggtaggcagcttcagatacgggaagtgatggagataaagcccgaatacgaaaaggggctgtttggctcggtaaagggcatcaagggcgttactgtgtccgacatagaaaatctcaaggcaaccgctataaagggcttagaagcccgtgacaggctcgaaaaactgacttttgagtatgagcgggtcaagaaacttgtgccgacgatggacgagagaatgagagacgcacaggacaaaatacgccttgaacagttggaaaaggcgttccagcgtctgccggagcatatccaaaaacagctcttgccggcgaagaacaagagccacgatcggggacgagaaagataa
>gene_1583|conjugal transfer protein TraG
gccggatatatccgagatgataaggatgtgctgcggctcattacgaacctgatccgcaacacaacgccgaagaacgcgggcggcagcgaccccttctgggagaaggccgagaccgcgctgctggaggccctgatgttctacctcctgtacgaagcgccggagaatgagcagaacttcggcatgatcattcgtatgctgtcctacgcggatgtgaaggaggagaaggaatcctataaatcccctctggacatgctgttcaacgacctgggcatgaacgacccgaaccatatcgccgtcaagcagtacgatcccttccgctacgttggttga
>gene_17758|recombinase
atgggaaaaacaataagcactcataacggctcttcggcacatagagaccataacattagaaatccaaaggcaacagatttgcaggggcatattgataaggctctatcgggccagaatgaaattctgctcgatgagaagccgagagaagcatataagagaatctttggggaagctctggaaaggtacaatgcaaaacagactagaccggacagagaaataagagactactacaaccatatctgcaaggatgagaagaagcatcctgtttatgagatgattgttcagataggagatagaaatgatactggtattgatgctcctgtggaacgagagtgcttgaaggagttttttgaaggttggaaggagcgtaaccctaatttagagtgtataggtgcttatattcacgcagatgagagcgaaggaactcttcatatgcacctagattatattccagtagcaacgggatataaacgtggcttagaggttcaaaatgggctcgtaaaggctttagaattgcaaggctttaagaaggacaaagaacatcccaaaacggctcaaatccagtgggaagctcgtgaaaatgcagttttagagtcgatttgcaatagccatggtatcgaggtggttcatccagaacgtgacaagaaaaaacatttggatacggaaatttataaggctcagtcagaccttgaaaatgcccgtgaagagttggaaatcattcaagatgttacagataagacatttgaactgaaagcgatttacgaagaggaagcatcaaaggcgcaagatgcgtttaacattatagaccaagaaacttccattcttgaggttagtaaatcgattttggaacgagatataaaggatttggagcagaaaaagggtgaattggaagcgttaattgagcaaaaagcgaagctggagcaggagttaccttctctgcaagagaagatcaacgatgcggaagatgagcttgaggcggtaagaatagcgataaaaagagaaatcagcaaggcagagcctatgtttagaagtggaaatctgtccgagaagatagccgaagcaaaagaagaagctcgtattggacgatttgctaggcgattcgagaggttcttggatgcacatccaaaaattagacagattttcgatgcttgggatagagctgatgcacagcagactcgcacaaatagacctagaaaaagggatgacggacatcacttttaa
>gene_52763|recombinase
atgggaaaaacaataagcactcataacggctcttcggcacatagagaccataacattagaaatccaaaggcaacagatttgcaggggcatattgataaggctctatcgggccagaatgaaattctgctcgatgagaagccgagagaagcatataagagaatctttggggaagctctggaaaggtacaatgcaaaacagactagaccggacagagaaataagagactactacaaccatatctgcaaggatgagaagaagcatcctgtttatgagatgattgttcagataggagatagaaatgatactggtattgatgctcctgtggaacgagagtgcttgaaggagttttttgaaggttggaaggagcgtaagcctaatttagagtgtataggtgcttatattcacgcagatgagagcgaaggaactcttcatatgcacctagattatattccagtagcaacgggatataaacgtggcttagaggttcaaaatgggctcgtaaaggctttagaattgcaaggctttaagaaggacaaagaacatcccaaaacggctcaaatccagtgggaagctcgtgaaaatgcagttttagagtcgatttgcaatagccatggtatcgaggtggttcatccagaacgtgacaagaaaaaacatttggatacggaaatttataaggctcagtcagaccttgaaaatgcccgtgaagagttggaaatcattcaagatgttacagataagacatttgaactgaaagcgatttacgaagaggaagcatcaaaggcgcaagatgcgtttaacattatagaccaagaaacttccattcttgaggttagtaaatcgattttggaacgagatataaaggatttggagcagaaaaagggtgaattggaagcgttaattgagcaaaaagcgaagctggagcaggagttaccttctctgcaagagaagatcaacgatgcggaagatgagcttgaggcggtaagaatagcgataaaaagagaaatcagcaaggcagagcctatgtttagaagtggaaatctgtccgagaagatagccgaagcaaaagaagaagctcgtattggacgatttgctaggcgattcgagaggttcttggatgcacatccaaaaattagacagattttcgatgcttgggatagagctgatgcacagcagactcgcacaaatagacctagaaaaagggatgacggacatcacttttaa
>gene_19511|Bacterial mobilisation protein (MobC)
atgccagatcgcacacgccccatccgaaaggaaatctgcctgaatgaattggaatggaatctcattcagcacaagatgcgccagcttgggacgcacaacttcggcgcatacgcccggaaaatgctccttgacgggtacatcatcaaggtcgattacaccgaacagaaaaagttggctgccgccgtcagccgcattgcatcgaatatcaatcagatttgccgccgcatcaacagcaccgggcatttctacgatgccgacattgccgatctgaaaggcagactggacgatgtttgggaatgcctgaaagcgtcccagaagaacgaactgtaa
>gene_42470|replication protein RepB
atgacagcaaaggaatacataaaagaaactaaagaagcagccgaaaaaggcaggttgtatgatgaacgaaatcaaatggttgttaaatcaaatgatttaataaaaaaatcaagatatgacttaacaacacagcagcagaaagttattttgtatttaataagcaaaatcaagccaacagacacagaatttcaaagatacagcatttcaatatcgcatttctgtgacttatgcggtattgagaaagtcggcaaaaattacatgaatttaaaagacagtattcaagcactaagaaacaagtctttttatgtcaaaaacggcagtaaactg
>gene_35398|Mob protein (Fragment)
atgagctacacgacgacggtgcacatgcagggccagacgcggaaggtcgcgggccacacgatcagccatagctaccgggatgtgccggaccagaacgggcgcttcgtcaaggtcggcaagaacagcaacgtggacccggccaggaccaagcacaaccggtcgtacgtgaacgacggtgccggggggttcaagctctgcacgacgcgcgaggagcctcacgcctacctggatcggcggatcgaggagctgccgaactgggtggagcagaagggcaagaaggttcctcgggggtatcgcaaggacgcgaacctgatggtggagacggtgatccagctggacccggagttcacggggaagtcagaggatgtgctgaacgatcctgcccgcgtccaggagatcgaggaatatctgacggcggcggtcgaggaaatcacggtgatgtacggccaggaaaacgtgatcgggtggaccgtgcagtgggatgagacgtccccgcacgtgcagatgttcagcattcccgtggccgatgatgggcgcatttctcagaagcggttcttcggtggtgatctgggccagaagtcggctcaggcggcgtaccagtccgtgcatgatcgggtgcgtgatcgtctgcgctcggaggggtacgacgcggacatgcaggcccgccgccccggtgccgagcacatcccgtaccgcgcctacggccagctccagcaggagaagggcacagtggcccaggacgccgagcaggtgcgcgtgtcccgccagcaggtccgggccaaggagcaggggctgacggtgcgtgagcaggccctggacgaccgggaggaggagctgaacgtgaaggaacagcagctcaaggagagggccgcacggcagtcccggaacaagcgatggctggacaaggagaaggcccggctggacgaggagcgggagcgcatccgccaggaggagaccgagcgtgctcgagcagctgccgacgccgagttcggggaacgtctggtggccgccaacgagtactgggagaccatgaagggtgtcgtcagcgagctgaacgcgtctacccgccaggtcgttcccggtaagaagcccgagcacatccgccagcagctccagaagggccagcgcgctcacaatgcccttggtgcctcgatcagccgcgctcgtctggccgctgaggccccccaggtccccgaggacgacggcctggagtttgggtga
>gene_21611|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctactatcagcacgcaccagggaacggaaatggacgcgcgtcataaccgacgtgaggtctcgttcgtgatgggcgaaaagcatattgattcgaacggagtacatgagacgtggcgcgactatacatcgctcgaagatgtgtatcgcgacatgttgggagatgcatgcgaagagtacaacaaggggcaaatcgagaagggacatcaggagcgttgcaaaacgccggagatggtacttcacgagatgcaggcgaaatggaacgaagcgaagtcgaacgatgacgggaagaagcaggtttcgcgaacagtggcgccgcccgtgcgcgagatgatagcgggcgtttatccgaaggatggcgagaacgtgagcgaggacgaaatgaagcagatgcttcatgagtacgtcgataggctctcgcaggagaagaacatccgcgtcataggcgcctattatcatgccgacgagcagggttcggcgcctcatgtgcacatcgactttatccccgtgtcgtacagcaacaagcgcgggttgtccgttcaggtgagcatgtcgggggctttgcgggagatgggtttcacggacaaggacgcgaacggcaagacggttcgggcggaaggccttcggaagtggaacgcatatgcgaacggcatgctggaagagatttgcaagcagcacggggtgaccgtcgagcatccgcaggcagggacagatgttgagcatctggataccttggaatacaaggcaagcaaggcgaaggctaaaatcaagcataatcggcaagtattggcaaagcagaaagagacatggcaggcgttgagcgacgagaaggcttctctgaacgacgatatagcctctctgaaggcacagaaggcgaaattagaggcagataaggcagaagtcgataaattgctcacagaggcaaataagagcctcacagaggcaaataagagccttgcagaggtaaaggagcagggacagaagcagattcaggacgaggtggacgcttttaagaagactttgggcggcctcattgaccggtcggtttattgtccgcccaaaaaaggcgttatgcagcagaagtcggttccgctcagacagaagcttgagcatctggaagaggttcacaagaggcggatagcgggaacagcgttgcccgataacgttcaggacatcattcagaggggctccaagggcaaggatggtccgcagatgggatag
>gene_4411|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgatcgagatcttccttgtgacatctattgcccccatccctatggcgactatgaccaatcgggagtcgggcaatatgggacagaactatgagctggctgtcttggacggcggaaaatgtattcttcagctccgaggagtcagaccgttcctttctgacaagtacgatataaccaagcatcccaattacaaatatctggccgactccagtcccaagaacagctttgatgttgcaaagtttctctccacgagattgagactgaagccggatgagatatatgaagtggtcgagattgatctttcaactcagtccacacagccaacaaaataa
>gene_5946|Recombinase
atgcgttgctgttactcgctcgattttggagcggaaggttgctggaaagaagcagacggtagcttccgcgcacgactgtctgaggccattcgagagcgtcatggcgacaacgtggacgaggagcgtatgaacaacaacctcggctggatcaatccgcgctacggcggtgccggttggcaaccgttggcagacgtggcaccggtcgcagaagccgccgtctggacggcgctggaagctctgacgggcatcacacgcggggaagacggcgttctgcgctatgctccaggagccgatgttggaggaaaaaaacctagggacccgacgaaaggcagggcacttcggagagacagcgctatcgccagaagccttattctgcaggcatcccctgccttcttttttccaaaaattcgagaggaggaatggtcacaggacgatatcaactatcgaccgtatgccgagcgtggcgccctcgatatgtctgccgtggcacggtttcaaacggctgccattgcgtgggcgcaggccgaatggggcgaccgactagttgcctgcagcctgcacctcgacgaaatgtccccgcatgtgcacattgtggtgataccggcacgagatggaaaactgtgcagcacgaagatgattgctggtccagcgaaagccaaggcgctcatcgacggcatggcaaaatttttccagccacttggactggcacggccgacggaaggcggtaagagcacgggcgcgacgtacgagcacttcaggcgccttaaagaacgcatacgtgaactgttgctggaggtgcaggcgttgacagcaacgatcgcaacgctacgcaagcaaaaggaagtcgcagaagaagaagcgctggcaagcatgcgcaagcgcctagtcgaaagtgctgtggccagctcccttcagacggcggcaaaagccgcaaaggacgctgaacggaagcgcaaggacaccgaggccgacgcactggctctggaggcatactgtcgggaggcggcagaaactcttcggcgcgaacgggagcgcatcagcgctctgctggcggtcgacgtggacgatgccatggccgcgctcgacatcgttgacggaatggcttcggatatgacggagcgcttgctggcattgacgcctgcggagcggaagcgactctggcagtgtggcgccgtgcaggatgccattcgttcccttcacgactcgccgacaccgagatag
>gene_36732|initiator RepB protein
gaactgaacaaaaaaagcgacctggctgtaacggttgagacgatcaaaaaggggcgcacggttgtagccctgcattttcgcttcaaggaagacaaacagatcaagatgacgatctaa
>gene_33592|Replication initiation protein
caactgaaggggcaattcacgcgcgttgttataaaaaacatatcaggtttatcaagtagttacagtataagaatatacgagttcctccagcaattccgcagtacgggagagagaattattgctcttaatgactttcgttcaatgttagggattgaaaataaatacaaacaattcagagacttaaataaaatactaataaaaccctgtgttgaagaactgaacaaaaaaagcgacctggctgtaacggttgagacgatcaaaaaggggcgcacggttgtagccctgcattttcgcttcaaggaagacaaacagatcaagatgacgatctaa
>gene_40050|Putative replication protein
atggtttcacaaaaatcaactgtaaaagatgatagggcgcgtttatggtgcgcgctcgtctatcccgatagtgcgccggacaattggcgtgatcttttggatatgcatcatattcaatgggctgaaagtccgttgcacgagtttgatgtaaatcccggtacgggagaaatgaaaaaacctcattggcatattattctttcttttgagggcaaaaagagctttgagcaaatatgcgatattttaaagcccgtaggtgctccaattcccgaaagatgtcattcccttgtcggtgctgtccgatatttggtacaccttgataaccccgaa
>gene_33017|Putative mobilization protein Tn1549-like,CTn4-Orf23
atggcaaacagaacacgaccaaatcagatactcttctttgtttcagatgacgagaaacggattatcaaaggaaagatgaaacagcttggtacaaacaacatgggagcgtatcttcgcaagatggcaattgacggttacatcatcaaagtggactacacgcagcagaagaaacttgccgcagcagtatctcgcgcagcggcaaatatcaaccacatttgccgccgaatcaactccacaggacacttctatgaggacgatgttgcagagctgaaagaaaggcaggctgagatatggcgattactaaaatcaagccaatccgaggaactgtga
>gene_57555|Mob protein
atgagcagactggcgtatcacgtggggcactactcggctggatcggtgagcggattggccatgcataactgggccaaaagaggagagcacgacaaccacagcaatcaggacattgaccctggacgcagtaaagacaatatgctgctcttggctccaaagcagctgcatcggaccgtcaaggacagaattgaaacggcctgcactggacgcatcactaaagccagcaactggatcagcgagaccattgtctatcctccggacgacgtcctggagcgtggtgatccggaagagctccggcgatactttgacgacgtcctggattggcatcggcaggaatttggcgcagccaatgtggtggcgtcggtggctcacatggacgagacgactccccatcttcacacagatgtaattccgttgacagcggatggtcggttatcctccaagtcgatctttactcggaaggctctgaatcgtcagcatacggagctggctgccttcctgcaggagcgcggctgggatattcagaggggtgaacccagtaaagataaacaaaagcgctcaaagagcgtaccagagtacaaaaaacaagcagaaaaagaaaagaaagtgttggtggatgagttggctgcaacaaaacagcagcttgatgatactcagcagcagctgcaggacacacaggaggagctgagggacgtcagagggctcctagcgacgcgccagaaggacgctgacgacatcattaaggcaatgccacccctaaaggagttagagcgaataaaggccactccagcggcttttggcggcgtcaaaatgtccagggacgattacgaaaccctccgaaaggcagccgaagctggtgatctgattcggatggcagcggaaaaaacagccctggcaaatcgcgacctgcagcaggaggttcaccgtcagaaagatcgggcgagacgggcagaggatgagcggatccggatcatccaggaaaaggccgaaatgagcctgctggagctgctgctccacaatgtgatagatttgtttaagtctgaaccagatacctatttccggtaccggagtatcacgcagccagataacgtggctgattttggccggatgaactggcagctgcaggagcgtttggatagagcgttagggactgattatgccagacaggacaaagaaagatactttgctgagcacccccaaaaaaagggatacgcagactaa
>gene_33560|Toxin RelE
atggaaatcaaggtgacagaagaatttctgcggagtgccaagcctatggctaaacgataccgcagtttcaaccaggattacaaagacctgctggatgagttggagaagaatccaaaaatgggaatcgatctgggagacggattccgcaaagtccgtatggctatacgctccaaaggtaaaggaaaatctggtggagctcgggtaatcacgctcgacatgctggagaggaatggcgttctgtacttgatttatgcttacgacaagtctgacagcagcaatgtagagatgtcggttatcagagaactgacccggcaaatgggtatttag
>gene_53235|Bacterial mobilization family protein
atggcaaataagacaagaccaaataaagttatcttccggctctctgacgaggagctggaagagtttaaaaaaagagtggctgcatcgagcaagaaccagcaggagttctgcagaagtgccgtgatcgagggcgaagtccgaaacacagacggactacttgccattattccggaactgaaaaagcagggcaacaatctgaaccagatagcaaaagctctgaatgaacgaaagtatgtagactatggcgacctgggaaacacaatgcgagaggtgcaggaagcctggaagcagataagaaagtatttagaggtaaaaagcaatgagtga
>gene_39888|conjugal transfer protein TraE
atggatttgaacctgaattattccgacgatgaaaacccgctgagtttgaagtctgacttcattctttctctttgcgagctgattgtcggaagcaaagacggtttgcagcctgtcgaaaaaacagtcattgaccgctgtgtgcgtcaggtgtaccgcaattacctgaacgatcccattcccgaaaatatgcccatcctggaagatctctataacgagcttcttaaacaggaagaaaaggaagcgcagttcatcgcaacagcacttgaaatctatgttgagccgttccgttttgactggaacagtctcccgtccagcggaatgtcg
>gene_36628|replicative protein
atgctaacagtaaataatagacaacagcaacagagacaagatgtggtgatgtttgaccatcacaccacacaagcaacgacaacggatagggaaagtataagaacgtatcaagtgactaagtacggcgatattatagctacccaaagaaataaaggcgttgcaaagggtaagcgagcccaaaggatatttatttctaaaaatagcttctatatgtctaatgaattgaccgacacggagttacgagcggttagaagctggcaacaagacaaggagcaggggaaggaaaccaaagccccttggttgccagagaagagacatattaaaacgattaggaaacattattcggctagtgaaataaatagaaaacgtaaggaattagaggggttaattgctaataacttcagtggggacgacagcagggagattttcgccactttaacttatcggaagagtttcaaggttgaaacagtgaagagacacgttaaactgttcgaacgggtattgaaagatagatataacgttgattatattgttgttccagaattgaactctttgggtgtggttcacttacattatctaatgaggttcgaggacaagctgaactataaggcgttttacgacttcctagaggataactggaaacacggattcagccacgtgtcagcgatgacagcaccagagcgattaggtgcttacctgttgccatactatgctaaaaatgaactagcacagggcgaatggaaacaggaattaaagagcaatccagacaagctgaaacaggctgaacaactattgaaagatggaactattaacaagagacaagctaagaccatcgctaaaaaacaacgccttaaattgctaccaaagacattgaaagtcttacgaaagagtagagggattgaacagcctatcacagtaaccacaacggataagagattagctgagatgttagaagataggtttttttgttatggagaaattaaagagattacgtttaggaatatcaattctgaaactggagaaattaacaatgacactctagttatttctagcgatcattacaggctagaccgaccacaccaacaggttctatacgagcgcgctagagccattctgaaccgtcagaagagaactggagagcgtgaagagaaagacggctcacgatggctgagaacgtgtcagagcggacgtgtgaaaggtggtgtggtcaatggctag
>gene_33440|replicative protein
atgctaacagtaaataatagacaacagcaacagagacaagatgtggtgatgtttgaccatcacaccacacaagcaacgacaacggatagggaaagtataagaacgtatcaagtgactaagtacggcgatattatagctacccaaagaaataaaggcgttgcaaagggtaagcgagcccaaaggatatttatttctaaaaatagcttctatatgtctaatgaattgaccgacacggagttacgagcggttagaagctggcaacaagacaaggagcaggggaaggaaaccaaagccccttggttgccagagaagagacatattaaaacgattaggaaacattattcggctagtgaaataaatagaaaacgtaaggaattagaggggttaattgctaataacttcagtggggacgacagcagggagattttcgccactttaacttatcggaagagtttcaaggttgaaacagtgaagagacacgttaaactgttcgaacgggtattgaaagatagatataacgttgattatattgttgttccagaattgaactctttgggtgtggttcacttacattatctaatgaggttcgaggacaagctgaactataaggcgttttacgacttcctagaggataactggaaacacggattcagccacgtgtcagcgatgacagcaccagagcgattaggtgcttacctgttgccatactatgctaaaaatgaactagcacagggcgaatggaaacaggaattaaagagcaatccagacaagctgaaacaggctgaacaactattgaaagatggaactattaacaagagacaagctaagaccatcgctaaaaaacaacgccttaaattgctaccaaagacattgaaagtcttacgaaagagtagagggattgaacagcctatcacagtaaccacaacggataagagattagctgagatgttagaagataggtttttttgttatggagaaattaaagagattacgtttaggaatatcaattctgaaactggagaaattaacaatgacactctagttatttctagcgatcattacaggctagaccgaccacaccaacaggttctatacgagcgcgctagagccattctgaaccgtcagaagagaactggagagcgtgaagagaaagacggctcacgatggctgagaacgtgtcagagcggacgtgtgaaaggtggtgtggtcaatggctag
>gene_40923|Replication protein RepA
atgaaccaagacgctttaaagatccttgctaagaccctcacaggggagcaattcaaagtcttgatgatgctgttagctgatctcgattatgaaaattacatccaaattgcccaagccgatattgccgacgctttaggtatgcagaaaaccaatgtaagccgttcggttaaggcgctaattgacctatccgtgattcttcaaggcccaaaagtagggcgcagttacagttaccgtctgaaccctcagtttggctggaaaggtactgtcagcaaccacaaaaaagcactgaaaaacggcctcagcgttatacagggcggcagaacctga
>gene_38502|Initiator RepB protein
gtggtttttgtgacagcagatgacaaaaaacaatatgaaaatacgcttgttgtgaaatcaaataagctgatacggaaaagccgttctttgctatcaataacagagcaaaaaatgatactgtatattatcagccgaatggataatgaaacacccaaatttgaagaggtaaaaatcaatctgaaggacttttcaaatgcgattggtataaaatacgcaagcaatcaaacggagcttaaagccaaactgaagagcttgagagataaatctttttggcttgatattgaaaccgagaagggtatatattcgactttagtcggttggctt
>gene_22275|replication protein
atgagcagccggacattgaaagaggctgcagagtgcgctggcatttctgagcgcacattatacagctggctgcatgaggatacagcctttaagcaggcatataaagacttaaggcagagacagctgcagctgataagtgacaatatatcagataaaatcacagaggcgcttgcggtcttatctgaggtaatgtcagatgtaggcgcaaaaccagctgcaagagtagcagcagcaaggatcgtgattgattcgtttataaagatcacgaacataacagagcttgaggagcgcatgacagaaatagagaggcagcttgcagaaaaatga
>gene_39318|Replication protein
tgtcatttagataatcctgagaaggttcaatacaatcctgatgatgtattgcagtatggtggagctgattttcgtgctattactaatcttccgactgatgatattaagattttgaaagatatatttcagtatatccgagcaaatcagattcatagcttggcacagttaatagatatatgtgcagagtataagcctgaatggttttctgtaattgcaatgtcaagatgctatgttgtcgataagtatatcaagtctttgagttgggaagatgatacaggttataatcgtcaaaaagtattaaatcctgatacaggagaagttatttaa
>gene_3327|Putative replication protein
ttgattttactgcattttatcgaccccagtaacttgtggggtcacttgtggggtcgatatttttttgatattaaagtaggggatgattttatgagtgaaacaacgttttttgatgttccacaaaggactttctttattaccgtgtgggctaagtcaattcaaaatatgggtctcggacatttactcactgaggaaggaaaaccgaaggatattattggtaaggagattcttgatactatctgcagtaaatttattgacagtggtaaagagcggttctgtagcggtacggcctgtgtaagtgcaaatgatggttttcatcttcatttgggtgcgtattgtccgaaaaaggtcaaacctcgggtggttgctaagatgcttggtaatgcacacattgaaccacaaagaggaaagaaagaggagattcttgattatattcttaagcgtggagaaaagtggaaggataaacaagaggatattctgtatcagtccgaggatatgagtggtatcgtcggacatcaagggtcacgaaatgaccttggacaaattgaagaatttctgttagaagggtatactccggcagaaatacttgcagagaaatttgcatatcgaaaatatgataagatgattaaagaggcatactttcagaaacgtgcagcagaaaccccgtttatgcgtaatgtgtatgttgaatggcattgtggtgagtctggaagtggtaaaacgtactttgtgcagaatctcatagacacatatggagaggacgaagtgtattttgtaacagattatgaaagcggtggcatggataagtataatggtcagaagattctcttccttgacgagttccgtggtcaaatccgatttagtgcacttctctctatgctcgatgtttataaggcacaagtacattcccgatttactaacattgttggtctgtggacgaaagtatatatcacatctcctcttcctccggaacaggtgtacaagaagatggtaaattttgatgatagagaaaatgacagcatgaagcagttgttccgtagaattaacactattgtatatcactggaaagacggagataattaccgagagtatcgacaggatatgaaagaatatcatcgctatgaggaattaaaatacattgccggtaatcatgaatttgtaacggtaacaaaggaagaacagatgaagattgaagatttgttcccagatacgaagtga
>gene_34183|Mobilization protein MobC
atggcaaataagagcagaccgaaacaagtaatgtttagattatccgaggaagaagccgagaagctccagaggaaagtggagcagtctggaatgagtcagcaagattatatcttaaaggcagttctggagaagcccatcacgaatacggacggaataaaagaggttgtgccagaactgaaaaggcaaggtgcaaacctcaatcagctcaccaagaagctgaacgagaggggctatatcgactacaagcaagaacttcctcaactggaaaaggagctgaaagaggtatggcaactattaaagcagtatcttcaaagtgtggggtag
>gene_44070|Plasmid replication protein
ctcgacagcgtgggaaaagcggagcggtatatagaattgaaccgtatgcgtcgttacattcgggagcatgacatcgtggatttctataaattttatgattattgtgacgcttgtgagtcccgctgggctcggcttttggacgatagctgtacttatgtaatcgaacgctacattggatcacgccgcgccgcgaaaaaggacaggtcatatcgtagcgatccgatttccggagagattgacgctgacagcttccctgaacgtgtggcggatattgctgtagatccaagtacgggtgaggttgttagtatgagcgagcatgaataa
>gene_28501|mobilization protein
atggcaaataaatcgagaccgaagcaagtgatgttccggttatctgaagaagaagctcaggagcttcagaagaaagtggagctgtccggactaagtcagcaagattatattttgaagtcggttctggggaaacatatttgtaatttggatgggcttagggaagtcatgccagaattaaagaagcaaggagtcaatctgaatcagcttaccaagaagctgaacgagagagggtatgtagattaccggcaagagctgccgcgcctggaaaaggagttggttgatgtatggcaacatataaagcagtttcttcaaagtctggaatag
>gene_46054|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atggataaatacgaagtaaagattacagacgaagctctcgctgatatggaaaagctttatgaatatattgcaacccagttgctagcaccggataatgctttggggcagtataatcgtattgcagatgagattctgacattagattcttttccagacagatttgctttgtttgaattggaaccggagcattcctgggggatgaggcgaatggtagtagataattaccttgtctgctatatggttgatccaggagttgttacggtgacagatgtcttatatggcgcattaaatgttcatatgcgattacaagaaagacatccgtaa
>gene_8940|Replication initiator protein (Fragment)
atgagtaaggcaaagttagacaaagataaagagaaagaaatacagattaaaaacagtaggtctgcgcttgtagttcagagcaatagtttaattagagatgttagaaccttgcgctatggcttgacaacccaacaacagcgcatacttgtgtatctaatttcaaaggttggaaagaacgaccaagattttaaaagggtaaggtttaatatatcagagtattgcgatgtatgtaatttacagaagaacggaacagagtttgaaagaattaaagaatcattaaaaggattaagagataagagttattggattaaaaacgag
>gene_30247|Putative mobilization protein
atggcaaataagagcagaccaaagcaagtaatgtttagaatgtccgaggaagaatatgagcagttcatgaaaaaggtggagcagtctggaactaatcagcaagaatatattttgcggtcagttctggagcagtccatcacgaatacggacggagtaaaggagattgtaccagaactcaaaagagtggggaacaaccttaaccagatagcacacgcacttaatggcacaaggtattatcaatatcatttgataaccgagaaccaagaggagttgaaagggatatggcagttgttaaagcagtatcttcaaaagcaggcatag
>gene_26081|Putative mobilization protein
atggcaaataagagcagaccaaagcaagtaatgtttagaatgtccgaggaagaatatgagcagttcatgaaaaaggtggagcagtctggaactaatcagcaagaatatattttgcggtcagttctggagcagtccatcacgaatacggacggagtaaaggagattgtaccagaactcaaaagagtggggaacaaccttaaccagatagcacacgcacttaatggcacaaggtattatcaatatcatttgataaccgagaaccaagaggagttgaaagggatatggcagttgttaaagcagtatcttcaaaagcaggcatag
>gene_44614|Mobilization protein MobC
atgaataggacaagaccgaagcagatagttataagagtgtcagaggaagaacttgcacagataaaagaaaaagtagagcagtctggaaagagccaacagcaatatatcattgaagccctcacacagtcgaacattgtcaatctggacggactgaaagagatatatccagagctgaaaaggcaaggcaacaatctgaaccagatagccaagaagctgaatgaaaatggatatgtggactataagcaagagcttcctaacaccatgaaagaggtgagagaagtatggcagttattaaagcagtatcttcaaaagcaggcatag
>gene_37623|Plasmid mobilization protein
gcccggtggcacctggccgacgacgacgcccccgaatggcaacgcgacccggccatgttttggaacgcggtggaggcgggggaaaagcgcaaagacagccaggttgcccgcgactaccggatccccgtgcccctggggtttgaccaggcccacgccgagcaactggccctggccgtggccacccggctgcgcgccgaaatgggcggggcgccggtgtcggtgggccttcaccacgacaacgcccgcgacgccttcgggcacgccaaagaccccggccaggtgggcttccatgcccacatctacctgcccccgcgtggcgtcgaccgggagggcatggccgctaaaaaggcgggcgttttcctcgaactgactaacaagaccaccagcggcgccgtgctggaacggttcaaccaggtgtgggccaccgaggccacccgcctggcccaagcccagggcctgggcacgacctacgaccaccgcagcaacgcccgccagggcattgcccgcaagccgcagccgcgcctggggcaacaggtcgtggccatggagcgccgcggcgtgtccaccgaacggggcgaccagtggcaagagcacatggccgcccaccccatccccgaccgaatgagccacgccgcggcgctggccgaactcgagcgggaaaagcaaacccacctgaccaggatcccccgccatgaacgaccccaatccgctggaaacccccaccgcccccgagcccgaactctcgaccgagctggcattgatgctgcgcgagtccgacgtcctggcgatggcgtcaagcctttgcttgaagtgcgcacactcgaccgccctgcagttggcctatccggcggacgacgagacggtcagcgaggtgcccccgtcggagttggtcgtctactgcggcgccatgaaccgggacatcacagccccggtgaagcggtgcacctcgttcctgccgcggaagccctgacggccaaagcccccccggtggcgccgccaggcgccgggggcccggtggcgcagccacccaaagccgctttggatgttgtggcgttggaggcgcgccgggaccaggaaatcaacggcctgcgcgccccctaccgggccgcccagaaagcccacgagcaggccaaagcccgcctggacgaggctcgcgcccacctgactgccagcgagaaggccgccggcgtggaggccagcgccgccagccaccacggcaaggcctgggggcggcgccatgaacggttcgtggccgctttcgagaaggtggcggcctgggagaaggctcaccccttggccacctgggccctgcgccaggtgggcttgcgcgtgcccggcgaggccgattgcgccgagcacgaagcccagcgagaccgggccatcgaggccacccgcaagcacgaagagcagcacaaagccgccaagcgggaggttcaggcccggggccaggccgtggagaaggccgaggccgacaccaagcgcgccgccgcgctcgtggcgtccatcgcccaggaagtccgggccgtgaccgagcgccaccgccaagccctgctgacgcccgagcagcgggaggccgaacggcaggccagggaggcccaggaggccgcccaggccgcgcaggcggcccagggagcccgcaaggcgtccaccgggcccaagcccaacccgctggcccctggggccgcgcctatccggcccacgccccgttcagcggggccccggccgccgggcttcgggcgcgaccgctag
>gene_41368|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
atggccatataccactaccatgcacaagtaatcggacggaagcaagggcacagcgcacttgccgccgccgcttaccgtgcaggcgtttccttgtccgattttgattactccaagcgtaaagcgagcgtagattttgccaaaatctacgctccagaaaatgcgccagaatgggcaacagaccgcgcccaattatggcaagccgttgaagatagcgaaaagcgcaaggacgcccaactttgccgcgagataaatctcgccttgccagttgagctaacagccgaagaacggcaagccctagccattgaatttgtgcaaaaggaatttgtcagcaaaggcatggttgccgacttggcaatccatcaccaaaattcacaaaatccccatgcccatattttgctgaccacgcgccatattgaccaaaatggttttggccagaaagcgcgggaatggaatgggcgcgatgttctccaggcatcgcgcgaagcctgggcagacattgccaatgtctatctggatcgcgctggccatgatgtaaaaattgaccatcgcacacttgaagcgcagggcattgaccgccctccacaaattcaccacggcaaagccgtgactgcaatgataagacgaggcgaggcaaccagagtggaggaactggaagccatacggcaagaaaaattcattttggccaagcaggaaaacgaactgacaaaacaggaaaagattttggccaaggaagaaaaattccttgaggtggaagaagaattaaaagcacaggaagaattgaaacgccatgaaagaataaaatcgggcgaggaacttgccgaccagatagaattgaaaaaaacggaactggccaaagcaaggcgcgagttgtcacgcggcaaaaatgaatttgaagcggcagagcaaaaaatcaaatctgttgaaagtgacattgcagagcataacgaagaagtgagcaaccaaggattttgggccagttttaaaaatgtgggcaaaaacatttctcgcggcagagcattagacaaatcctatcaagaggaaatcaaaaaggcgaatgaggccaaaaagttttttgacgaaaaacaatccgcagtagcaaaactggaaacagagttgcaagcgttagaaaaatcttttgcagtcacaccgcttggcaaagaacaaaaacggcaagcggatttaataaaagaacaggaacggcaaaaagccgaa
>gene_38905|Rep7
aacagcgccgaccctataaaaaatgctgtctgcgaagttgcaaagtattctgttaaagatagtgactatttaagcgagcacccttttataactgattgtagggtcaacactctttctaaggctctccgttcccgtcggcttttcgcatacggtggttgcttttccgaagcttttaaactgttgaactgtgatgatattaattctgatgattgcgaccttgtaaacctcggcactcttaacgaaactgtttcatcacttatagttcattatcaatggtctgccggttgctataagctcctgagcacttccaaatctgattaa
>gene_26710|Bacterial mobilization protein MobC
atggcaaataagacgagaccgaagcaggtcgtaatcagattaacagaagaagaattttccatgctacagaataaggtcaagagagccggcagcaatcagcaggaattttgccggttagctattctgggaaaggaaatcaagaacacggatggcatcaaagaggttgttccgcatctgagccacatcggaaataatctcaatcagattgccaaacgattgaaccagagcaacacgattaacaccgcagaactgtcacagactttgaaagggtgtgaggaaatatggcagttgttaagacaatcaattcaagggcaaatgtag
>gene_4511|Bacterial mobilization protein MobC
atggcaaataagacgagaccgaagcaggtcgtaatcagattaacagaagaagaattttccatgctacagaataaggtcaagagagccggcagcaatcagcaggaattttgccggttagctattctgggaaaggaaatcaagaacacggatggcatcaaagaggttgttccgcatctgagccacatcggaaataatctcaatcagattgccaaacgattgaaccagagcaacacgattaacaccgcagaactgtcacagactttgaaagggtgtgaggaaatatggcagttgttaagacaatcaattcaagggcaaatgtag
>gene_20620|Firmicute plasmid replication protein
gataactatctgctgtatacatatgaccagatggccgaggagacaggcatcagcaaagaaacagtgcgtgtgacaatcaaaatcttaatggatgcagattttctgcgcaggaagagccgcggcgtttatatcgtcaatccagacatcgttttcaaaggaacccatgcatcacgaatgaatctgctgacgcagtattcatctgcagattacaaaaagcctatgctttcagatcaggatagattggctcttctcgaagcacaaatcaatcatctccagaagctggcaaacgacatcagaacaaagtccacacaagcatcataa
>gene_57625|Mobilization protein MobC
atggcagccaagagcagaccgcaccagtacgtttttcggctcaatacagaggaaacctgggagctttgggagcttgtgcagcgttccggtctaagtcagcaggaatatttgcgtaggcgcgccctggagcagcgcataatgaacgcggacggaataaagcagcttattccggagctgaaaagaataggcagcaatctcaaccaggtagcccggaactgcaaccagggacaccaggcaaccagggcagaggttgaggaaatcagaaaggagctgggcgaggtatggcaactattaaggcggtttcttcaaagtgcggaatag
>gene_40974|Putative replication protein
atggtgcgctatatggtccacatggacaatcccgaaaagcatcagtaccccgttgatcagatccgcgcccatggtggtgtggatctggaagaaatgctccgtccgtcctcctctctccgctactccctcattcgggacatttgcgaattttgtcgagcgaacaacattcgcgaatttagtgaactcatggatgttgccatggtcgagcattatgacgattggtttcccctcctttgtgacaattccgcctatgttgtcgggcagtacatcaagtccattcggtgcgcagaggaaaaatttagacagtcagccaatgattaa
>gene_42860|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
ttcccgacctacatagacaagaatcgagatccaaagcttgccaagttggagcttgaacacaaggtaggcacggggatgattgacgaaacaatcaagggcttcctgattcacacttgtggttacaccatcacggaactgaaccgaaccagacaagtgtggctcgagtgccaggaactgatagactatcaaacgatgtctgaagcatgggcgaagagccgaggggcagacaacccgaaagcctactttgtttccaagataaggggcaagattgaggacatcaagaaaaggccaaagaacgtctgggagccaaaggatatctga
>gene_933|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
atgcagtttttacatgcaaatgcaagtgtaaccagtcgcggaaaaacgaagagaactgcagcacaatccgctgcatatcgtaatggctatggaaaattttcaaacagaaaagatcaagttattgattccggtgttttgcttccaggggattgtcctcaccgggatttttttagagatgctgaatctttatggcaattagttgatatgacagaaaaaagaaaagatgctcaattatttagagagtttgaatttgatttccacaatgaattgccatatcaagaccaacttgatgctatgaaagatttttgtgaggaa
>gene_19791|RepB protein
atgccgtataaggacaaggaaaagcagcgggcggctcaacgtgcgtatgacgaaaagcgcaaaggaacgcgccatcgcggctggctcgcggtgtcctatccagagtccgtaaacaagaagtggcgcgaagtcctcgttaacgaaggcgtgccgattttcataagcccgctgcacgacagggacaagaacgccgacggcacgaagaagaagccgcataaccactacgtcgcactctgggacaacccgaacacctacgagaacgcgcgtaaggtgtacgacgctattgatgcggtgatgccgcccaagaaccctaag
>gene_54237|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctctctgcaagctcattttttgctctgatcatggctcatctcgctaagttcactcgtgctaattctggccgcctgctcgcgcatgatgtccgcgctcttggacgtgacgggcaagaactctcttacggtacgtccctcgtcgatgcgtctcgtacgcatctcaattaccgcttagatgctaatgacgacccacacgcgcgattaactgaacgactgggggaaatcaaagtttataagcgtgaagacgtaaaagttttgtgttcttggattgttacgttgccgcgagacggttctgtgaaacaagacgaagaacaaaaattttttgagtctgtgcatcgttttctgcaaaataaatatggcgctgaaaatgaaatttgtgcagctgtgcatttagacgaaacaacgcctcatatacattacgcatttgtccccgtcgtcaaagacaaaaaaacggggatattgaagtgttctgcaaaagagttagttaacaaaaaacatttacagacatttcacactgaattagctcaagcagtttcagtcgattttggcggtcgtcgaattggcattttgaaagaagaaactgaacgtctcggaaaatcgcaagaaacttatttcaaaactgtcgatgagttgaaagctgctcggtctgctgttgagtcgaaaatcgaagcgccggcgtgggcgctgactgctgaaaagcgccgggcggcgactatcgctgcggcggctgaggcgattgagaaggctgcgcaacttgaagaggagcgaaaacgtcacgccgagacacagcggaagctcgaaagccttcagaagaaaatgcggcggcttgagcaacaagcgcttgaaaacaaagcgcttagggactttggccgcttggtagcaaagacggagccgcaacgatacgcagagtatgcacgcgacttcgtgacactctctccagaacaacgccgcgcgcgacgtattgccgctggcagagaagcagatcgcaaatttcttgaacgtcttgcaatcgtgcagaaacgagaaaaagcactgcgagaaacgcctggtctcgacttaatcgtaaaacaattcggctggggtgaagaggcagagaattacattaaaaaacaaaatattgtagcagagtacccccctgcttttgaagaggaaaagactcatgtcaacacaagaaacgaacaacttcaacgacgcggcgggcgcggtcgatga
>gene_42988|plasmid replication protein
atgacaaatacaaaaaatatcaagaaaaggaattggacggcggttttatatcccgaaagtttgccaaaaaattggatcgaaattctgcacgaaacgggtttgccgtgtgcggtttcgccattacataataaggatcttaatgcagacggcgagccgaaaaaaccacattatcatataataatgtgttattccggtccaacttcatttaatgttgtttcgcgtttaacgaatcaaaaattatgtggaacgattccacaaccggtcgagcaaattcggggaatgtttcgatatttttcgcacaaagataatcccgaa
>gene_41821|mobilization protein
atgaatagaacgagagcaaagcaggtagttatccgaatgagtgaggaagaatatgcagccatgaagaataaggttgaagcttctggaatgaagcaatcagaataccttatcaagtgtatcactaacaagaatgtaaccaatacagacggaatgaaagagctagctattcagcttaagagggtaggggttaaccttaaccagatagcagaagctttgaatagcacaggttattatgattataggttaatcacgcagaaccaaaaggagttgaatgagatatggcagttattaaagcagtatcttcaaaagcagggatag
>gene_31476|Site-specific recombinase XerD
tttgggagcgtccagaatccacaagctgttaatcgtgccattgcaagaatcactcgtgattataatgagcatgagcttgatctcgcagaaaaggaaaagcgggaagcgcaactgctgccgccgttctcctgccacaacttgcgccatacttattgtactcgtctttgtgaagtcgagacgaacattaagctgattcaagagcttatgggacacgcagacattaaaactacaatgcagatttacgcggaagtaacccagcaggcaaaagccgatgcgggtgtgcggttgagtggtaatctcggtattgccatttga
>gene_21855|Putative replication initiation protein
atgacctgttaccacccgcttaaatgtttctttgtcggtgataatcctgcaactggtaagaagaaaactaaagttgttccttttggcgttcagttcctctacaaagagtttggctctgagcggttccacagttcgtttgaaaattcctgttggaatttcgaaacgtgttctaaggatagaagattatgcgatcctgctagttgccctgatttcagacgcggcgattctctggtatgtgctaagtttactgattttgttcccgtcccctgcggtaagtgcttaggctgccgcctcgattatgctcgtgactgggctactcgcatgatgttagaggacaagtatagtttgcagagttggtttatcactctgacttattccccggctgctgagttccagtatgagctcgatgaagatggtaatgtcaagacgcgtgatttcaagttcattgacagtaaaggcgttgagcgcaagcgcactcagtaccctaatgtcaatgatctaggtatcttgacgttgaataaggaagattatcggaatttcaataaacgtttgcttgaaaggttttctgataggctccctgatggtaaatccctccgtttcttcttatgtggtgagtacggcgaagagaaaggtcgcccgcattatcacggtatctattttaatttggttttgaatgaagatgaggtttatccttttttcaaacgtggtgacattcagtattacagatgtcctataatagaggatttatggtcgcttggtatagttacgttaggtaaggtgacttatgaatcgtgttcttacgttgctcgatattgcactaagaagtattttgattctcctgagacttattcggaaaagcacaagctccctgagtttacggaaatgagccgtaggcctggtattggtaaggaatggtttgacgaaaattacgaaaagttatacagtacatatattatcaaccttaataatggcaagcaggtttctgtccctaagtacttctataagttgttagaggaaatggatcctgttcgttttgttcaggttaaggataggcagaagttattaggtcgtaatgccgcgcttggttccatttctcaggttgataaaggctatttggaatacttgaaggatttggaatatacctttaagcataatcctaagccgcagtttaaggcgttcatgtcgagagaaaggattacatatgcgccgtag
>gene_15505|Rep protein
ttgaaaatagagaagttgaaagattttaaacctaataaaaaatatataagtaaatatacaaaaatgaataatataattgaacttgttactatgtctcacaaaaacaataattgttcaataaaaaaaataaataaagaagaatatgttttgttatctactggtgaaatttttaattgtgaacatattgaaaataggggacaaaacataaatactgtcaggcagtcagttgctagattaagaaatcttataaataataactttattggtggaaaaaatgagctttggattactttaacatttggaaaaaacaaa
>gene_38856|conjugal transfer protein TraE
tacatcaatcccatggatatcaacctgaactattcggaagatgagtctccaatcagtctgaaggcagactttgtgctttcactttgtgagcttatcgtcggaagcaagtctggtctggagcccgtagagaagaccattatcgaccgctgcgtccgtatggtctaccagaactatctggagcatccggttcctgagaacatgccgatcatgcaggatttgtatgattgtatccttgctcaggaagaacctgaagcaaagcgaattgcgacggcacttgaaatctatgtaagcagcttcttcgcctcaccgccatag
>gene_57207|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgcaactaccacaagaaggcacctatataggtggcattaagttcagcaaacggcaaagcggttccgcttgggagtatattgtctatcctgaatctgcacctgcagactggattgataatctatcagctcaaggggttgagttttgcatttcacctctgcacgataaagacgtcaccgggcaaggtgagcaaaaaaaaccacatttccatgttatagttattaagcaaacaaagtggcagacggccgctctgctttgtgatataaccggcggaccgtgttgcataccggttgcaaatgtccggggtaaa
>gene_46057|recombinase
atggtgcgctcctgccacgcgacctgccgctcagccttagagcgggcaaagcaggagggattgatccacacgaaccccgccgtgggctgcaagctgccgccgaaaaaggcaaaggagatgcaggtgctgactgaggacgagatgcggcacttcctgctgcaggcgcgggaggaaggctgctatgaaatggtgatgctggagcttgccacggggctgcggcggggtgagttctgcgccctgcaatgggacgatctgaacctcgcaacgggcgagctgcacatctgtcggcaagtttatcgcataaaagga
>gene_408|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
tgggttgacctatacacggaagataaagcctttaagcgtgagctgatacaccgcattgaagtagctggggatagccttatatttagcccaaagggcttaagcaatatggatgttcacagctatagggctatatttgcaaggcgtgtgtatcaagcccatgccagagatttggctatattaccaaaagcggaaatatacgcttgtagagccgaccgaaaaggagtgcactttgacaaaaaagccatgaaaatagcttctgaacagctagggcatgaaagactaaatgtaatagcccaaagctatttattttga
>gene_52269|RepB
ttgaagtcttatgctcgttatttgtgccatttggatgatccgggaaagtataaatatgatattcaagaagttgttaattttggtggcgctgattatagtacgttaatagaaactgagactgaacaattagatagagtggcagaagttattagatattgtaaaaataactgcgtatatagttattctagtcttgtcaactattgcatggaacgacgaagagactggtttaaattactgtgtaatgctagttatggacgagttgttagggattatataaagtctagttattgggatgagtgtcggagacgataa
>gene_33678|Addiction module antitoxin
atgttgcccatcatctggcgtgaaagcgccgaatcagacctggccgaaatcgtcgaatacatcggccagttcagcccagcatcggccgaacgcatctggcagcgcatcagcgagtcagtcctcccactggcccagttcccgaacctttaccgggacagtgaacacgtgccgggcatgcgcgagatgttcgtgagaccgacgtatgtcgttctgtaccgcgtcgcagccgatcaagtcgaaatcgtggccgtgaagcacgccaagcaagactggcccaagccgtcgcaagaccagccttcgtccgggaagtag
>gene_35974|Plasmid stabilization protein
atgcttgaaatcgtgcggtatatcagccgagaacttcaaaatccggacgcagcggatcgcttggcgggggagttggtcaatgcagcggaaggtgtgctgctctttccgtatgcaaccccgacttaccagccgctccgtcccttgaagcacgaatatagaaaaattttggtgcaaaattatctgatgttttattgggtagatgaagaaaaaaagctggtgacagtggctcgtgtagtgtatgcgaaacgggattatggtcggctgttggagtga
>gene_35796|plasmid stabilization protein
ttgtataaattagagtatttacctgttgcccggaaagatatgattgaaattgttcggtatatcagcagagaactgcaaaacccggatgcggcggatcgtctggcggtagagctggtgaatgcagcggaaagtgtgctgacttttccgtatgctgctccggcctaccagccgatccggtcactgaaacatgaataccgaaaaattttggtacaaaattatctgatgttttattgggtggatgaagaagaaaggctggtgaccgttgcccgtgtagtctatgctaaacgggactatggccggctgttggagtga
>gene_53560|Putative replication protein
atgcgagcagcatcctccgtcgaaacggaggatttttttatggccaaaaccaacaaaaaggtgcagcgaaaggctgacgccaagcgcgccggtcagcgcaccaggaactgggcgttgatattctacccagaggacctgcccgaggactggaaggagcaggtggacgggcttctggtgaagtgggtcgaaggaccgcttcacgaccgtgacgtcaacgctgacggcacacccaagaagccccacgtacatacgctgttcatgttcgagaacgtgaagcacgaggagcaggtcatggacctgtttcgg
>gene_21140|Chromosome partitioning protein
atggctgcaaggataatagcggttgccaaccaaaaaggcggtgtcgcaaagacaacctcaacctttaatctggcaacggcgaaagcattaaaaggaaaaagggttcttatgatcgacttggatccccaggcatcacttacaatcgcatgtggcattgagccaggagaagatagattagaaggttatagcaccataaagctatttcagaaaaatacagatgttttagagactgcttttaaagtaaacggacttgataaggatgtatttttgtttgttgttccttccgatccggagcttgccaagaca
>gene_43425|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
atgtccggcgtatggactttagtggtggcgggtgccgtcatgttcctcgtcatcggaggacttgcgatgctgtctcacaactacacgctgagcgggatcaagtccagaacagtcggtgacgggcagcacggtacggcgcgatgggcaacgaagaaggagattgcaaaaaccttcaagcatgtaccgttcagacctgcactctggcgcaaagggaaagaacgaccggcagatcagggaatcgttctcggatgtgaggggaaaaagaatgcacttaaaagcggcttttcggatatgaatgaggcggca
>gene_34115|Plasmid stabilization system
atgagctatcacatagtattttcaccggaagccgaagaacagcttgcggcattgtacatatatatctctgaggctgcttcaccggatatcgcttttggatacactgaggctattatcaaatattgtgagagtctgcatacattcccaattcgtggaactacccgcgatgatgttcgtcctggacttcgtatctcaaattacaaaaaacgtgtagttatcgcattttgtgtagatgaagaggaaaaacaagtctccatcataggcttgttttatggtggtcaaaattatgaaacaattctacaagattaa
>gene_36645|Plasmid stabilization system
atgagctatcgcatagtattttcaccggaagccgaagaacagcttgcggcattgtacatatatatctctgaggctgcttcaccggatatcgcttttggatacactgaggctattgtcaaatattgtgagagtctgcatacattcccaattcgtggaactacccgcgatgatgttcgtcctggacttcgtatctcaaattacaaaaaacgtgtagttatcgcattttgtgtagatgaagaggaaaaacaagtctccatcataggcttgttttatggtggtcaaaattatgaaacaattctacaagattaa
>gene_54303|Plasmid stabilization system
atgagctatcgcatagtattttcaccggaagccgaagaacagcttgcggcattgtacatatatatctctgaggctgcttcaccggatatcgcttttggatacactgaggctattgtcaaatattgtgagagtctgcatacattcccaattcgtggaactacccgcgatgatgttcgtcctggacttcgtatctcaaattacaaaaaacgtgtagttatcgcattttgtgtagatgaagaggaaaaacaagtctccatcataggcttgttttatggtggtcaaaattatgaaacaattctacaagattaa
>gene_33949|Addiction module antitoxin RelB/DinJ family
atgacacaggtaaattttcgaatcgaagaagacgtaaaaaacaatgctgaaaaagctctaaaagatatgggattgactatgtctgctgcaatcactatgtttttagtcaaagtcggcagagaaaagcggattccgttcgaaatcaatgcagatcccttttacagtgcagaaaatattgctgaacttgaaagacgggtcgctaatcttcgaaatggcagtagtgttttgaaagaacatgagctgattgaggttgacgacgaatga
>gene_37729|Addiction module antitoxin
atgtatataccactgcggtataataaagaaaaagggagtgatcatatgacacaggtaaatttccgaatcgaagaagatgtaaaaaacaatgctgaaaaggctctaaaagatatgggattaactatgtctgctgcaattactatgtttttagtcaaagttggcagagagaagcggattccgttcgaaatcaatgcagatcccttttacagtgcagaaaatattgctgaacttgaaagacgggtcgctaatcttcgaaatggcagcagtgttttgaaagaacatgagctgattgaggttgatgacgaatga
>gene_45960|MobA/MobL protein (Fragment)
atgtccgtcaaagttgtgcagaggtcaaaaggcagaagttccgtagcttgtgccgcctatcgtgcagcagacaagctacttgataaaaggacaggtgcagagcatgatttcagccgtaaaactggcctcattcatgcagagataatcacacctgacggcagtcagattgaacgctctgccctgtggaatatggcagagcaagcagagaaaagaaaagacgcgaccacagcaagagaatatgaaattgccttgcctgctgaattgtcaccagaagaacgaaaaaaccttgcacaagagttttgccaatatctgataaaagagcatggttgcgccgttgacttggcaatccatgcgccagcaggtgacgaaagaaattttcacgcccacatattaaccaccactcgcatttttgaaaaaaattcgctcggtgcaaagtgtgatgtggaattgtcagaccgcgacaggaagaaaaaaaatctacctggacgcaaagaagaacttttaaaaactcgtgaggcttgggaaaaaattgcaaatcgcgcattagaaaaaaatggacatgaggccaggattgaccacaggacgcttgaagcacagggcattgttgaccgcttgccaacaaaacatttaggccataccgctaacgcgattttaaaaaaagggcgcaacgctgatcgcgctgccgaccagcgcgaagcgttgaccgctatggaaaaattaaaagaaatcacagcaaatattgaggctataaaatttgagattgcccaagaactagcacttgaaaatctggtgaatgaagacgaactaaaaacggaactggtggacactctgaacagcaattctaaaaaaattactcaaaatccacacctacaagaaaaatggaaaaagccatatttggattacatcgaaaaaaatggcttgtctgaagaaaattgtaaattcgttttggaaagagcaaaatttgacactagtgaagaaggaaaaaatgagattaaaaattttgaaaatattttaaataaaaaattaagccagcactgtctaacgaacacgataaaagaaaaaatgtttgattacgcgatgtgcttttataaattatctgaagatagacacacaaataatgaaggattacaaatagaaattttagatggacttgatatatcggtggaacgattaagagagaaagaaagggaactcggtttaagtagataa
>gene_51769|Rep50
atgagcgtgaaaagtcaagatggacgcgcccgcaattttgcaacggtcgtctatccagagagtgcgccagagaactggcgcgaggtattggcggaacagtttatacccgcctttattagccctttgcacgatagagatataaacccaggtggagagccgaaaaagccacaccatcatgtcgtgctgatgttcgagggtaaaaagtccgttgagcaggtgcgtgctgtgtttgctttaatcggtggcgttggctgtgaagttgtccagagtattagaggatacgcacggtacctttgccatttggac
>gene_40435|Replication protein
atgcttaatacattaaatattccatattctcaagatttttctcttgattcgaacttaattttcgatattattcctgaagatccttgttatcttaaaatctttaataagacctttcaatttattgataggaataagagttatcatgttagatatccagatttaaagaatgtttgtggtcttggctgccaacatatttatatttcttcggcttattatagttattctaaaaatggaacaccggccattgctcgtcaatggtgctttccttttgatatagacttttatgatatagatgaattttctcattattcaccagaacagtttattgatttattacaagaagaaatctttgatacaggtatattacctgaacctacctacatagaatattcgcaaggcgtaagattggtttatgtattaaatgatttattggtttatcgttataaatcagaaacaggggtctggcataataatcaaaaggcatttagattatataattttatttcttatggctttcaaaagatattaaataatcattttggctgtaagattgtagatgctaatggttgtttaaaagaaaaaggtgttcgtatccctggctcttataacaaagatagattagttaagataacagaaattaaagatacttatactacctctgaattaagagaatatgtacctgatgcaccagatgtacttgttgtaaaagataaaaagaaccctaagacttataaattctatacaggttctatctcagctgatactaatagatttaattatttggtgagtaaggtagatgaaatagaaaaaggtcatagagaaagttatttaattatttgtttaaattggtttagaagcttaaaccctgatataaagccattagaagcccaaaattggcttttagatttaaataataaattaaataagcctttatctcaaaatgaggttaaaagtcaatttagaaccttctggaagaaaaataagtattataaatacagtaataaaacggttgaagaaagaacaggtattaagattatggctactacttataagaaaagaacttttaaacaagatgaattaaaagagttagatacccaagtaaagaaatatttggataaaggtttaaagcaagttgaaattgcaaaacttttaaatgtaaacatcagcaaaataaaaagatcagtacaacgattaagagaattatcttaa
>gene_15271|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaatgaaatgattaaatacaaaaacgaactgcataaagtagcctttacagggttttcggaacttgaccaaaacatttttatggcgctgtgcgcacggatgaaagacaagaacaccgagcaaatcacctttgattttacgaccttaaggagcattctcgagtatccaaaatcaaaaaataatcagctgttcattcaggatctggagcgaatgaataagcgcatgcttcatctgtgctgcagtttcgagacagacagcaaaataatcagctttgtgctgtttccgacatttgaaattgacaaagac
>gene_45585|plasmid stabilization protein
gtgaggcgaccggttcgctggtcccgcgacgcgctgagcgattttgccgaccagattgcctacatcgcggccgacaaccccgcggcggcccggcgtgtggctgccgtcctcgatcggactgccctggcccttggcgacatgcccatcggccgtcccggacgggtgacaggcacctacgagaagctggtgaccggactgccctacatcctcgcctatgtgatcgccggagcgggcgatcaggaggaagtggctatcgtccgggtgatccacacctcccgggactggccggcggaaggatggccgtcctga
>gene_8469|Mobilization protein
atgaaacgtgagaaagagataaaaatcaggctcaccgaaaacgagtatcaagccttgttagagagaaaaacgaaagcaaggcttgcggagtgggttcgggaagttgccctagaacagcaacctaagcgacagccgaaagtaatcgaccctgcgttactgttcgagctgaaccgcataggcgtaaacctgaaccaaatcgcccgacaatgcaacagtcaaaagccgagcattgaccttgttagcgtgttggcgaccttgcgagaaattgaaaaaaatctcaaaaaattgcgagaattgagcctatga
>gene_46053|Addiction module antitoxin RelB/DinJ family
atggaaaaatcagcaacacttaacttaagagtgaatcctacattaaaatcagatgcagaaacaattcttacaagacttggtattccgatgtctacagcagttgatatgtttcttaatcaggttgtattggtaggtggtattccattttctgttacagtaccgaaaccaccagtagatatcgatgcatcacagatgacagaagcacagcttcatgcaaaactgcagcgtggttatgatgattatacggctggcagaacgcagaatgctgtagatgcatttgcaaaatttagggagagtcattcttaa
>gene_28195|Conjugal transfer protein traG
atggatgaagttctgcgtttgcctattaccaaagcacttgtcattgtccgtggcaagaaattgctgcaggtcgataaatgtgattattcccgacaccccgaatacccgaaactgcgctcctgtaaggcatccgagcacacacccgaatggagcaagcagatagaatcaccggcaccggagccgatgaaggaggtgaaagaagctcctatgccgcaggagaaaccggaagcggcagacaagccggctgtgcgaaaaaagacaaaatccaaaatcgtcgcagctgacaaaaattcaattttcgaataa
>gene_43128|Mobilisation protein MobA
atggaatttaggttgacaatgcataatgggcgagcaagaaaaaaagatggggtctactcggcaatgcacaatgaccggaattttgatgtcgaaaaaaacggaaagcatatcgacactgaacgaagcaaagacaatgtttactggaactgtggaaatgaccaaagcatgagctttgagaaaatcgaaaaacgcttttacgaagctcacttttccgaagctctggaatcaataaacgagcgtcatcgaatgtcgcgtcataccggtcgaataaaaacaatggaacaatacagaaaatcaaagtttacttgtccggaagaaacgatgtatcaagtcggcacgaaagatgcttctataagcggacaagaactcttgaaaatccatgacgaatatttggaatggcaccggcagaactttccgaacatttacatgctcgactttgcgctgcacatggacgaagcaacaccgcatatacaagagcggaaagtctggataggacatgacgaaaacggaaacgagcttgtaagccagaataaagcgctgcaggaaatgggtatcgagcgtccgaatatggacagaccaaaagaccggtacaacaatcccaaaatgacatacacacgccagacaagaaacaagctgatagagatttgtatggagcatggtctgcatataaaaacggagccgctggaagcttcaagagttggtctggaactgcaggaatataagaccagacaagagcaggaaaaggaactggaagcaagggaaaacaccgagcgactgcaggcggcggcaagctccgcaaagcgagagctgaacaccgcagagcaggagcgtgaagctgaagagaaaacgctggaagaattaaaggcctccaacgccctccagaaggctcaaaatgaccttgataatctgcagatgaaagaaactatggataaacgctggaaaaaggatttacggggcaattacaaggtctcaaaggacgatatggcaccgctcctgcttgctgttgaacaaagcaagaagctcaatgactacaaagagaagtatgaagcggaaaagagggagaatgagaatctgaaacagaaagtcaatgaccagcaatataaaatccggcagaatcaaaatgtgatagacactcaaatgagcgaattgaaagctctgaagggaacaccggagaaagagcttactaagaaattcaacataagcagataa
>gene_38395|MULTISPECIES: plasmid stabilization protein
atgcccgccgtgccacgtctgatcgtcactccccgcgcccgtctcggcatggtccattgccggacgtttctggaggggaagaacccggaagcggcggcgcgggccggtcaggtgatcgccgcccgcctgctcgcccttcaaaccacgccggatataggccgcccattcgacggggaagaggggctgcgtgaactggtgatcgggttcgggtcgagcggctatgtcgcgctctaccggcatgaccctgccgatgatgccgtctatgtccttgcccttcgtcaccagcgcgaagccggatacccctga
>gene_53346|Site-specific recombinase
atgcatttcttcttggagattgcaaaagagcaaataaaaatagcgttcgaccaagcagagaaggaagtacaagacttgcgccaacgcaccaaggaaggaatcgaaacagcgcgattaaatgggaaaaagataggcagaacagagggcgcgaagcttacaacaaagaaaagtatcaaagttaaagatataatgcgtaggcattgtaaagactttgggggaagtttatctgacaaagaggttatgcaattaacaggcgttgcaagaaacacatattataaatacaagaaggaaatacaaagcgaatga
>gene_30280|Putative replication initiator protein
atggcgcgaaaaaagaagatcgaacctatttctggtatcggcaaagatcccgaaaacaagctgaccgtgcaaaaaagccgtcctctgaccgcgctctggcagtcagatctcactctggcagagttcaagatcatggacgcttatttggctcggattgacagtcgcaaaccggagatgcggacggtgcagctcacaaagggcgagctggagaaagccctcggcttaacgcgaatcaacaaggatgacctcaaacagcgattgaagaatctgtatagtccgattgatcttgagaatggcaatcccaaaaagatcaagctccgggcattgttcgaggaggccgatgccgaacaagacgagtatggtgtttggcagatccagctcacttgtacccaggccgccatgaagtacattttcaacatcgagaggattgggtacgtgaagtaccagctccggagcatcgcctcgatccagagccgatacacgtacatcttgtttttgtatttggagatgaaccgaaaattcaaaacgtgggaggttggcattgacgagctgaaggagattcttaactgtcacgaggattctctgtattcggagtacaaacgcttcaacgagaggattctgaagcgctgccagaaggagctcgccgaaaaaaccgagtgccggttcacctatgagccagtccgcaaaggtcgatcggtggcgaagatccgattcacgttggaatcccttgcgccgaagatcgaggccgagatcaacgacggcgaacccgatgattcggagcgaattgacatcgacgatcacgagttcagaaccaaccgcgaggccatctgcagcggctttagcgataaaatcttcgacgagttctccgacgaggaactgatcgagttccgggcgttggcttggggcaaagaggatcccgatgaggtcgatcgacagtacggcatggcacacgatcgcagggtcgcaaccgagatggctgtgtcaacgttgatccgcgagaagatcctggccatgaacgtgtacgaccagcgcaagccgatcagtgatcgatacacgtaccttaagacggcggtgacaaagcatgtcccaaagtctaagtcgaaggatgccaagcgcaagggatccttcgacaccgatgaggcgttcatggccgccgtcaagcgtagcctgggcgaagacttcgaccccgagattctgaatcaataa
>gene_28663|Putative replication initiator protein
atggcgcgaaaaaagaagatcgaacctatttctggtatcggcaaagatcccgaaaacaagctgaccgtgcaaaaaagccgtcctctgaccgcgctctggcagtcagatctcactctggcagagttcaagatcatggacgcttatttggctcggattgacagtcgcaaaccggagatgcggacggtgcagctcacaaagggcgagctggagaaagccctcggcttaacgcgaatcaacaaggatgacctcaaacagcgattgaagaatctgtatagtccgattgatcttgagaatggcaatcccaaaaagatcaagctccgggcattgttcgaggaggccgatgccgaacaagacgagtatggtgtttggcagatccagctcacttgtacccaggccgccatgaagtacattttcaacatcgagaggattgggtacgtgaagtaccagctccggagcatcgcctcgatccagagccgatacacgtacatcttgtttttgtatttggagatgaaccgaaaattcaaaacgtgggaggttggcattgacgagctgaaggagattcttaactgtcacgaggattctctgtattcggagtacaaacgcttcaacgagaggattctgaagcgctgccagaaggagctcgccgaaaaaaccgagtgccggttcacctatgagccagtccgcaaaggtcgatcggtggcgaagatccgattcacgttggaatcccttgcgccgaagatcgaggccgagatcaacgacggcgaacccgatgattcggagcgaattgacatcgacgatcacgagttcagaaccaaccgcgaggccatctgcagcggctttagcgataaaatcttcgacgagttctccgacgaggaactgatcgagttccgggcgttggcttggggcaaagaggatcccgatgaggtcgatcgacagtacggcatggcacacgatcgcagggtcgcaaccgagatggctgtgtcaacgttgatccgcgagaagatcctggccatgaacgtgtacgaccagcgcaagccgatcagtgatcgatacacgtaccttaagacggcggtgacaaagcatgtcccaaagtctaagtcgaaggatgccaagcgcaagggatccttcgacaccgatgaggcgttcatggccgccgtcaagcgtagcctgggcgaagacttcgaccccgagattctgaatcaataa
>gene_13776|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcctaaaagcgtaacattgaggaacggtgccggcagtcgccgtcacaatatccgagattacaaggagataccagaccacatagatccggcacggacaaaggataatgtggtgttggttgacaagccgctttggcaggcatacaacgaaatcttcggtaagacaatcgaggactacaacgccaaacagaccagggctgaccgtaagtatgagggcggcgcccaggcgtacctgaacgagattaaacgagagaagggcgacatggcgcgtaagccgtcctatgagaccttcgttcagattggcgaccggaaggacaccggattggatagtgataaggaacgcgcagctctccttgactttatgaagggcttccaggagcgtaacccgaatttgcgtgtgattggtgcctacctgcacgccgatgaaccggacggcaccattcacggtcatatagattgggtacccgtagccaccgggtacaaacgaggcttcgagcttcagaacggtctgaagcgtgctcttgccgagcagggcttcaccggtaccagcaagaagttcaacgcatacttgggttggcaggagtcagagcgagaagctctccgggagatctgtcgccagcacggtatcgaaccggcacagagcaaaggcgaggggcgtgagtgggttgacaaagaacgctacatagccgagcagcaggctcaagaagccgttttaagagccgataaggcagaaacaagggtaaaagaccttgagaagcaaatcgaagcctacagcgagcctgtggctgatttgagagaccttgacgagctccgggaacgtcggaagaaaaccatcaccggcaaggccgtttataagcctaaagacgatgagacacttttcgctgcagcgaagcacagcgtttctgcagacgtgcagattagtcggctgaaggacgacttgaggaaagcaaacgagactaccgagtacttccggaatcaagtccggaaccttgagggcaaggtcaaagacctgcgccgagagattgacggactgaacaaggagctgcaggagatgtcaatgctcaagagcttcgtttgtgccattccgaacctctggaagcagttcacggcttggttggagcagcagaagatagagcaggagctcaagaaagccaaagagcttgagaagcaagcgacaaagaccttgagccgaacactgagaagataa
>gene_4057|Conjugation system ATPase, TraG family
gtgaagattctgcttgatcagaccaggtatgtgaacaggtttgacgctctggcagagcatctgtcgctgaacgaggatgacaaggcgatggtgttgtctctcaacaggtacaggaggggcttcggtgccggacgtgaggtgttctttaatctggggaacaggcattcattcgtgatgaggctggaggtgtcgccggaggaaaaggttgcgttttcttcgcagaaaagggataaggagaggcttgccagggaggtggcgaaggctgggagttatgtaaaggcaataaggaggcttgtaaaatga
>gene_3571|RepB
atgtatgagctgatgaaatcatacgcttttcagaagtccaagactttcgaagtggacgagctgaaaagactgctaatggttgacggtgtgaaatcctacaaaaatttcaatctcttcaagacctacgtactagacaaggcacttgaggaaattaacgagcttacagacatcaacgtaaagcttgaacccatcaccaaaggcaagaaagttgtgcaagtaaggtttaccattgaacccaaaacaccactagacagccttatcgctcacgctaccactatcgaaagactggacagcaactaa
>gene_29172|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgattagaaaaatacagaagaaaaagcaggagaaaaaaatgggaaagacgatttcatgtagtgcaggaccagtagcggtttgtcacgatagacgagattacaaggacgaaaaggagatgcctgagaacatagttccagagatgatgcaacacaatgtttacttgaaaacgtgtgagagcgcaaaaggagcattcaacgagttcttccaagagagtgttgacgaatacaatagcaggcaaagcagggcagacagaagaaaaacggactattatgccgagttgcagaagtcaaaaaatggggaaacccccattttcgagtatgttttccaaatcggaaacaaggacgataccccttgcaggtcagaagatggagcgatgtgcagggatattttgatgcggtatgcgaagtcttttgagcaggaaaacccaaacttccacgtcatatcttcctgcatccatatggacgaagctactccgcatctgcatatagcctttattccatgggcaaaaggctataaaaagggcttagaaacgcgctgtagcacgtctaaagcattggaaagcatgggatatacaggagaggaacgcaatatgcgctcttggaagcgcgcccaggaagataaaatcgaagaattgatggctgattatcagatagagcgtttgcgcatggaaacaacgcgtgagcgtgtttctgtggcggtctacaaggaagccaaggaacaggctcttgctgatgctaaaatcgagtatgaggagctggaacagaatatggcttatcttcaaaacgaatatgatgccattaaaatggattttgaggagtacttagaagagcgtgaggagcttaaagaggacatttctaccctcagagaggagaagaatacccttaaaagcgatttagagcgtttaaaagcgtttttagacaagatacacggcatagccgaaggaataatggaaaccatcaaaaaggctccacagagccattctgtgatggctgagcgtgctattgagtttatcaagtcaaaaaatctgatgcaggagttccaagaatacctgcacagacctgcacaggagcttgataaagagtttaaaggcttttctaagagtaaatggcaggatgccatctctcgcacatcgagttcaacaaagccagcttttggctttggaaaagaaaacgaaaaaactaacagcgacagcgttcgcgaataa
>gene_15048|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagcaaattggccgtacatatcaagcattttaagaagggcgctgtgggcagtatcgccgggcacaattttttcaagagaggtcaggcggatgagcatagcaaccaggacatcgatccggctcgcagccacatgaatatccctatgatcgttccggaagatgggctttatcagagagtgaaagagagggttgccggagcgactgggcgggtcacatcagcatcgatctggatctccgagtgggttgtatatcctcctgcagatctgcaggatccgtttacggctgatcgggagcagctgcagaggtattacagtgacgtccaggagtggatgcgattaaacggctatgatcctgtcatgtctgtaattcaccgggatgaaacgactgtgcatgcccatatcgatactgttcctctgacgtccgatggacgcctgtccagaaaggacgtctacacgagagctgcgctcaataacatgcatacccacctagcggagtttctcgcagatcgaggttgggatattcagagaggcgaaagcacgaaggataagcagcagcgagctctgaccgtgccggaatacaagaaacaggctgaagctgagaagttggctgcgctggaaaaggctgctgaggttcgagcagaggaacaagctgcagcggagcgcttggaggcaatcaaagcggagaccaagcagctgatcgaggagacggagatccagcggaaagagctggcctctgctgtcaatcagatccagaaggctgaggcgtggatggatctcattccgaactggccagactatgaagaggaagcccggcatgcctggttcatcatggagacgctcagaaagctcatgcaggagacgttttcctccggatgggtcttccgtaaccggaaggctgagaaggggcttctgacggccgtagagggctctagggacgccattatggcctctgtatcagctatgatgggtttcgaggctcggcatggcgttccggagcagcaacagcgttccaaagccatcaccaaatctctggatctgatgctctctggggcagaacagagatctggtcggagagagacgtcagttggtcgcctcgattgggaactgcaggaggggctggatctggcctttggaacggactatgcggaacaagccagaagggagtacttccaaaacaggaaaaaagaaaaggatcctgaacgataa
>gene_38415|recombinase, partial
gtggaaggatataaggaaatgaaagtatcaactcatattgaaaacgcaaaagcaacggccgctcataatgaccgttctatgtatgataaagctaaccatcagtggcaacctgattcgatggattttattttaaattcaaattggtatagagatgaatttacaaataaccttcattgggattgttgcaatcatgattcttctgttgaagctgagcaatatttttatgaaactaaatttaacgatattttacaaaagcaaaatgaaagttataaaaaacatggtaaacataacaaagtcaaaacaatgaaggaataccatagagctcatatgcctaaagaattgataatccagctgggtggtaaggacgagcaagttgacccttcatttatcgaagaagaaacaaaaaaactagtaaaaacaatatctgatatggggattaatgttatttcagctgatgtccataacgatgaaactacaacgcatgctcatattagatttttaggtatcgacgataaaggaaaacctaatttaaatggggctttaaagaatgctggaattaagttacctgacgaaaataagaaatcttcaagaaacaataatttattaatgtcttttactcaacaagttcgtgatactttaaattatgatgctatacaggctggttataaggtagatttagagcctgataaaaatgctaaacataaaagcattaacgaatttaaaagattaaaagcgtatgaaaattctcaattaagaacgcaagaattgcttaaaaaaaaattaaaaaaacagcaagaaataaatgacgaaattaacttagaaaatgaagatttaagacaacaaatcaccagtttagaaactacttgtaattacaaaaaatcacaagtagaagaaaaaaagaaatttataaaagaagtcaaagatgatcacgaaaagttaaaacatgcaatgacagaagcggatacaacttttcgtgttcttacaatgaattatgaaaatgatataaacaaatctaaaaataaagagggtgttttaagtcgttgtattgatacattaaagcagaagctagattatctaatcaatcaacgaaaagagtccgaaagaaagctctctttaaggatggaaaaatttttttcgcaacaaagttccatccgagaagaatcacaaaaagacgatgacctggaattttatcctgataatttttaa
>gene_57858|MobA/MobL protein (Fragment)
atgacttcgccggataaacaagaacatcttgaggcttatgtcagcaatatgccaaaaggcgcctggcttgagctgtctaagtattcgcgccagcaagccgcactttaccaccccgggaaaaaggtgtgcgaggcgcgtgaactgatgtacatgctgccaaacaccttttctgcttttgatgcaatgaagctcgctatacgtatgcgcgatgacttttcgaaaaagtatcgtgtaccgtgcgcggttgctgttcactggaataaagccgagaacaactatcacgttcatctcgtattttccgagcgatcaatatacaaagaagctcaaggtgtcagcatcgcgacacgtaacacttactttgatgccaaaggcaagcgtagcaacaagagtgagtgcatagatgagctcggcaaccttaagccgggctgcagattcgtcaagaaaggtgaacctctcactcagggcagccgattcggcgccaagaagaatatctttgcgcaggaagaatggctgcgagaagaaaagcagcgtgccgtagatttcttcaactcgcttgatcaccaggatacatggaaagtctacgactggaaaaacgacccccattttccatacatccgcattgaaaaaggcgctccggagaagttgaacgcctggcgtgaacgcgagaatgagtggagaaaggcatacaacgaaagtatcgaccgtcttatcgatgccggggagctcacgcctcgaacggcgctgcagctcaaattcaaggctatggagtacaaatctcgcttgagaagagaacgcgccgaaaaccgacgtcgctggaccgaacaatgggagcagaggcagaaccgtgcagctgcagaacgtgaatatttcagagggctccgcaagaaaagtactcttggacttgcgatcgagctcggtttagttattgccggaatagataccgttaagcttcgtaccggcgttgatgttccgacaaacaccggtagaactatcaaggcctatgcagatccaaaggtgcaagcgatgcttgatgcaatgcatacggctgccgggaaggaaccgccttcaaacaagctggagcagcttgctgcatccggcaacatagaagcaaagatgattgtcggcgagcttgagagaatgcgaaggaacgcgggcgaagatcgagcccgaacggttccaacagatcctggcgaccgcggataa
>gene_15013|RepB
atggctaaagacaaatcaagcgccggtgatggacgagcccgcatctgggctgcggttatttatccggaaagcgctccggagcattggcgtgatgtattggattctgagcatatcgaatgggctgagagtcctttgcatgacatggatgtaaatccgagtaccgacgaagtaaagaaggctcattggcatatcgttcttgcgtttgaaggtaaaaaatctttcgagcaggtatgcgatattttaaagcctttgaattgtccgattccgcagcgatgccatgcgctgaaaggtgcggtt
>gene_27871|Putative replication initiation protein
atgtgtgttcgccctatagtcattaaaaaccctgatcctgcaaagttcctaggtgcaactttgcaggttccttgtggtaattgtgcagagtgtttgaagtctagacaaaatgcttggaaacttcgtcttatggaggaggctgacaattgggcgaatcttttctttttcactcttacttacaatgatgatgctttgccttgtaccgatgatggtctttctacggcttgcaagcgagacattcaactctggcttaaaaagtttcgtatgtcctatcgccgtatgtttgactgtgatttt
>gene_29810|Bacterial mobilization protein MobC
gtgcagataaagtttagagcttctgatgaagaagccgagaaactccaacggaaagtggagcagtctggcaagagccaacaagaatatatactggcgagtgtccttaaccagtccgtaaccaatacggacggaattaaggaactgataccagagcttaagagagtggggaataatctcaaccaaatagccaaggaactgaatggacgaggctattatcaatatgacctcataacgcagaaccaaaaggagctgatgaaactatggcaacaattaaagcagtatcttcaagagcaagcatag
>gene_56608|mobilization protein
atgaataccaaaagaccaaaatctgtcgcttttcgactttcggaatccgaattttctcaactccaagaacgcataaaaaactctggaatgacttcccaggagtttcttttgcgttctgctctcgataaaccaattcttgaaaaatctgtttatcgagagtttttgctcgagcttcgtcgtcaaggagtgaaccttaatcaacttgttagagcttgtaatgttgggaatattgatattcctggtattgaaaaattgataaaggaacttgaagaaaaatggcaatccttaaagctgtag
>gene_37365|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_53393|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_7580|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_19195|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_31|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_34160|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_26727|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_30480|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_16095|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_53972|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_49384|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_45023|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_52332|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_2316|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_15546|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_38022|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_40135|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_35272|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_18304|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_16842|Toxin-antitoxin system protein
ttggtaggttcaatttttgtttgtatctttgcacccgaaacaaaatacagaaagaatatgcagatagttacaaccagggagttcagatcccaccagaagaaatacttcaagcttgccgagcatgagaaggtgtatgtaaccagaaggaatgctcgtccaatcatcatcagtgttgcagacgaggatgtccacacgccaaacgatgtcactcttgccgccatgagggaggcgcagagtggaaagccgttggaggagttggacgttgacaaattccgtgatttcgtggctgccctatga
>gene_34366|Rep
atggcacgctccgtccttcggcgtgatgcggccaagcgcaagcccggcgagtttcctggcaatgtgcatcgcacgatcgactgcacctgggcgcgcaccggtgacgttagcctggtcaagccggcgggccgcgattcgtaccactacaagggcctcgcaacgtgcggcgtcctgtggtcttgtccgatctgcgcctcaaagattcaggagcgtcggcgcgtcgaggtcgctgcggctgtcgtctgggcagagtctcgcggcaagcaggcgtgcatggtgagctataccttcccccaccgcggcggtgatgcgctggccgacttgctccatgcccagcaaaaggcgctggcatggatgcgcggatctcgggcctacaagtcgatcatgcaatcgcttgggttcgatggtcgtatccgatcccttgaagcgacgcacggcgataacggttggcatccgcatacgcacgaactgctgtttctggactgcctgccgggcccatcaacgcgggatggattggcgtctctgtggctgaaagcctgccgcaagtttgggttgttcgtggatggccgtgacgaagaatcgaacttcatgcgctactcggtggatatcactgcatcgagcgaagcagcctcgaagtacctcacgaaactggacgatcaaaacaagtggacgctttcgcacgagttgacgaaatcggcttcaaaacaaggccggcgcaatggtcggcatccgttccagttgttgcaggaaaaggcaaccgagcacctattcctggaattcgtgtggggcatgaaagggcaacgtcagttgatctggtcgagggggttgaaggatgcagttggaatcaaagaacagaccgacgaagaaatcgcggctgtcgaaacagaggttgcagacgatcagatcggagttggagttcgggcgtggcattacgttaggtcgaacgatgcccggtttgaattgctacgtgctgcggaattgggaggccgagctggtgttgatcggttctttgagttactcggagtagacaatgaaagcgaagaatccgaaccgcaacagaataccgttgtggcattggggacatcgtgtggaggtgcatctcgatccgaacaaagcaccgcgatggatccgctgcaggagctcccggcacgaaccggggcgctgcgatgtagccggttgcgaagccatgcccgccgttggtga
>gene_51107|Mobilization protein
gtgccggaaacggcaataaaggagaatagcatgaaggttgtttacactaatcatgttggtcgctcagaacacgacaaagcggccaaggctacgaatatagcaagtgctgcagatttggcagcagctgaaaaacataataatcatgactacaccaaagaagatgtggaaaagatgcaatctgccatcaatctggatttaaaggatttgaataagcagtatgatgagaacctggaagagatagattacttagatctaacagagagagtaaagaaaatctatcaagaagaattctctgaggctgtggaagaatataacgcaagacagaagcgcaaggatagaaagataacagattacttcgagcaagtgtctgcagatggcaagaccgacctgtgcgttgagggaattatccagattggatccaaagaagattgggatgaactttcaatcaatgacagagaacgtacacgccaaatatatttagacgcgcttagagagatgttaaaagaggtgcctggcataagattagctggagcatcattccatatcaacgaaagtagtcctcaccttcattggattggagtgtgcgttcatgagcgccctgatgcgaagaagggaatgaaaaaagtatcttcaaaatctgctgttattactccagaagtgctgggagacatcttccagacaaagataagagcttcgatggaaaagcgagttgaagaagaattcggttggaccttcgaagataaaatgtccggccgaaacaaagattactcaaagaatcaacttgccaacattttacttcaggaacaaaaccggaaactcggaacccagatagagcaaatggaagaacgagcagaggaactttatgacttgattcctgattggccagcttatgatcaagaggcttcgaaggccttccgactccttgatagcctgcttgatctcatgagagacgtttttggacgtaatttcatattccggaatcggaaggcagaacaaaccttgcttacgcggataaaaacgctcagagacgtgattatgacctctgtagcggctctgagaggctttgaagcacgagaacgtgtgccagaggctcagcagcgttcaaaagtcattgtagagtcgttagatgcgcaaataaaaggagcaaagaaagaactgcaaccacgaaagaagatagagcaaaaagaaagagccagagattaa
>gene_15831|Mobilization protein
gtgccggaaacggcaataaaggagaatagcatgaaggttgtttacactaatcatgttggtcgctcagaacacgacaaagcggccaaggctacgaatatagcaagtgctgcagatttggcagcagctgaaaaacataataatcatgactacaccaaagaagatgtggaaaagatgcaatctgccatcaatctggatttaaaggatttgaataagcagtatgatgagaacctggaagagatagattacttagatctaacagagagagtaaagaaaatctatcaagaagaattctctgaggctgtggaagaatataacgcaagacagaagcgcaaggatagaaagataacagattacttcgagcaagtgtctgcagatggcaagaccgacctgtgcgttgagggaattatccagattggatccaaagaagattgggatgaactttcaatcaatgacagagaacgtacacgccaaatatatttagacgcgcttagagagatgttaaaagaggtgcctggcataagattagctggagcatcattccatatcaacgaaagtagtcctcaccttcattggattggagtgtgcgttcatgagcgccctgatgcgaagaagggaatgaaaaaagtatcttcaaaatctgctgttattactccagaagtgctgggagacatcttccagacaaagataagagcttcgatggaaaagcgagttgaagaagaattcggttggaccttcgaagataaaatgtccggccgaaacaaagattactcaaagaatcaacttgccaacattttacttcaggaacaaaaccggaaactcggaacccagatagagcaaatggaagaacgagcagaggaactttatgacttgattcctgattggccagcttatgatcaagaggcttcgaaggccttccgactccttgatagcctgcttgatctcatgagagacgtttttggacgtaatttcatattccggaatcggaaggcagaacaaaccttgcttacgcggataaaaacgctcagagacgtgattatgacctctgtagcggctctgagaggctttgaagcacgagaacgtgtgccagaggctcagcagcgttcaaaagtcattgtagagtcgttagatgcgcaaataaaaggagcaaagaaagaactgcaaccacgaaagaagatagagcaaaaagaaagagccagagattaa
>gene_9115|Replication initiator
atgacatgttacagtccattaataagaatcgccaaagattatccatggtgtgatacatcaataacacttaaaatcgtaggtccttcagattatggtggagaagaacatttctatgaattttataactctatggaacaatatatacgtagtaatttccctcgaaaagaatggaagaacttagtctaccaacgaataccatgtggaaagtgtagaggatgtcgacttgattattcaaaagaatgggctacaagatgtacgctagaagcttcaatatggaatcacaactggtttgta
>gene_28985|Mobilization protein
atgcaaaaaatgaagtcccatgatttaaaagggattcaatttcacaatcaaagagagcgggaaagtaagacgaaccccgatattgataaagacaaatcaaatgaaaattacgattttataaatgatggaaatattgattataacgagcgagtaaaagaaattattgaatcacaaaaaacgggtataagaaaaacccgaaaagatgcggtactggtaaatgaattgttggtgacatctgggagagaattttttgagggactagattctgcagaacaaaaaagattttttgaggaaagtttcaaacttttttcggagcgatacggtgagcaaaatatcgcttatgcgacggttcatcatgacgaaaaaacacctcatttacatattggagttgttccgatgcgtgacggaaaactacaaggaaagaacgtttttaatcgacaggaattgatttggattcaagacaaatttcctgagcatatgcaaaaacttggatttgatttggagcgaggggaaaagggttcaaagcgtgagcatatcgaaacacaaacgtttaaaaaacaaaccttggaaaaagaaattgattttctagaaaaggatcttactagcaaaaaagatgaattgactggatatagcgaaagagtggagtctgatttaatagttccagtgagacgacaaatgaaaaatattgaagtgccgactggcgagaaagctctgtttggtttaggtaaggaaataacaaagacagaaagaaagccaactgaaaatgtaatcattttaagaacagattataaaaagttggttactgctgctcaagataatgaaaagttaaaaacacatttaaaaaatatattaaataccgatatggcgaaagaaaatataggcttgcgcaagcagaatgaagtagtgaaagagaaatacaatgatcttgttcagagatttaattcaaatattgaagattataatgagttggttgaagaaaataggtcgttaaaaggtcgtgtgagcgatttaaaggctgaaataggattagtttataaaagtgcgaaagagtttttaagggatcgcacagacaacgtgagagcctttaagaaggtttttggtgagttggtggacaagataagggaaaaaacaactggaagcgaatttgaacgattacacaagcgtgaaaaggctcgtgagcgaaataatgatatgagtagataa
>gene_7770|Rep
atgccaaatgaccgatgcaggcgttggcagttaacggaaaacaatgcaactattgataaaaacgaaacattgaggcttttagcaacagttggcaaggcgcaatatattgtggcttgtagcgagattggtgataagggaactaaacacaatcacgcgttcgttgtttacgataacgccattagactgagtagccttaaagcggtgtttcctcgtgctcattttgagccttgtgtaggctcaaatacggacaacagggactacattatcaaagatgatgaaggctttgttgaaagt
>gene_56709|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgggcgggaatcctgcgccggtgggcggcaaacggggggccgtcacgggatggtccgtcaacgcggtcaggcggcatgtccgctggctctacagcgtcgacgtcgacgaactcacgggcgaagggtactcactcactctgacactgcgcgattgtccagccagcgcggcagagtggcagacgctccggaagtcatacctcgacgctctgacacgctcggggatggtcctcagaactcactggctgaccgagtggacacgtcggaaagtgccacaccttcacctggcgatctac
>gene_48060|Putative Replication protein
aagggcaggtgggcgaactgcctcaagcgggctggctttgaggtacggctggaggatgtcatggagcatggccttgatttgatgaggaattgccacgcctccgactaccttaccaagttaggctacggaaactggggtattgagcgggaagtccagggcggtgcaaacaaggccggggctgatgggagcatgacccccttccagcttctggaggccgacaagattggcttgtggcaggagtatctgcttgccaccaagggcaagaaacagcttttctggagccgtggtctcaaggcatgggcaggactgacagacaagacggacgaggagttgctggagggggtagacgagccggacgagggcgaactgcttgcagtagtgccgaagccggtttggtatcgtatatgccgtgacggtcagcgtgtggagctgatgcgtcacgccgaagcgggcacattgcgggagtgggcggaaaaggagaagtatatcttctactatcccgccccaccaggtgtggcgtgttgttga
>gene_39739|Putative Replication protein
aagggcaggtgggcgaactgcctcaagcgggctggctttgaggtacggctggaggatgtcatggagcatggccttgatttgatgaggaattgccacgcctccgactaccttaccaagttaggctacggaaactggggtattgagcgggaagtccagggcggtgcaaacaaggccggggctgatgggagcatgacccccttccagcttctggaggccgacaagattggcttgtggcaggagtatctgcttgccaccaagggcaagaaacagcttttctggagccgtggtctcaaggcatgggcaggactgacagacaagacggacgaggagttgctggagggggtagacgagccggacgagggcgaactgcttgcagtagtgccgaagccggtttggtatcgtatatgccgtgacggtcagcgtgtggagctgatgcgtcacgccgaagcgggcacattgcgggagtgggcggaaaaggagaagtatatcttctactatcccgccccaccaggtgtggcgtgttgttga
>gene_56284|Plasmid recombination protein
gtgacggaaataacaaaagttgtgttaggaggtgagatgatggcaaaggcagaaaagataggaatcccatcagcgaaactctcgttttgtccgagcagtaaaggcaagaatacgacgctgcagcttcggggagttctcatggaagctggcaaagagcgcataggccgagacgaggacatagacccagaaagggcgcatctgaatgagtacctctctcaatacggatttaccagcggacaagaggtctatgactattgtaaaaaaagaagtgaggaggtatccgcacagaggatagttgctggaggaaagaagctgcgtaaagactacgtgccgttatgtgctacgattttcaagccgtcatggaagttcatgcggactctgaccgaggatcagcagaagaagtttctccatgatgtggtagcgcagttcggagagatggtaggaaaagaaaaaatagtaatggctgcgttgcactttgacgagcaagttccgcatgtacatatcctatgggaaccagtagagaaggagcaaggcaagccagaccgcttctgtgctaaggagcagcacaatgcaaagttcctgggtagactcaatcgagaggtagtacctgcacttagagagaaaggctggaatctggagaagtccttcgactggatgacggccaccaaggaacagcaagaggagcgcaaaaaactgattgcggagggcaagatcgtgagcggtctttcctccatcgaatacaaagccaggatggaagatcagactaaacgcctggaacatcgaatagctgagctgattccagagtgggaggagctggaaaaaacagtctctgatctgacggagaagaacacgcagctaggctcaaaaaatcagagccttgcaaagcgataccagacggagctagtccctaagtataacaacctggttaggaagtacaactccttgctggaagatatagacgatatgcaaggactgctccaggaattatcggtgaaggtatcggagacagcgaaagatccagcgatagagctggtgcagcttaaagattttctgagagaaaatggcggggaggagctgctgcataaattcaatctaaagcagattgaaagagacaagatggtgtcagaagccataaagaaaggtagaaagaatgtaacgcactcaaaagacagagaagacagagatgttttctcaaggtaa
>gene_7262|Plasmid stabilization protein
atgccacaagtaattttaactagaaacgcccttaatgatttaagtcgattaaaggcatttttacagacaaagaaccccgaagcggctaaagaagcgattataactattagatcttatctaaaagagttatctataacaccactggctcatgcacctgacgatgagcgaccagattttagggtcttaattattccctttggttcaagtgggtacaaggcttggtatcgttataaaactggtgaggatgttgtaatactttcaattaaacatcagcgagaaatcggctttaaatga
>gene_33219|Mobilization protein C
atggcaagcgacaaacttactaaactagaacaacaacaggcagaattacaacgtaagcaagatgagattaaagcgaaaattcgtgcgattaagtcaaaagaacttgcagaaaagcgtaagaaagctacacattacaaagttctgttaggtgcttatgctttacattcttttgttgaacgtggagaatttccgcttgtatcggctgaacagctacgaaaatttatcaatgatgataagaaattcaatgagcttaaatctttcattgaaagcgaaatcaaggagaaaaaatga
>gene_50973|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atgagtaggaaaggagtgttggatatggcacacacggtcaatgtgaattttaagttggatgaagatgtgaaaaaaaggatggaacgggcctgtgccgagatgggcctttccatgagcgccgcgtttacgatgtttgcaaaaaaggtcggtagggagtaccgtatcccgtttgaggtttcggctgatccattctactcggaaagcaacctccggcacctggagagcattatgcaggatgtgaagggtggcaaggcccacttttctgagcatgacctgattgaggtggactga
>gene_8457|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atgagtaggaaaggagtgttggatatggcacacacggtcaatgtgaattttaagttggatgaagatgtgaaaaaaaggatggaacgggcctgtgccgagatgggcctttccatgagcgctgcgtttacgatgtttgcaaaaaaggtcggcagggagtaccgtatcccgtttgaggtttcggctgatccgttctactcggaaagcaacctccggcacctggagagcgttatgcaggatgtgaaggatggcaaggcccactttgccgcgcatgacctgatcgaggtggactga
>gene_51570|plasmid replication protein (RepB family)
gagattcgggaaaagttggtgggtaattccgtgggtaattccgtgggtaattccacaccttttacgcactccgacagagtgattgaattgcttgaaaaggaattggaagtgttgcggaaacagttggaagaaaaagacaaacaactggaacaggcgcataagctgatagaccaagagcaacagcttcgcatggtcacggagcagaagcttcttgccttggaagataaaacggtggagcatgatgaaaaatctaaaggattttgggctaggctttttggaaaaggagagtaa
>gene_52899|Replication Protein (Fragment)
atgagatttgacggatatggcgccacgattcgcacagaaaacccgcgtgaaatcttcgcgtgcctgtccgaggccctcgacgcaaaaccggacaaagggccaacaattcgacgcttcggagctacgacaggtttcaatgttgggccacgtcttgcagcttggataggcattgatccaaggccagattcaagcatcgtttatatcgaggccaagggcgaaaccaccccaaaggtcgtagaggcgataagaagcgctttccctacgcacagtgcgcctcggttggacgtg
>gene_32826|Mobilization protein C
atggcaagcaaaatcgaaaagctagaacagcaacaagcagatttacaacgcaagcaggacgaaatcaaagcgaaaattcgtgcgatcaagtcaaaagaacaagcagaaaagcgtaaaaaagccacgcattacaaagttttgttaggtgcttacgctttacattcttttgttgaacgtggcgaatttcctttagtatcggctgaacagctacgaaaattcatcaatgatgacaaaaaatttgatgagttgagagcatttatcaatgaagaaattgcaaaaggtaaaaaataa
>gene_55542|Mob
atgggttggaagatcggtgcccccagtttaaaactgaataatgttggaagaacaagtaagagttgcggagactttggggcagttgcccgtgaagccctggaagagcgtgagggacgagaccccgatataaacaaggacaaggcagagttgaaccgtttcacgggttacaggactgccagggagttgcaggagtacagcacccagcacatggcgggtctgaaggacgcaagcggacggaagctccgcaaagacgctgttgctatgtgtgccacggtactgaagccccctgcagctatgatgaacgcacttccccattctgagcaggtgcgtttcttggatgactgtttttccatcttttccgatattgtcggacaagacaatgtcaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgaggtcggtgcacatactcatgtcttttgggaaccgatgaccgaggacggtcgcctgtgtgccaaggagatgcacagtctgaagtttttcggacgagtgaaccgagagctgccgcagaagctccgtgccctgggttgggatattgaagactgtgagatgtacgacgcagcgaaggagaactacgaagccgagaagaagaagagcggtcgaagctctgttgcgtacaaggcggaagccgaagccaagaagaacgaactggtgcaggagatcggacaactgacagaccagcaggaagctctgactgataagatccagagagcagaggacgcattaaacgccgttgctgagcccgtagggacgcttcagacagcccaggagatagaagatagggcagagcacaaaacaagccttgtgaagcgtgtagagaccgtcacactgccccgtgcagactatgaagaactgttgagagggtaccgacactctgccgttgtagatatgcagaacaataccctgttggatgaccttgaccttgccgaagacaagacaagtaaactgtcagaacgcatccgtcttattctggaagagctcagacttgaaaagcaacgagccaaaatccttgaaggtaaacttgccgagatcaactctttttgggatttgtgcaaagccttcctcagtgcctttaacctgtggcaacgcttcaatgactttgtcgagaagatggaacaactgcaaaggatagacaagaaaattgaccgagtacatcagcagtgggatgaccttgaccggtaa
>gene_17824|Mob
atgggttggaagatcggtgcccccagtttaaaactgaataatgttggaagaacaagtaagagttgcggagactttggggcagttgcccgtgaagccctggaagagcgtgagggacgagaccccgatataaacaaggacaaggcagagttgaaccgtttcacgggttacaggactgccagggagttgcaggagtacagcacccagcacatggcgggtctgaaggacgcaagcggacggaagctccgcaaagacgctgttgctatgtgtgccacggtactgaagccccctgcagctatgatgaacgcacttccccattctgagcaggtgcgtttcttggatgactgtttttccatcttttccgatattgtcggacaagacaatgtcaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgaggtcggtgcacatactcatgtcttttgggaaccgatgaccgaggacggtcgcctgtgtgccaaggagatgcacagtctgaagtttttcggacgagtgaaccgagagctgccgcagaagctccgtgccctgggttgggatattgaagactgtgagatgtacgacgcagcgaaggagaactacgaagccgagaagaagaagagcggtcgaagctctgttgcgtacaaggcggaagccgaagccaagaagaacgaactggtgcaggagatcggacaactgacagaccagcaggaagctctgactgataagatccagagagcagaggacgcattaaacgccgttgctgagcccgtagggacgcttcagacagcccaggagatagaagatagggcagagcacaaaacaagccttgtgaagcgtgtagagaccgtcacactgccccgtgcagactatgaagaactgttgagagggtaccgacactctgccgttgtagatatgcagaacaataccctgttggatgaccttgaccttgccgaagacaagacaagtaaactgtcagaacgcatccgtcttattctggaagagctcagacttgaaaagcaacgagccaaaatccttgaaggtaaacttgccgagatcaactctttttgggatttgtgcaaagccttcctcagtgcctttaacctgtggcaacgcttcaatgactttgtcgagaagatggaacaactgcaaaggatagacaagaaaattgaccgagtacatcagcagtgggatgaccttgaccggtaa
>gene_55774|replication protein
atggcacgtaaaaagaaggtcatagagccgattgtcggccccggcaaggacccggaaaacaagctgaccgtacagaagtccaaccctctgctttccctctggcgctccgacatgagcctagcggagttcaaaatcctggatacatacctttcccgcatcaatagccgggagccggacaagcgcaccgtggtttttaccaagggcgagctggagcagctcctgggtgtcaagaaaatcaataaggcaaacctccttgcgaggttaaagggcctgtatcgtggtgtcgaaatcgaagacagcgacaagaaaatccgaaccatcggcttgtttgaagaaacatacggcggcctggatgaagaaaccggcctatggactgttcagctgacttgcaccgctaaggccatgaagtatattttcaacatcgagaaaatcggttatctgcagtacaagctccgtgccatcacgaagttgagcagccgctatgcgtacattcttttcctgtacctggagaagaaccgcactatgcacctttcctgggaagaagatgtagacgacctacgccgccttttgaactgtgataccgagccgacatatgcccagtacaagcggttcaatgacctggtactgaaaaagtgccagaaggagctcctggagaaaaccgagtgccggttcgagtatgcgcccatcaagaagggccggaaggtgacggccgtgcgcttcaccttggaatcccttgcggtgttccctgaccccatcgatgaagggcagctgtcgctgttccagggcgacccgctggcagcctgcgccgacgtcttgccggagagctgttccgcagaggaagtacagtccatcttcctggctgccaaggagctgtattgtgcgcaagcccctggcagctccccgaccgtcgaacagattgcgctttacctgcaactgcaggtatccaagatgaacaaacaaggcaagaaaagtcccatcccccatccggccggctatctgctcaagatgattgagaaccaaaccgtggccgccaggaagcaggcggctacgcagcagaagcccggtcaccgggagctgtctgaggacgaactcctggccatccagcagatgttccaggagccggaccctctgacggcagccgatgacccggatttggctacccgggcggaaaggctgcgggagagcctacaaacttga
>gene_56154|Replication initiator protein
atggcaggttgccccaagtcattcaagactgttgagattatgcagcagtgcaagtacggctttacaactgaatatgtggaagagctttgcgagtggagcgttataaaagactatgcctggattaagcacgataaggacttaaaagaggacgggtctttgaaggaagaacacattcaccttatgatcagatttaaggacgctgttcccacaaatgccattcttgctaaggtgaagggagtttgtgaagtccagcatttaagcaagatgaaaagctggaatggtgctattgcatacctgacccatagcaacgctcccgaaaagcatttgtattctgatgatgaagtgaagagcaactttgagtggacacaagaccgcgacaaggctttggcgggttccaagcggttgcagtttatcatagcaggaattgacagcggacttattcgggaatataactatacacagcacattacaatgcaggagtacacccagtataaacggcaaattgatacagcgtttaagtacagaacagacagattgaagggagcaaacagggatatggagtgtatttttatcacgggtgagagcggtgcaggcaagaccacttatgccaagatgattgccgaggagaaggggtacagctactatgtatcgagcggtacaaacgatgttttggacggctatgcaggtgaagatgttgttattctggatgacctcagaagctccgctatgggcttgcaggacctgttgaagatgctggataacaacacggcaagctccgtcaagagccgttatcgaaacaaggtgctggaatgtaagttgattatcattaccaccacgcaggatattaaggcgttctttaacaaggtgtttgagagcgaacacgagacctccgtgcagttgatgagacggtgtcagacctatatcagaatgacacaagacaagatgcgtatttacgcctataaccgcactatccgagactatacgatgttgtttgacctccctaaccccgtcgagtttgtacagcgtgagttctccgcagaagaagccctggacaagattcaagacttgctgggcggtactctgaagggtgtaaagacctttgccaagcagaagcaagacctgctgacagaagagcagatgaagaagtatgagcaagggcggtttgatttgtctaaggagattaccccctgggactga
>gene_31393|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgaataactattcaaagtatggcattgttattacttcggtattcaaaaaagacttgaagttagctaaaaaaagaggttacaacctttctttacttaaaagcgtagttgatatgcttgcaatggggcagccattagctgagaagtatagagaccatattttacttggaaattataaaggctgccgagaatgtcatataactcctgattggttgcttatttatgaaatttctgaaaatgaacttattctttatcttaccagaacaggaacgcatagcgacttattttaa
>gene_50357|Replication protein
gtgtcgtattctgcaaagcattttgaaattgtttgcaacgccgagtgggaaaaagatggaattacctactccatgacggaagataaaattttgtctgttctccgtgaattgccttgtcagtatgcttttattctgcatgatatggacactttggaaactggagaatccaaaaaaccgcattggcatatttatgttaattttggccgtgttgcttggcaagcgcattaccttgcaaaacgatttggtattgcagaaaactttgtaaataaagttaaaggccgtgccggtgatatgctttcgtacttgacacatttaaatgcgcctgaaaaatatcagtatccggaagatgcagttaaaactaatttcgattggaaaacgactcgaaacaaatcattgaatagcaaaaataaacttgttcgtgctgacgaaattcggaatggtattgtagacggtagaatccggaagtataatattttcaatcatatttctgcagaggaatatcacaattacaggcgtgttattgataatgcttttgaatatcgaaacatgactataaagggggccaaccgtcagatggaagcgatttatatttacggtgaaagtggcgtaggcaagacaacatacgctaaaaaacttgcagaagagaaaaactattctgtgtttgtttcatccggcagtaatgaccctttggacggttacgaaggagaggattgcattatccttgatgatattcgaccatcctgtatgcgtctttcagatcttttgaaaatgcttgataataatacagcttcgtctgttccatctcgatatcgcaataaagtcctggaatgccgtttgattattctaacaacaacgctcccgattgaaagttttttcaataatgtttttgagaatgagaaagagactgctattcagcttatgcgccgttgtcagactcttgttcatatgtctaaagactctattcaagtctctatgtggcaaccgaaaagcagaaaatattacacgcttcccaaaatgcccaatattgttctcttggatatgggggtccgtgattttacgcaagaggaaatgttagataagcttgctgatactcttggctcgctgggtcaaaacttgaaagaaataagtcatcttatacagtcgggtgattttgtgcaagagacccctcccgacccggacaatccgtttgggcggtaa
>gene_55908|Replication protein
gtgtcgtattctgcaaagcattttgaaattgtttgcaacgccgagtgggaaaaagatggaattacctactccatgacggaagataaaattttgtctgttctccgtgaattgccttgtcagtatgcttttattctgcatgatatggacactttggaaactggagaatccaaaaaaccgcattggcatatttatgttaattttggccgtgttgcttggcaagcgcattaccttgcaaaacgatttggtattgcagaaaactttgtaaataaagttaaaggccgtgccggtgatatgctttcgtacttgacacatttaaatgcgcctgaaaaatatcagtatccggaagatgcagttaaaactaatttcgattggaaaacgactcgaaacaaatcattgaatagcaaaaataaacttgttcgtgctgacgaaattcggaatggtattgtagacggtagaatccggaagtataatattttcaatcatatttctgcagaggaatatcacaattacaggcgtgttattgataatgcttttgaatatcgaaacatgactataaagggggccaaccgtcagatggaagcgatttatatttacggtgaaagtggcgtaggcaagacaacatacgctaaaaaacttgcagaagagaaaaactattctgtgtttgtttcatccggcagtaatgaccctttggacggttacgaaggagaggattgcattatccttgatgatattcgaccatcctgtatgcgtctttcagatcttttgaaaatgcttgataataatacagcttcgtctgttccatctcgatatcgcaataaagtcctggaatgccgtttgattattctaacaacaacgctcccgattgaaagttttttcaataatgtttttgagaatgagaaagagactgctattcagcttatgcgccgttgtcagactcttgttcatatgtctaaagactctattcaagtctctatgtggcaaccgaaaagcagaaaatattacacgcttcccaaaatgcccaatattgttctcttggatatgggggtccgtgattttacgcaagaggaaatgttagataagcttgctgatactcttggctcgctgggtcaaaacttgaaagaaataagtcatcttatacagtcgggtgatttt
>gene_30428|Replication protein
cttgataataatacagcttcgtctgttccatctcgatatcgcaataaagtcctggaatgccgtttgattattctaacaacaacgctcccgattgaaagttttttcaataatgtttttgagaatgagaaagagactgctattcagcttatgcgccgttgtcagactcttgttcatatgtctaaagactctattcaagtctctatgtggcaaccgaaaagcagaaaatattacacgcttcccaaaatgcccaatattgttctcttggatatgggggtccgtgattttacgcaagaggaaatgttagataagcttgctgatactcttggctcgctgggtcaaaacttgaaagaaataagtcatcttatacagtcgggtgattttgtgcaagagacccctcccgacccggacaatccgtttgggcggtaa
>gene_15684|Rep protein
atggcgcccagcgaaagaagaaaggtaggtgataaaatggaagattatcaagatataaaaaaattaagctataatgaagaagaatattatacaaaagagtatttatcgataaagtcaaagagcgaagagtttgaaaaactcgagcgttccttacttgatagtagtctcatatctacaacaattccaaaaattgagtatgatattaaagttataacttgttgtaaatatcgtaaatattttaaaaaaaatattaagattactcgttctattaatggatatgagaaagaaaaaaaagaagaaaatattttaaaattaagaaaaattttaaatgatatagatgaagataatatttttaatcttgatacatctataaataaagaacctactttaaaacaaatagaagaaaaaaatattattcgttctaaaaataacatgtgtagattaatattagcaaatgaagataaatttacaacatttataacattaacatttgctgataatattactgatattacttatgcaaatagagaatttaacaaatttatatcaaaaataaaaagagtttttcccgaactcctttatgtggcggtgcctgaatttcaaaaaaatgagcgaattcattaccatttactaactaatataacatattctaatgattatttaatcaatgagaatatatctatgaaaaaattatatcataaatttggtactaatgtaaatctcgaacaattttatgaagaaaatataattttaaaagaagatgaaaatctaaatgatagagagatagtattaagattacaagatggtatttatgaaaatacaaaacaaacttataattggaagacaaaacaattaaaaacatttaaaacaataaaatattggaataatggtttttctaatgttatgaaaattaatttgctttgtggtgataaatgtaatatagctagatatatgtctaaatatatgatgaaagatttagataatagattatttggtaaaaaaaggtatttttatagtcaaaatttagaaaaacctgtaataagttatttagatagtactaattctttacataattggttatttgaaagtgatattaataattctaatattaaatatcaaaaaacatataaagatacttttgataatgatattgaattttatgaaattcaaagtgataaagaatttgtaaaattctaa
>gene_4320|replication protein
atgtataatagcacaggtattaagactatacaagcattagataattgtcatggtatacatgacgattcttatggtaagacgctgcaaaaactggaagaaagcaagatctatggcggttatatttctgaaattctttacaggagcggtgctttccgatcgagggggttaagaatgagcgtttgcgcgaatagcgttgtttttgggcgaacgccgggcaaggaaggggccaggcttgtgtatgccaggttttgtagagatcggctctgtccgggctgccagtggcggcgggcgctcaaaactgctcgtcagatggatgaaataatggctttctgttctgagcatgattcattgaggtatgttttcgttacgttgaccatacccaatgtacaaacagaagatcttacggatggtatttccttgattaatgcagcgtatcggcgaatgatgaggcggaagcgctttcgttttgtacgaggggaatataggggtatcgaaattactcgtaaccatgattatgattccgctagttttgggacttggcatccgcatctccatgctgtatgggctgttagaccgtcttattttacatcacgcgattatgtatctgagaagctgcttcgtaatagctggcttgatgttctgaaggctgaaggaagcagcattccagatgacttggaacgatcaggaaagacgatacagttgcggatagagaacgtgcgagctatgagcgatgggagttatgcgaaggctgcggcggagttgtgcaagtacccaatgaagggaagcgacatgtgcacaggtgatcaggatctcgatgaggaaactatatacgcgctggcggctttcgcgaaggggcggcgcttcatttcgttgtctggatgccttaaagatgcacataaagctttgcaccttgaagatattgacgatccggagacgcttacagaggatgagaatgatgttatgtatttcgggttgagatggaagccgttttcctctggcatctgggcgtatcagcccgatgcaaaagcgctatgtgagtatgtgcgagctaagcgcatcaaggggcgggccccttatgtgcgcgatattcttgcagagaaagaaggcactaagagttacgagcaagcacggacaaggcttgcggagtatgacagtaatactaatgcattgattgaggagtatcggcgtaaattttga
>gene_31643|Plasmid recombination protein
ttagaagctcagagagacaagattaataatcaagtagaaaaagccttggagagaaaagaaaaggctttcagcaggtcattcaagaaagataaaagcggcgagggttggacatatgatagaacactggagaaagagattaaagaaataacagccagtattaaacaagaggtcaaccagatatcacatactgacgcagatgtacaagtgcaatatgacatggcagagcagacaagaataagagctgaaagacatgcagcagagaagaagaaagaagctgacaagatactgaaagaagctcaagagctgaaagaacaagaaagaggatatatatggggaactgctcaaaaactggctgataagaaattgcaagattttattcagaaagagtttaaccaagataaagggggaagaacagcaagacttgagaagttctgtgattctttacagatggatagcggaatatctgtacttgatagattcaaccaactggagaaagaacttaaagagaagacagaacgctcatggggcatggagagatga
>gene_7733|Plasmid recombination protein
atggatgaattttatggtatcttgcgagatgcgaaaatgcattggagtgatgtaaaaaaacttcaggccgaaatacaaagaatgttagaaatgcacacacaagaatttaaagattttcatcactcgttgattgattggaacaaaacaaacgaaaacgtttttttcgtaaaaacagatgattggaaaaaagaaattgataacttgtgtgatgaatttggttgcaaaagaaaaaataattctgttgttgcagttaatgctgtgtatgcagttactccagaatgg
>gene_37754|Mob
atgtcaaaattcgccattcttcgggttcagaaactcaaatcgcccaagtccgtcagggcgtccatgaagcacgcctaccgagagcaggatacgccaaacgctgacgccacgagaacgccagacaatgacctgatcgggccgcagaacgtcaaacagggcatgatcgcgttcgagaaggcgctccctgagaagatccgcaagaacgccgtccagtgcatcgaatacctggtcacgtcctcacctggcgcgttcgagaaccggaacgctgaccaggaggcgtat
>gene_13298|Relaxase/mobilization
cagcgcaaggacctgcgaaacgcattgaagcgcatcacccgaaaaggcgatgctgcagagatcgaagccacaaaagagaaaatctctgcgctgacggatgagctaattaaacttcgcaaggaggtgaaattatgtgattccatagcagagcgttccggacttgtcaaggagggtctggaagcaatcatcgagcaagacacttccgagagaaaggagaaaaaccagtatgaacacagcaggcgacgcagcggaacagatcgtcaaaatgtcactcaatggcgttga
>gene_45362|Rep
atggttaccagcattcaaaatagtgaaaaaggctcgtcccttggtactatgacgaaatgtcagtccaaccctgattttaaagggctgcgggaaaatgcagcgcgtcgcgccgaaaaatatgctttgcaaaatcactctggcaaactgctccccaaggagcgagtttgcaaatgcttaaaaatgcgcataaccaaagaaaaagacgttggtatccgttataacgaaactcgttctactgctcattatgataatttgcagcgttgcggtagcatttggatatgtccagtgtgcgcagcacaaattagcgaaggcagaaggcaggaattaaaagcaggtatctcaaaatggactaccgaaggtggttcggtctatttgcttactctcacaaactcccatcaccatggcgacaatttggatcagctcctcactggtcagcaaaaagctatcaagtatctatggggtgaccgtaaaaccaaagagcggtttgccctattgggtaaagtcgggcatatcatcacaactgaggttacccacggtaaaaacggttggcaccctcattatcatattttgttattcttcaaaaatgctgtagatattaaagctctacggctctttattgctttcgagtggcaaaactgctgtagaaaatcaggtcttaaactccctagcgtagagcatggctgcgatttacaagatggtacgtatgctgataaatacgtgtctaagtggggcttagaagatgaaatgaccaaagggcataccaaaagaggtcgtgacggtagttctacgccttgggacttacttaggctatcggaagatggttgcgagcgttcaggacgcttgtttcagcagtttgctattgcatttaagggtaagcgtcagctccactggtcgcgaggtctaaaagcattgttattagtcgaagaaacgacagatgagcaacttgctactgaaacagaaaaagacagcgttgaagttagaacattagaccgtgatttattcaaattggttattaagtacaagctgcgtgctagtgtgctgcgtgctgtagagcttgaaatgaccgacggttattcgcgtgttgatgacttgattatggaagctgccataagggagtcaaaagaaaatattgttcagttgatgaaagatgaagaatttataagcctgcgacaccaagccctagcgttagcgtcctag
>gene_53441|Replication protein
atgccagtgatcacagagtaccgtcatgggctgaccgggggaatcccgcccggcatgaacagtcatcagcgagccaagcgggacgtggtagagggctggtccgaatccagcacccgccgcaacacccggttcctgtactcggtcgatgagcgaaagctcaccgggcacgggttcgccctgagtctcaccgtccgcgagtgccccccgacccacgaggactggcaccgcattcgacgtgccttcctcgaacgcctgcgccgcatgggcgtcgtccgggtccac
>gene_32672|Replication protein
ttgtctttgctatccaatattaccacatcccccggtatctgtcaagaaccggagaccctgaaagacctgaaagccaacggcaaaccgagaccgtggaaaaaacacaagcggaacgcgcaactgctgtcggcggtctatgaaatactggccgatgaatacccggaacaggcggcgcggttccttgaccgtgcccgcagaattgccgactgcgcacccttcgcagaatttgaggtgttgccagacgggaacaaaaaactgcatcacagcagtttttgccgctgtcggttgtgccctatgtgccagtggcggcggtcgctgaaactgggcgcacaggtgcgggccgttgtgtcccgtgcaaatgcggtcaaaatctcccgtgacggtgcgccttatggctggctcctgctgacggtgacggtgcagaatgtccccggtgaaaagctgtcggcagaaatcgaccacattcaccgggcacttaacaacatggcaaagtgtgcccggtggaaaaacagcgtcaagggctggttgcgggcaactgaggtgacccgcaattttaacaaaaattctgcgtggtatggcacatatcatccacacatgcaccttctgctgtgcgtcaatgcccggtactataagagtaaagaatacatcaaaaaagccgaatggctggaaatgtggaagcactacgcgggtctggattatgaccccatcattgatattgagaccgtgaaaacggtagacgggcaaaatatacaggatttgcccgccgctgaacgggcggcaggaatgggcaaagcctgtgcagaggtttccaagtatgcggcaaaaccgtctgactacctgcgcccggatgatttggaactgtctgccgagacagtcggcctatttgaccgggcacttgaaaaccgccgtatgacctcatggggcggtgtgctgaaagaaaccgccaaggccctgcaactggatgacgtggaaacgggtgatctcgtccacgttgaaaccgagagcgaggacgaaaccgccaacaaactggccgactatgtaacctactggtggcaggtcggccccgccgactacatcaaaaccgctgtgcggcgtggtgataatcccacggaagaacgcaagaaaaaggccctcaataaaaaacaggtacacgcccgccgccgtgtgcaagcgggtcaaggcgcacttgcc
>gene_32692|Site-specific recombinase phage integrase family
cgtgaaagagttttaagagaatgtatttcattatatgaaagcaacgatttaccacttacttcagaaattctattttctgaatacattttagtatggctaaatgaggcaaaattaaaagttgatgaagtaacatatttacattatcaagaaatggttaatgcacacattttaccatattttaaaaatctaaatataaagttgatagatataaatcgaaatgttttacaaaaatattttacagaaaaatatgaaaacggaagaatagacggcaaaggtggtctatcatcaatcacactaaaacatcacagaaatattatcaatcaaactttaggtttagcaataaaaaacaatttaattctttcaaacccgtgtcaatatgtaactatgccaaaaagtgagcgttataattatgatttctttaatttagaagaaataaatgatttattaaaatctataaaagatgaaagattattcccattatactatgtaacaatttcatttggactaagacgaagtgaagtattaggtataaaatgggatagcattgatttagaaaataaaaagcttacaattaagcatacaagggttgacagttataaaataattgaaaaagacagtacaaaaaatcaatcaagttatcgtagttttccgttgaatgaagaaatgataaatgtatttgttagattaaaaaatgatgaaaaacaaaataaaaagctgttcggtaaagaatacataaaaaacgattatgtattcaaaatggaaaatgggaaaccctactccccaaattacattaccaaacagcacgcaaaaatattaaaaaaatacggttttcgtcacataaggtttcacgacttacgccatagctgtgcaagtctattgaatgcacaaggttacacacttaaagatattcaagagtggcttggtcattccgacattcaaacaaccgcaaacacttacgcacacttagatacaaagcgtaaagaaaacatttcaaataacatatgcaatattatcacaaacaaaatgtgttag
>gene_22036|Replication family protein (Fragment)
ggcatgtcaccaggtcttgcccgcgccatcatggaagtggcgaaatactccacgaaggacaaagacctgatggcggacgatgggtggctcatctgctttgccaaggaggtgcgcgggctgcgattcatcgcagccggcggcgtgctcaaggacgtgctgcagtttgatgcagaaaccaatgatgacctgttgctccagtctgccgaaaaggtgctggaggtggaaaagatgctgtcgttctggtggcaaaccaaacagcggcgctatgttttgaaaggggtatga
>gene_54410|Prevent-host-death family protein
atggagatcgtaagtacaagagaatttagagccaaccaaaggaagtatcttggcatggctcatggaggtgaagatgtgatcgtgaaatctcggagcatgggctgcttcaggctggtgcctgtgtcttctgcagatgtgctaactaacaaaaccgacctgacggggaagatttgccaagcccttcgtgaggtgaagatgatgcgtgaaggtaaacttaaggcgaaaaccatagacgagttgttggatgagctgtaa
>gene_18454|Prevent-host-death family protein
ttgcagaagaatcgtaaaaaaacagacaaaatggagatcgtaagtacaagagaatttagagccaaccaaaggaagtatcttggcatggctcatggaggtgaagatgtgatcgtgaaatctcggagcatgggcagcttccggctggtgcctgtgtcttctgcagatgtgctaactaacaaaaccgacctgacggggaaaatttgtcaagcccttcgtgaggtgaagatgatgcgtgaaggtaaacttaaggcgaaaaccatagacgagttgttggatgagctgtaa
>gene_34702|Bacterial mobilisation protein (MobC)
atgagcgaggacgaagctgcagcttttcgagcaaaggtcgaagcctccggaatgagcatacaagaatacttgacaaagaccgcgaccggaaaagagatagtcaatacggacggcataaaaaaattgataccgcaaataagcaagctcggctcgaacttgaaccagatcgcccgagctctgaacgagaataaatactacgattacaagctcatcacagagaaccaaaaggagttgaaagagatatggcagttgttaaggcagtatcttcaagagcaacgctga
>gene_8370|addiction module antitoxin
atgcggacgattgagcgcacgacggctttcaagcgtgatttcaaacgggtggcgaagggaccgcatcgggctgccctagacaccgatctgcggcgaattatcgagcttctggtggtcgatgcggcattggaaatacggcatcgcgaccatgccctgacaggcaactggaaggactatcgggactgccatgtgaagcctgatctggtgctgatctatcgcctcattgaggccgatcgcctggtcttggtgcgactgggctcccattcggaactcgacctctag
>gene_57360|Initiator RepB protein
atgggaaaatcaaaggagaaaacaatggcaattgtaaaatatgacaatcaatttaatcaactgtcgctcacaaattttcgagcaatcgaaatggatttgcttatgtcattgtgcagcaagacgaaagaacaagattccagagatgtgattttgactttcgagcagataaaaaacttaagtcattatgttccaacatcaaatcaaagattcattcaggatttaaaatcaatgaataaaaaattgatgtcactcgatttcacatatgaggacgaacacaaa
>gene_29864|Plasmid replication protein
atgccaaagagctttaaaacggtagaaataatgcaagattgcgcccacggctggacgcgtgaagtctgccaaaagacgcttgacgggtggtctgtggtaaaggactatgcatggatagtacatgataaggatgagaagccagacggaacgctaaaacgcgcgcatatccattgtatgattagatttactgggccagtgccaacagaagctatactagctcgtgttaaggctgtaacgggacgcgatgatgtcataaagtacgagcatcttggaaaatgctacacatggaaaaaagctgtggcatatcttacccatgaaattaccccagagaaatatcaatactcgcgtgatgaggttgtgtcaaattacgattttgcagatgatattgaaaaagctctgtcggataagataagacgggaaaagctgttatctggtattgcggacggaagcataaaagaatataatattttcgaacactgtactgttgtggagtatgcagaatggcaatctaagattaaaaacgcgttcgaatatcgtgctaaaatgctcatgagtaaaggagacagagacatgaagtgtatttacattcaaggggatagcggaacgggaaaaacaagctatgctaagcagatttgcgaggataaagaattcagttattttgtgtcatctggtagtaatgatgtgctggacggatacggcggacaagacgcaattattttggacgatttgcgccctacttgtatgaacctttccgacttgcttaagatgcttgataataataccggtagtactgtaaagagccggtacaaaaataaggtgctggaatgccggttaattgtgattacgacaacgctggatatagatacattctttaaaaatgtattccaagaacagccagagaccgcgaaacagcttcgcagacggtgcgagatattaaacaaaatgacaaaggaagtgttgtctgtttatgtgtatgataaatttagtgacgagtatcagcactgtgctaccataccaaatcctattgcggtaaagtacggattgtctaaggagcgcacaagggaaattatggcggatagtgtcaaggattttttgggaaagacgcaaggccttgcggatgcactggacaaatggaaagcacaaaaagatgatggatttgtggaggtaggtagcaaagagcttccatgggaatag
>gene_28017|Bacterial mobilization protein (MobC)
atgagtgaggaagaatatgttttgctgaaaaacaatgttgagctatcaggaatgaagcaacaagagtatctgataaaggcagtcacagaccaaccaatcataaacacggacggaataaaagagattgttcccgaaatcaaaagagttgggaacaacctcaaccagttagccaagagagccaacgagggaaatcatgtgactgctgtcgaagtggagctgatgaaaaaggagcttgatgaagtatggcagttgttaaggcagtgcatagcaaggctagcatag
>gene_18296|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgcttaagccagaatttacggggcagttcaaacgagattacaagcttgcaatcaagagaggctgcgacccaaagaagctggaagaagtaattgctttgctctgcaatgagaaaccgctgccagaggcatatcgtgatcatgtgcttacgaactccagaaattataaggacatgagagaatgccacatcgagccggattggttgctggtctataaggtttttcagcagaccttagttttgaaattgataaggacgggatctcacagcgatttgttttga
>gene_35217|Plasmid stabilization system
gtgctgcccgttgaatggaagctgtcagctaggctggatttgattgaaattgtggactatatcgcgcaggaaaatccccaagcagcggaaagaatgaagtgcctgctcgatgaagcagccgaacggctcggcgagatgccgtacatcaaccgccgcggtcgagtggccggcactcgggagaagatagcacaccggaattacatcattgtctatcgcgtattaagcgacaaggtggaagttctgaacatcgtccacgcccgcaaaaactatccaaattaa
>gene_19462|Replication protein
atggtctcggacccgcaggaatccggcctagttgggctgctgctgaaagcgtggccagactccgattggacaccagcgaagaacctcaacgggtacctgtacggcggggcaattcgtcgtggcgatcgggtgctgtgccacctctgctggggtggtcagttgggggtcaactgcaagtcgaccagtgaggagtccccggtactggccgaggcgctgaaagggtcgggattccagcacacccccacccgagtggatgggtgcatcgactggcggcag
>gene_35795|prevent-host-death protein
atgaatatgattcgacctgtttctgatttgagaaacaattttgctgacatttcaaagaccgtgcatgaaactgctcaacctgtttttttgacaaagaatggatacggtgatatggttgttttgagtatggaggcatttgagaacctgcaatttgaaagcgaggtgtatttcaagctgcaggaggcagagaaagaggcggagctgacggatcaacgctattcttccaaagatgtgctgaaggcaatgaaagatgccattggaggggaacgggttgtataa
>gene_37561|prevent-host-death protein
atgaatatgattagacctgtttctgatttgagaaataattttgctgacatttcaaagactgtgcatgaaaccgctcaacctgtttttttgacaaagaatggctatggtgatatggttgttctgagcatggaggcatttgaaaatctgcaatttgagagcgaggtatatttcaagttgcaggaggctgagagagaggccgagctgacggatcagcgctattcttccaaagaggtgctgaaagcgatgaaggccgctattggaggggaacaggttgtataa
>gene_37009|Addiction module toxin RelE
atgaagaagattagaagaacaacgaggttcaagaaagacctcaaacgttaccgaaatatgcctgataccctaaagcttctctttaaaattgttgaaaaactggcaaaaggtgagacacttccaaaagaaaccaaaccacacatgttgagcggtaactacaatgggtgttgggaatgtcatgtggaaagcgactctctcttgatttgggtggaaaggtctgcttcgggagaagaaacaatagtcctttctcgttttggatcacattctgaattattttaa
>gene_16772|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggaaagacaatttcatgtagttctggtgcggttgccatgcgacacgacagaagagattatgagcaagataaattacccgaaaacattcatcccgaaatgatgaaacataatgtctacttcaaaacgtgtgagaatgagcgtgaggcatttaactcgttcttccaaaagtcagtagacgattacaatgcaaagcagaccagagccgacagaaagaagagcgactactatgacgagattcagaagtcgaagaacaaggaaacaccaatctatgaatacgtgttccagattggcaatcaggacgatagcccatgtaattcccaagagggatttctttgcaaggaaatactatgcgactttgcaaagacctttgagcaagacaatcctaacttccatgtgatttcttcatgtctgcacatggatgaagacactccgcatctgcatatagcctttgtgccttggtctaaaggctataagaatggacttgagacccgttgtagcacttccaaggctttggaaaacatggggttcaagggcgaagagcgtagcatgaagtcttggaaaaggtcgcaagagagcaaaatagagcaactgatgagcgaaagaggaatcgaaagagagagttacggaagtacaagggggagactttcggttcaactctacaaagagactatggatagggttcgagctgaagtagatgctgaactggatgagcagtatgaggtcttgtatgagactgcaagccgaatttccaatctgcaaaacgaagaggggtggctcacgcaaagaaacgaggaacttcgagaagagcataaaaggctcacagaacgctctaaaacgctcaaggacgaagtttctaccctagagacgagtataaacaccttaaaaggcgaaatagagcgtttagagggcaataaaacgcttttggagtgtgttgtagatgcattgagcgacaaaatacgagccttggaagagaattttaagcgattgtacatgagcgactacaatctgttttaccgctttatgcgagaaaacaagtcaattggaacgatgtttaaggagtggagcgagcgaaatggtggcggtttcttgcgagagataagcgagcaactcgacagagccagagccgagcgaagagaactagagaccgaagttgctctcgaaaaccaaactgaacacattattgagtaa
>gene_32691|addiction module antitoxin
atgcgggttgaatggtatcccgaagcggaagccgacctagatgaaattgtccgctatatttttcaggacaaccccgccgccgccttccagcttgaagattcattactgaacgctgcacgaaatctatcggccacgcctgaaatgggtcgggtcggtcgagtattcggaacacgggagttggttgttcatccaaactacatgctcgtttaccgaattgatgacccgataatctatatcgcggcggtagttcatacccgcaaacaatacccgaaaaactag
>gene_54144|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgcttaagccggagtttacagggcagttcaagagagactataaattggcggtgaagcgtggctgtgatccaaagaagctgaacgaggttgtttctctgttatgcaaagaagaaccgctgccggaagtgtaccgagatcatgccctcgtcaattcgagaaattacaagggcatgagggagtgccatattcaaccggattggctgctggtctacaaggttgtacaggacgcattgattttgaaactgattagaacggggtcgcatagcgacttgttctaa
>gene_42894|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggcacattatgagaagtacaacagggcagccacaggacatatgctgcagcactatgaccgcaccagaggtagcagcactagtgagattgacccagaccgcacccagctcaattacaatttggttgaccatggcaatcagcttgactacctgcatcagaggttggcagaagttcggctgagtaagagaaaggacgtcaatgtgatgtgcgactggattgtgaccttgccgtctgatgtgccggaagaccggcaggaggagttcttccggctgactgcagacttcctgcaggagaagtacggggaagtcaatacggtgtcagcatgggttcacatggacgaaactacacctcatctgcactacgctttcattccggttgttccggatcctaagcatgacggtctgaaagtgagtgctaaggagtgtgtaaccagagccgacctgcagcacttccatgaggagctgcagcagcatctggaagcccacatgggtatacctgtcggcatccagaacggtctgaccgctcttggtaaccgctctatagccgatttgaagcgtggaacggctctgcaggaggaatctgccctacatgaccgcctaaatgccctacagggcgatttagaggccttagaaggcagaatattgactgcagagcaggtgaaggctcagacagtccataaaccgcttctagggcggtctgatggcagcgtgaagctgccatactctgaatacatggacctcagagccactgctgcagaagttgaccgctgcaagcagcttgctgcagatgctcaacaggtgctggataagaaagaggagattttggagcaggctcaggagagagcttatcagctggtttatgaagcccagaccgaagcaggacgggaagaacgtgctgcaaagcggaaatgtgaagatatgcagcgtaaggcacagcttgaccgcaaggacgctgctgcagtattgcagcaagctcagcaagatgctgaccgtatcaaggctgcagccttggatgctgcagagcagcagcggcaggagcttcttggtgatgtcaaccagattaagtctgaccttgacagacagaagaagcggtatagcagggtgttcgcagcctttccagagctgcaggtggcattcgagcaggcggaacagcagctgaagatgcagcagaagagggtcagacggctctag
>gene_54243|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atggcaagtacaaatacaaatatcaatatccgcatggacagagacttgaaaaagcagtttgaggctttttgctctgatatgggaatgactatgtcaaccgccttcaatatttttgcaaaaaaagcggtgcgcgaatatcgaattccctttgaaatcagtggtgaagttccgaatgctgaaacaaggaaagctatcgaggatgcagagaatgggattggcatgagtagggctttttcctccgtaaaagaacttatggaggatctgaatgctgacgattaa
>gene_51928|Rep
atgaatacattttatggggaaaatgcccctgtcacaagctcaaaaagcgtcaaaaatagccagtcccttggtatatttacgaaaactcaggcttcccttacgccacaaggctttcagagaatccatgatttcttacttcaagaccaatcagccaaattattaccccgtgaacgtgtcaataattgcctgaaaaaacgcattgataaaaccaagctcagagaaattaaatacaacgaagatagaaaaaaagctcattggtgtaacgtccaacgctgcggatctatctggatatgtcctgtatgcgctaaacaagtcagtgaaaaacgtcgagaagaattaaaacttggcatagatagatttaaaagccgtgaaaatggggctgttttcctcttaacgcttactttcagtcattcaatgggtcaacctcttaaatttctcctattgggtcttaaaaaagcaataaagtgtttttatgaagacaaccgagtaaaggcgattcaaaaagaattaggcgttcaatataaaattaaaggtcttgaggttacattcgggaaaaatggatggcatccacatcaccacattcttttgcttaatagccattggaaactagattttaaaaagtacatttcccaattagcaattctatggattaaggcatgtaaaaaagct
>gene_54773|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcgaggaaaaacaagtttacatttgggaaagaaaatgagtttgcgacacaatctgcgaacttacgatgaagagaaatggaacaaggataaccacatcgacaatagccgaactccgctgaatgtttacaaccacactgcattgaaggagttcttcgaccagacattcggtgaagccttacttgctttcaatgaaaggcaatacccgaagcacccagagagagtaatcggattaagtcaaaagcagattacaatgtaccgcaatcagctcgaagcaaagttcggaaaagataatccgaaggtcgatgaagaactcgaaaaaatcaagagagaaaaagctgtttccgagtattaccgagagcaaaaaaagaatgtgcaagaagcaataattcagatgtccaatgctgaaaattttgcaaagctgattgaagaaaaaggatttgaaaaggctgtcaaaattcatcgtgagtttatggaaaaagtgattgctgattgggaaaagaacaatcccactttgaagattttcagctactctatgcacttcgatgaagctactccgcacattcacattgacttcgttccagtagtcgaaagttcgcaaggtctgacttgtaaagtatcaatggaaggtgcattgaaacagctcggtttcaagagagagaaagaccagaaatatgccgaaaccccttacaaacaatggagagctgaacagagccttcgtgttgataggattgcaagtgcttatatgacgatagttccgaatgagccttctgcaagcaaggggcatttggaatactggcaaaagaaatacgaagtcgaagccaacaaaggcttaaaacaacttgttaccgagttcatcaagaagccaactgtcgaagcagcgaagaagctgattgaaagcggagaagctctgaacgaagctctgacttcggaaggtaaagagctgatgaagaaggcacagcttgaaatgtcggctctggaacaggcgaaaaataaagcacaggctgttattgataatgcaagagtaaccgaagctgtaagagccgacaaagaaaagaagctcgccgaaagagaagctcggctcgataagagggaaacaatgctcggtgtagctgaacaaattgaagctcggacacaagctgaccgcattatgaagaaaaacggctacgttccagagagttatggtgtt
>gene_52042|Mob protein
tactacaaggatgtctgcaatgacaaacagaagcatccagcttatgagatgctgatttctattggtaatcgcgaaaacagggttgacgatgctctgggcaaaaaaatcatgcgcgaatttgtcaggacatggggagagcgcaatccaaaccttgagatgataggggcttactaccatgccgatgagcagggtgtcccccatgttcacatcgactatgttcccgtggctcacggctacacgaaaggcatggaaacccaaaatgggcttgtgagggcttttgaagagatggggattgtgatggaagatggcgtaaccgctcagatacagtgggaagccagagaaaattactttctggaaaagctgtgtaatgagcatggtctcgaagtggagcatcccgatgagggcttggaacacctcgatacagctatcttccaagcccaaaaggacctcgaaaggctgggagagcagattttcatggctgaaagcgatttgctgcaggtacaaatgggattcgaacattttgaatcgctcagtgcggagtacgaacaaaaattagcccgtctaaccgccgaaatcgactcaaaaaaagccgaaaaggaatttttggaggaatccatcgttcatgcccgtaccgagctaaatggggcaaatacgcgtttagagagcctaatggggataatcgaggaagaggaacagtattaccttcgactttcgcaaggcatcaaggatagttatgaggttgaggagattttgaaaaaagtcgaagaattcgcaaaaactacaagagatgaactttcaaaacagcttgttgacttggttcgaccccaaaatcaggcattacggcagaggatgcagactgttgatgctgaatttaagtctcgccagaggaactctggcggttcccgtggcaaagccacgaatacgattaaaaagaaaccgaataagcctaacggagggggcggtgaccgctag
>gene_30922|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcagtaacgattgcaacacacaacggaagtgcggtatcgagggaacacaacatccgcaatcggaaagtgacggataaggagagccacatcgaccctcatggcaagcatgaggtgtggcatgacgaaaaaatccgtcacgcctacgagcgtcttttcggtggggctgtagaagcctataacgcgcgccagagacgaaaagaccgacggattacggattactacaaggatgtctgcaatgacaaacagaagcatccagcttatgagatgctgatttctattggtaatcgcgaaaatagggttgacgatgctctgggcaaaaaaatcatgcgcgaatttgtcaggacatggggagagcgcaatccaaaccttgagatgataggggcttactaccatgccgatgagcagggtgtcccccatgttcacatcgactatgttcccgtggctcacggctacacgaaaggcatggaaacccaaaatgggcttgtgagggcttttgaagagatggggattgtgatggaagatggcgtaaccgctcagattcaatgggaagctcgagaaaattactttctggaaaagctgtgtaataaacatggtcttgaagtggagcatcccgatgagggcttggagcaccttgacacggctatctatcaagcccaaaaagaccttgaaaggctgagggagcagattttaatggcggaaagtgatttgttgcagatacaaatgggatgtgagcatttcgaatcggtcaacgcggaatacgaacaaagattagcccgtctaacaaccgaaatcggctcaaaaaccgcaaaaaaagaatttttggaggaatccatcgttcatgcccgaaaagagctaaatggggcaaatacgcgtttacagagcctaatggggataatcgaggaggaggaacagtattaccttcgacttttgcaaggcatcaaggatagttatgaggttgaggagattttgaaaaaagtcgaagaattcgcaaaaactacaagggatgaactttcaaaacagcttgttgacttggttcgaccccaaaatcaggcattgcggcagaggatgcagactgttgatgctgaatataagtctcgccagagttcctctggcggttcccgtggcaaagccacgaatgtggtcaaaaagaaacctagcaatcctaacggagggggcggtgaccgctaa
>gene_52045|Putative Mob protein
atggcagtaacgattgcaacacacaacggaagtgcggtatcgagggaacacaacatccgcaatcggaaagtgacggataaggagagccacatcgaccctcatggcaagcatgaggtgtggcatgacgaaaaaatccgtcacgcctacgagcgtcttttcggtggggctgtagaagcctataacgcgcgccagagacgaaaagaccgacggattacg
>gene_1555|Mobilization protein
atggctaacagaacaagaccgatacgcattgagattcgcgtatctgagaacgagcatcgccttatcaaatcgaagatggcgcagctcggaacgaagaacatgggagcttatcttcgcaagatggcgattgacggctacatcatcaaggtggactatacccagcagaaaaaacttgcagccgccgtcagtcgtgtcgcatcgaacatcaatcagatttgccgacgcatcaactctaccggacacttctatgaggatgatgttgccgagctgaaagag
>gene_3513|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgacagaagtggtatatgcaaaagaaaggaaagggatgcatatgggatatactattgccactcataatggctctatcgttgcaagagagcataatatccggaacagaaatgtgacagacaaagaacagcatatcgaccctgatggacattttgaaatatggcatgatgagaaggttagagatgcttatcataggctatttgatgatgctgtaagggaatataataataaacagacaagagatgatagaaaaataaataattattacaatcag
>gene_37660|Replication family protein
gcggaaacgctcaagtacagcgtaaagcccggcgacatgacggcagacgctgaatggttcctagagctgacccggcaaactcacaaacgccgattcgttgctactgggggagcgctgaaagacgttctcagggtggacgaggaaaccgacaacgatttggttatggcggacggtcaggcggaaggggaggacgacggttctcgactggccttcaactggcgggaaaatgagagacgctatcgacgggcaccgaagggcgataagtcagggtcttga
>gene_17844|prevent-host-death family protein
atgaacttctatacggtacgggatttgaggactaccccgaaaagcctttgggataatcttgttgccgatggcgaggttgttatcactaataatggcagaccaacggcgctcctgctcgatattgcggacggcagctttgaggaaacgctgaaagcggtgcgacaggcaaaggcgatgattgcctttaactctatgagagcgaaggctgcggcaaaaggctatatgaccgatgcagagattgaagcggagattgcggcagctcggaagggggaatag
>gene_52367|Relaxase/Mobilisation
tccaagaaactctacgccgcacatgaatcggacatcctgattcacaaagcggcgaagcaggcgttcgacgagctgaagctcgaaaagctgcccacggtcaagatgctgcaagagcgatatgcagcgctggaggccgaaagaaaaatagcgtattcgtcctatcggcaggcgcgagaagatatgcgcaatctgctgacagccaaggcaaacgtggatcgtctgctgggctatgacgcgcgcaaaaccgaaaaagaaaaagagcaggagcggcgataa
>gene_35894|Replication-associated protein
atgccactggaggattggaagaatgcaattgctggattgtttgaaagatatgcttttgggtgtgaagttgcgcctcagactaagagaaaacactatcagtttagaggtgtccttaaaactgacttgtctaatgatactcttgttactctctcccagtttggtttccgcgatgttacccctactcatgtaagggactttgagtatgtctataaagaccacgacttttattgttcctgggacgtctggcgccctgagtacgataaggttcgtaac
>gene_19908|Replication protein (Fragment)
acaatagcgcgtatcatgaataaactgcaggaacatggttttatcaaaaaagtccaaaacggactttggtttgtaaatccaaatatcttgatgaaagggaacgatggtaaacgtcaaatgctactttcttactacgaaagcgatgaaccaatcaaccaaataacaatgacacgaacaaagcgaaaaccgattgaagataagcaaataaatggacaaatggaaataacagacttagactgcactatcgcggagcggataaatgaaacaaatcagtga
>gene_32958|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_45246|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_37014|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_20769|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_35015|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_41178|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgacgtacacggttattgttgcagatggtgtcggcaaggtgctgtcaaaatggaagaagtcaaaccccaattcgcttaagaaatacaggaaggtctttggagaattaatggaacatcctaaaacaggaaccggccatcctgaggccttgaaaggtggcaatggtgtgacttggtcacggcgcattaccgctcatgaccgcatagtttatgacattctggaggaaacggtaactgtgcatatcctcgaagtggaaggacattacaaggacaaataa
>gene_38398|Probable mobilization protein MobC
atggccgctccaacgccagaggctatcgaaagcgcacgtcgcaaggtccagcaggccaaggcccggttgcaggcactggaagcccgcgccgccaccctgaaccgcaaggccgatgcccgccgcaagatcatcctcggcggcctgctccttgatgccgccatgaaagacccagcatgggaatcccgtctcactgacctgatgaaccgcattagccgcgatcaggaccgtaaggcgttcgagggctggaccttcaagggaggccccgccgatgcctga
>gene_18932|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagaatattcaagtacacaggacagttcaggaaggacttgaaacgctacaagcacaacactaagatgctcgacgacctcgaaaaagtattgaagcagctgaaggatacagggaaggtggatgtgaagcatctacctcatgcccttactggcaattatcgtgggtatatggagtgtcatatacagagcgattttcttcttatctggattgacgagacagaacagcttatcaagcttgttcgccttgggagccattccgaattgttcggaaaatag
>gene_57733|Toxin secretion/phage lysis holin
agtccggccaccgccgggggcaggctcagcagtgcggcagggttcaaggggcttttgcacaaggcggccatgctggcggtgctgctgctctgtctggggctggactggctgctcagcgagggcaacgccatgttctataccgccgttttgtggatgtatatcagcaacgaatgtttatccttgctggaaaaccttgccctgtgcggcgttccggtgccaaagcggctccgcaggctgctggagaagctctctcagggcattaccgaaggggaatga
>gene_20475|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgaagtatgaggtcaaatcaaccacaaggtttcaaaaggatctgaagcttattcaaaagcgaggatatgacatttctttgcttaccgtggtaatcaaaaaacttgcgaatggcgaagcgttgccggagaagtacaaggatcacaacttgtccggcaattataaaggctgccgtgagtgccatattaccccggactggctgctgatctatgaggtgtctgccggggatctgattttatatctgaccaggacgggaacgcatagcgatttgttctga
>gene_31513|Mobilization protein A
cagaaaggagaaatacagaatatggctatctatcattgttcggtcaaaaacataagtcgcagtagtggcaagtcagcagttgcaagtgcttcatatcgtagtggcgaaaaactgtatgacgaggaacagggaaagacattttcgtatgtgaaaaatgaagttgcctattctgaaatattcctttgcgagaatgctccgagagaatatcaagacagggaaactctatggaacgctgttgaacagatagaaaagcagagcaacgcaagactggcgagagagtgggaagtggcacttcctaacgagctgacacttgaacagagcaaggagcttgtcaaagggtacgcacagagccttgctgatgagggtatgtgcgtagatgccaatattcactggaaagacggaaaccaccacgctcatattatggggacagtacgagcaatagacgaaaaaggcgaatggtccgccaagactaaaaaggtgtatgaccgagacgagaacggacagaagataccacagattgacaagaaaacaggcttgcagaaagtagacaagcagaaccgtaagcaatggaagtcccataaagaggacttcacagattggaacaagcaagaaaaggtcgaagaatggcgagagcgttgggcagaccactgcaacaaggcacttgaaaaggcacagagccttgaaagggtagaccataggagctttgaaagacagggcattgaacggataccgactatccatgagggatacgtcgcaaggcagatagaagaaaatgggcagaccgcagagcggtgtgaaatcaaccgagacatcatggcagccaacacatttatacagtcacttaatcagagaattgagcagtttaaagagaaagcgagggaaatcttaaatggagcaattactaagcttagaggagataacagaggttttagggatagcagagaaaacacaggcagagaacgaattgatgaaacgagaagcagagcaagacagcgagttaatcaattcactcatgaaagaactggacaaaaccaagtcggagttgatgaagtacaaaatgttgctgaacaaattagagagagagaacgagagacagcatatagaactcaatcaactgaacgaagagaacaagagattactcgaaatgacagctctctatcagaaacagatagacgaattaacaagctcaataatggagtggaacaagctacaaggaaactagaaagggaggaggcactaaatgagcgattacagcgacttagaactgcaagaggaactgatgaaccagttggaagaaatgcagacggaaatagaccagtacaaacagaccatagcagagctacaggcggaagtgtcgcagaaagactcgcaagccttagaagcagtcgagcaagcggagagcttcagcaaggaactccaaagaacacagtcagagttgaccaacacgaaaaagaagtattcactcgctctgtcgaacttggaaaagctcaatcagcagatagaacaggggatacagtcggagaactcctcgcaagtgcaagagctggtatcaatggtgcaacagcaaaagagcaagatagcagagcaagccgagctgatagagaagctgaacagctccgacttaatcttgaaagagaacgaaaggctagagaagctgaacagagagctagagcagagcgagcagaacgcaaggcaagaagccatgacagaggtatcagccgttaa
>gene_27344|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgatatatacgatatttttctcagaagaagcaaaagaaagtattggaaagtggaagaagtctaatcctattccatttaagaaattaggtaaaattcttgaagacatatctcaacatccaagaactggtattgctcatccagaaccattagtaggaggtaatgatattctgtattctcgtagaatttcaaagagcgatagaataatatatgaaatccacgatgacaaggttatagtaaatgttctctcgcttgaaggacactacaaagataaataa
>gene_17334|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgatatatacgatatttttctcagaagaagcaaaagaaagtattggaaagtggaagaagtctaatcctattccatttaagaaattaggtaaaattcttgaagacatatctcaacatccaagaactggtattgctcatccagaaccattagtaggaggtaatgatattctgtattctcgtagaatttcaaagagcgatagaataatatatgaaatccacgatgacaaggttatagtaaatgttctctcgcttgaaggacactacaaagataaataa
>gene_7126|Replication initiator protein
atgagatatgctgaatacgtacaaaaaacaagttacttacctatgactctgcaggaaatagagcaggctctaaaaagcagaccaattaaaaggtgggcctatctagtccacgataaagacacattggaagatggcacacttaaagacccacatttacatattgaaatggagttacaaagtgaccagacacccgataacatatccaagtggttcaaagataagcccgagagaatagaaaagggaaagagtaagaacccgaagtacatgtatgaaaatatgtgctcatatctgatacatgaaacaccaacggcagacggaaagtatcactatgaccctgcagacgttacggcaaactttgattttgtggcattcattgagcagataagagcaggagttaaggcagcagaagaaaaaaagcataagcacccattagcagaggttcttcaacagatatgtgataataagataccacggcttaaaattggtgactacgtcagcgatttggaccaaatccgatataatagagatataaagaccgcatacgaaataagagataaaaaactcgcaagaaaagaggatagagcaatggaagtattgtatattgaaggacaagcgggaacaggtaaaacaacattagccaaaatgttcggcaggaacaagcactatgacgtgtttgtaagcggttcaagtaatgacccgttcgagggatatcaaggccaagaatgtgttatattagacgatatacgcggaagtgactggaaaatcaatgaccttctgaaagtgctagataatcatactagttcacttgtaaaaagcagatactcaaacaaactccttgttgactgtaaactaatgatattaacctctgttcagtctatagaagacttgtacaaaggccttaaagagaacgataacgagccaatagagcaattaaaacgcaggtgtgcgcagtatatctacttaactttagatactgtagaaatgcgagaatatgacgaaaaaacaaggtcttacaaggtaaaggggcgcactatgaacccaataaccgcgattaatttcctccggaacaatgctagcattctagacgatttcggcaatatgatagcgtctattaagttagaatctagagatgtaaacggccaaggcgagcaaatgagcctgcttgacaataaagatttgccattttaa
>gene_26937|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggacgaaactacaccgcatttgcattacacctttctacctgtcatacagtcaaaggacggtagtcaacgtttttgtgcgaaggaaatgattaacagacgtgatttgcagacctttcacaaagactacaaggagtatttgcaagcgcacggaatgtatgctgatgttaacgagggtactacacttgtcaatgctaacggcaaagcgttgaccgtagcggaactcaaaaaaacgcatgaaataacgcacgagaacgaaaggagattgattttttga
>gene_13089|Mobilization protein
atgaacgacaaggaatacgcgaagctcaaaaaggaagccaaggctgctgggctgggcattgacccgtttatacgcaaccttgtagctggtgttgagattaagcccaagccgccggaggaatacgcgaagcttctgcgggagctatccgctatcggcaacaacataaatcagattgcccacatggcaaactacaggaagggtatttccgatgcagagatacaggaagcggcagctcttacccgacaggcttttagcttggtcaaggagttcttatga
>gene_33055|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgtataacataagaccaaccacaaagtttcagaaggatttgaagcgcgtgaaaaagcgcggctttgatatttctttgctgaccgatattattaaaaaactggctgcgggggagccgttgccggagaaaaacagggatcaccaactttccggggactatgcggggtgtcgtgagtgccacattacgccggattggttgctgatctacgaagtggacggggacgagctgattttatatctcacccggacgggatcgcatagcgatttattttag
>gene_4668|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgtataacataagaccaaccacaaaatttcagaaggatttgaagcgcgtgaaaaagcgcggttttgatatttctttgctgacggatattattaaaaagctggcggcgggggagccgctgccagagaagaacagggatcaccaactttctggggactatgcggggtgtcgtgagtgccacattacgccggattggttgctgatctacgaagtggacggggacgagctgattttgtatctcacccggacgggatcgcatagcgacttattttag
>gene_51830|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgtataacataagaccaaccacaaaatttcagaaggatttgaagcgcgtgaaaaagcgcggttttgatatttctttgctgacggatattattaaaaagctggcggcgggggagccgctgccagagaagaacagggatcaccaactttctggggactatgcggggtgtcgtgagtgccacattacgccggattggttgctgatctacgaagtggacggggacgagctgattttgtatctcacccggacgggatcgcatagcgacttattttag
>gene_54177|RelB antitoxin
atggcaagcacaaatatcaatatccgaatggacagtgatctgaaaatgcagtttgaggctttttgttctgatgttggaatgagcatgacaaccgcttttaatgtttttgcaaagaaggcggtgagagagtatcggattccgtttgaaatcggtggtgatgtgccgaatgctgcaacacggaaagctatcgaggatgcagagaatgggattggaatgagcagagcttttttctctgtaaaagagttgatggaggatttggatgctgacgattaa
>gene_31529|RelB antitoxin
atggcaagcacaaatatcaatatccgaatggacagtgatctgaaaatgcagtttgaggctttttgttctgatgttggaatgagcatgacaaccgcttttaatgtttttgcaaagaaggcggtgagagagtatcggattccgtttgaaatcggtggtgatgtgccgaatgctgcaacacggaaagctatcgaggatgcagagaatgggattggaatgagcagagcttttttctctgtaaaagagttgatggaggatttggatgctgacgattaa
>gene_35271|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_16096|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_40136|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_38023|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_19196|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_18305|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_15545|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_45024|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_34161|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_49383|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_7579|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcggtacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_30479|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_53394|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_32|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_2317|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_53971|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_26728|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_37366|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_52333|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_34769|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_16843|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagagtcttgaaacttacggggcagttcaagaaggacttgaagcgttacaagcacaatgctccgatgctcgaagacctcgaaagggtgttgcggcaattgaagcaggatgggaaggtggacgagaagcatcttccacatgcccttactggcaattacaaaggctatatggagtgccatgtccagagcgatttccttctcatctggattgacgaggaagaacaaattatcaagctcgtccgtctcggaagccattccgaactgttcaaatag
>gene_37987|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtacacaattagggtttccgacggggtggataaggtgattgccaaatggaagaaatcaaaccccaatttgttcaagaagtataagaaaatctacaaagaattgttagagcaccctaagactgggcttgggcatcccgaagcgttaaggggcggtggggatattacatggtctcgacacattaccgcccatgaccggataatctatgacatttacgaggaagtggtagaggtctacatcttggaggtagaggggcattacaacgataaatga
>gene_34345|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtacacaattagggtttccgacggggtggataaggtgattgccaaatggaagaaatcaaaccccaatttgttcaagaagtataagaaaatctacaaagaattgttagagcaccctaagactgggcttgggcatcccgaagcgttaagaggcggtggggatattacatggtctcgacacatcaccgcccatgaccggataatctatgacatttacgaggaagtagtagaagtctatattttggaggtagaggggcattacaacgataaatga
>gene_34816|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtacacaattagggtttccgacggggtggataaggtgattgccaaatggaagaaatcaaaccccaatttgttcaagaagtataagaaaatctacaaagaattgttagagcaccctaagactgggcttgggcatcccgaagcgttaagaggcggtggggatattacatggtctcgacacatcaccgcccatgaccggataatctatgacatttacgaggaagtagtagaagtctatattttggaggtagaggggcattacaacgataaatga
>gene_37726|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtacacaattagggtttccgacggggtggataaggtgattgccaaatggaagaaatcaaaccccaatttgttcaagaagtataagaaaatctacaaagaattgttagagcaccctaagactgggcttgggcatcccgaagcgttaaggggcggtggggatattacatggtctcgacacattaccgcccatgaccggataatctatgacatttacgaggaagtggtagaggtctacatcttggaggtagaggggcattacaacgataaatga
>gene_58144|Plasmid recombination protein
gtggctgaaatgggaagaatatctatgccacagggcaaaggaagtcaactgcataatcggagagattatgagaagattggaaaagagattcctgataacatcaattcatttatgacacacgaaaatgtgactatcgttgataaggacatcaaggttgcatacagagaaattttcggagaatatcttcaggaatacaactcaaaacagaaaaggtctgacagaaaaattgatgattattatgagcatatcctgaaatcaaagaatggagaaaagcctttctacgaagatgtattgcaatggggaaaaatggaagactttaaggcagaaccacgattaagagaaaaagcaaaagaatgcctggtcgaatatgccaggacttttgaagccaggaatccaaatcttaaacttataggtgcgtacgtccatatggacgaagcaagccctcatttacacttagactatattcctgtagctaatggatataaaacaggtctacaaactcgtaattcgctcgataaggctatgaaacagatggggtatacgccggtaaaggaaagtcggcaaaacaatgccacaaagctttggaaagagaatgaaagagaatattttggtgagctgtgtagaagcaaaggattgaatgttgaagcagaacgtaacttgggtagaaaacagtttactgtcagcgaatacaaagacgctcaaaaagaaatgctggaggaagtgaaagctgatattcttccagtaatcaaaaattacaacaagcaaaaagatgatgaacttaatgcagccattcaggcaaaaggaaaagcacacgcagaagaagcacgctatgagagctttaaagagcttgcagatgaacaggcaaagttaattgatgagactagcaatcgtattcaggaaaagagtgcagagctggatgaaaagctggagaagttatctgcattaaatgaactgtctgaaaaggtcgataatgctcatacattgcgtgaacagaagtacatcatagaaaatcacgtcatagaacctaaaaagtctttatttggcaaaatagaagctactgaacgtactggagtcttcattcaaggcttgaataaagagcaagtgcagaatatcttttcaagatatatcttcaacaagagtatcgaagatacttacaactcaatgaaaagctgggttcaggagcagaaagataagattgataaatattacaaagacctgaacgcacgtattaaggttttaacacatcaaagagatacgcttacaacagaagttgagaatataaagcagatccgacactctcttgaaacacttcgcaaagaagttgcaaatctacagaaatcaaaagatattctcactagggatatacgcaacatttataacgaaaaatatgcagtaaaaccaattaaatcctctaatgacctatggtatcttgcaagtaataaccgattaggtcttgaatatgatgatgggcatattgaattgattaagacttctggtcctacaagtaataaattatctcctgaatatgaaagagatatcagagctggaatatgccgtatgattgaatatattcctgaaccaaagatacaaatacaacagcgtatctttgatgaattgatagataagattgataagacgaaacctatatcgaaagatttagcaagtctaatcaatcaatctgatgaagttgaagaagtgattcagcaacttcatttacacttgtga
>gene_37422|RelE/StbE family addiction module toxin
atgctgacgattaagtatcagacggcctttaagaaggactacaagcggattgttcggagaggctatgatgtgcggctgttggaggaagtcatcactattttggctgaacagaagccgttgccagagatataccgggatcacaatctgtccggagattatatcgggtgcagggaatgccatataactccggactggcttttgatctatgagatcaagaatgacgagcttgttctctgcttgaccagaacgggaacgcacagcgatctgttttga
>gene_53891|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgctgacgattaagtatcagacggccttcaagaaggactataagcggatcattcggagaggctacgatgtgcggctgctggaggaagtaattactattttggctgaacagaggccgctgccggaaatttatcgagatcacaacctgtcaggggactatatcgggtgcagggagtgccatataaccccggattggctcttgatttatgaagttaagaatgacgaacttgttctctgtttgaccagaacaggaacgcatagcgatttgttctga
>gene_54178|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgctgacgattaagtatcagactgccttcaaaaaagactataagcgagttgtacggcggggctacgatgtgcggctactggaggaagtaattactattttagctgaacagaagccgctgccggaaaagtaccgggatcataacttgtccggcgattataccgggtgcagggaatgtcatataactccggactggcttttgatctatgagattaagaatgaagaacttgtcctattcttaaccagaacggggacgcatagcgatttgttctga
>gene_31530|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgctgacgattaagtatcagactgccttcaaaaaagactataagcgagttgtacggcggggctacgatgtgcggctactggaggaagtaattactattttagctgaacagaagccgctgccggaaaagtaccgggatcataacttgtccggcgattataccgggtgcagggaatgtcatataactccggactggcttttgatctatgagattaagaatgaagaacttgtcctattcttaaccagaacggggacgcatagcgatttgttctga
>gene_34706|RelE/StbE family addiction module toxin
atgctgacgattaagtatcagacggcctttaagaaggactacaagcggattgttcggagaggctatgatgtgcggctgttggaggaagtcatcactattttggctgaacagaagccgttgccagagatataccgggatcacaatctgtccggagattatatcgggtgcagggaatgccatataactccggactggcttttgatctatgagatcaagaatgacgagcttgttctctgcttgaccagaacgggaacgcacagcgatctgttttga
>gene_30584|Putative Rep protein
gatactttaggcttaactctcaacagaaggacaagctacgaaaacgaaaaaaaagccgataaacatcggctttttgcacaaaaaaaatttactacccagtgtatagaaaaactgcccctgccgtgttataatggtggtgttcagacaacattactatacacggaaaggagcagtgcacaggggtttttcccctttattcatcgtatttatgatacagcacgaacaaaaaaaatgcaacatgaaatttgtggagaagttcttcaggacttcgacagtagcggcaaaagccgcgaatggagcgagagaaaaatggcaaacgaacttcttgcgaccgcatacgagcaagtcaacgaaagcaaggctgcgcgcctgcgcagttgttctgacttccttgaatttgcaataacccccacaggaaagaaacttacaaacgcgcggttttgccgcgtgcgtttgtgtccaatttgccaatggcgtaagtcgcttaaatcttttgggcaaacccagaagataatcaacgcgatagcgggcagcgaaaaaccacaagcctacataatgctcacgcttacggttaagaactgcaaagccgaggaattaagcattacaattgacgcgctcatgcgcgcatggaataacatgaccagacggcaacagtggcttaaagctgttaatggttggtaccgtgggcttgaggttacccataatgttaatcccaactcccgcgattatgatacataccacccgcacttccatgcgctgcttgccgttaataagtcttactttacaagtagggactacttatcgcaggcaaaatggacggagctgtggcgccatgcgattggcgccgattatacccctattgttcatgtgcaaaaatgcaaagaaacattcggagccgttgccgaagtttcaaagtacacaacaaaatcagatgattatatagttccagatgattgggatttgaccgttgaggcggtcaatacattagactatgctcttaataatcgtcggctcgttgcttacggcggtttaatggcagagtggcatagacggcttaaccttaccgatgtagaagagggcgacctcatcgacaccgatgacgagagcagcggagaagttgcgccagatagcaagattgtggtatatcgttggtacactggttaccgccagtacagaagggagcagtaa
>gene_50512|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtatacaatcaaattcgaccgtaaggcagaaaaggtggttgccaaatggaaaaagtccaaccctaaccttttcaagaaactccgcaatgtgcttgaagacataatgctgcacccccgttccggaatcggtcatccggaagcacttgtaggaggcggtgacattacctggtcccgtcatataaccgcacatgacagaatcatctaccggattcatgacaaagaaatctatgtggtcgtagtggaaattgaaggacactataatgacaagtaa
>gene_16679|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atggctaaaggaaatatgacacttagaatggaacctgaattaaaagagcaagcatctatgctttttagagcattaggaatggatttaagtacggctacagggattttctatagacaagcgttgagatgtcatggattgccatttgaaattaagatagatgagcctaatgagcagacatatgcagctatggaagaagctgagcatatgttaaagaatccgaatgttagaaagttctctagtgttgatgatttgttttcggagttagatgactaa
>gene_7778|Plasmid recombination protein
atgagcctttgcggaatcatgcgtgtagaaaagcgacgccgtgcgtcggttttcggcctccagattgaggcgaaccgggaggccggcgaccatgagatagacgggcgcgattttgagcgttcggatatcgactggtcgcggacaagcgagaacgtctcgcttgtccataccgacaactggaacaagacaatcacatcgacgctgcatgacctcggcatcaaggagcgcaaggacagcgtggtgcttctcgatgggctttacacggcctcc
>gene_20341|Plasmid recombination-related protein
atgcgagtggattcattttcaaaagcagcattgaaaaagctcatagctgaacacgacagggcgtcgaaaaagtacaagaacgaaatagataacagtcgttctcatatgaactatacattcacgttgggtgatggttttaagacggataaaatgtctgtttatgatagggcagtcaatcgggttaaagacattatgggtgaccgtaagattccgtcgaataccaactatatgagcgagtgggtattgacgtaccctgaaagtctgtgtgagaccgttaagagcgatacaggcaaggtgtatcataagccgttagacccaaaacagtgcgagaagtttttccagcttgcctgcaatatgctggttgatagatacggggtagataatttcctgggtgcgtgggttcatatggacgaatcaacaccccatatgcatttcagcttcgtgccggaagctacaagccgtaaaacgggcaagaaaactgtatcgtctgcatccttgctgacgccccttgaactgtctggacagacacgtaaggacaaggacggcaacgtaaagagcggtgtacagtacgatatgcaacagcttatgattgctgaatttggcgatgaagcccgtgattggatattgaacggacgcacgaagggcggatataccacgtctgaattgaaaacccgtacaaaggcagataaggagcttaaggcacgtgaaaaagctctcaagcagagagaagatgctgtatctctgcgtgagacagctgtcaaggaaagagaagaagctgctgatgcccgtgataaagctcaagatgctcgtgatacagcccaaactgaacgggaaaagtggtttgatgaaatcaagaccgtgatgctgaagacggttgacacggcaaatacggccatacacggcattattgatgcacaggcaaggaatgatgcacatgatgagatacaggctcaaattgagcccgttaagacgctttacaagtcatctaagaagcaaggcaaggcttatcgtgaacaggtcaaggaagctgcccagaaggctcgtgaagcatctgtaacgggtacagacggtaagattgtgcctatgcctgttcaaatgccttcaaatgagcaattaaggggctatgaagcagaagctgaattgggtacgtatatgattgacggggaagatacagagaaaacccgttaa
>gene_43024|DNA recombinase
atggaggacttaggaccatatcagatagcacagctcctgaaagaaaagaaggtcgaaattcccgccgtccacatggcgcgatatggtcagggactgaacaagaataagactttccaagatccgtataattggggatcgtccaccattgtcaacattctgaaaaaacgggagtatcttgggcataccgtgaacttcaaaacgagaaaacacttcaaggacaagaaaagtcactatgtatccgaggatcagtgggtgatcttcgagaatacatag
>gene_29763|Replication initiation protein
atggctcgtcccaagaaaaacacagaacctatcgttggtaccggcagggatccggaggccaaattgactgtacagaagtctatcccactgttctccttgtggcgttccgacatgtccctggccgagttcaaaattctggacacttatctttctcggattaacagccataacccagagaagcgcacggtagtctttactaagggcgagctggagcagcttctgggtgtgaaacggatcaataagcctgatctgactgcccgacttaaaggtttgtatcgtggcgtcgagcttgaaaaaggcaattccaagaagatgcacaccatcgccctgttcgaggaagcctacggcgagatggacgaaaatggtcagtgggtggtcaagttgacctgcacagcagcagccatgaagtacatcttcaacatcgagcagctgggatacctccgatacaagctgcgctgcatcaccagtttgaccagtcgatacacctacatcctgtttacttacctggagcaaaatcgtttccggaagtcctgggaggttgacgtagatgagctgcggcaaattctaagctgtgaccaggacgagagttacatacccttcaaagtattcaatgaccggatcctgaagcgctgccagaaggaacttttggaaaaaaccgagtgtcggttcacctatgaacccatcaaaaagggccgtaaagtcttttctgtccggttcgagttggaatccatcgccgtccttccggagctggatgacggccagatatccatgttcgacgaggaggatccggaggtcgcaattgcagagatccttcccagcagcttcacaagggagcaggttcacgccatttatgtggctgcacaggctgttgttcctcacgatccgaagtcaaaccagtcccacgagtttgaaattgcacgatatctccggttgaaggtggccatcatggaagcctccaagaaacccatccctcacccgttttcatatctcttgacggtgattcagaacgagccggtccggaaacctgcatctgcagacaaaaaactccccttccccggtggccctggatgggagccgtctctgggacagtttgagttagaggcaatccaaaagactctgcggactgccggtgacgatcctgaaattgctgccagggccgaagctctcaaggaagaattgcagaaatag
>gene_15638|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtacacgattaaatttgaccgaaaggcggaaaaggttatagcgaaatggaagaagtccaatccgaacctcttcaagaagctccgtgacacacttcaggatatcatgcagcacccgcgttccggaatcggccatccggaagcattgaagggaggcaaggatattacatggtcacgccatataacggcacacgaccgcattatctacgacatccacgacgaagaaatctatgtggttgtcgttgaagtggaaggacactacaatgacaagtaa
>gene_34298|Toxin RelE
ttggcttggacgattaaaattgacaaggccgccaaaaaggaacttgcaaagctggataaaacagcggcagatcgaattttgcgattttttgaagagcgaatcgccacagatgataacccgcggcgattcggcgatgctctttcggaaaatttggctggcctttggaaataccgtatcggagattaccgcgcaattgtggagatacaagacgacataattatcgttttagttctccatgttggtcacagaaaaaaaatctatggaggtcattaa
>gene_39979|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgctaatcgttaagtggcaaccaaccgcagtagaagatttggaagcaataattgactatatcgccaaccataatactgttgccgcatatgacctagaagaccatattctacaatctgctgaagatttggcagaacacccatacaaagggcgtaatggtcgaagagcaggaacaagagagttacttgtccatccaaattattggttagtctatgaggtttcagacctgattcgcattaccaatgtaatacatacgagtagactctatccctga
>gene_16807|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagtaagatggctgcgcacattgaccacttcaagaagggggccgtgggagctctcggcgcgcacaatctgtacaagagaggcgaacacgatgaacacagcaaccaggatatcgacccgacacgcagctcttggaacttggccatgatcgtgccggaggacggactatatcagaccgtcaaggccaccgtcgaccagtgccccaacagggtgaccgctgcatcgatctgggtgagcgagtggatcatctacccgcctgcccatctgcaggaccccttcaccgccgaccccgaagagctccagcgcttctacgatgacgtccacgagtggatgcgtcgcaagggctacaaccccatcatgtcggtcgtccatcgcgatgaaacgaccgtccatgcccatatcgacactatcccactgaccgcagacggtcgcttatctcgaaaggacgtctacaccaggacagccctcaacaacatccataccgacctttccaaatacctcggaacttgcggatgggatatccagagaggcgagcctcgacagcctggcaagtctggcaaggccaagaccgtcaatcagtacaaagcctgggctgaagaagagcgcaagactatcacagctgagatccagcggttggagaacgaccttgaggaactgaagaagaagcagctccttccagaggagcttgaggagatctctccttcgacaaccataaccggacgcttccgagtaacaccagaagagtgggaagcgatggaggcgaccgccagaggagcctcagaagcccgcgaggaggcccggagagctcgccaaagggtaaaggacctccagaaggaactcgaggtcacacaggcgctcctggcggctgagagacgcaaaaaagagctcgacttccaaatcaaagagggaaatcacagaagagataccgatccaaagctctttgcgcctcttctcgatgtgctgtccaactttttcaaagccaagccagaggtgagagaggactttggaaactaccactgcaactacaaagatggaaccttcgggcctatggactggaaggttcaggccatgctcgacgagatctgcggaacagactttgcccgacaggacatggcccggcacttcggctgggactacactccgaaaaagaaggatgaggaagtcgaatatgagtggcggtctatgtga
>gene_6464|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atggctaattatgacgtagaatatgctgaaaccttttttgatgatatggataaactcgatagaggaacgcaaaaacaaattatgaagtggattgaaaaacatttagttggtgttgattttccacgctctccaggtaaatatctaactggaaatttatcgggatatgttcgatttagggtttcaaattatagaattatagctgtcgttgatgatgatgctttagtgattacaaatttgcatgttgggcaccgttcgacgatttacaaaaaataa
>gene_53327|Putative mobilization protein
atgaaatttacgaaaggaaatgcacgtaggattttgggacattgtgagcgagaattgtctgcccatggagattttttgaaatatcgtactggctctgaaattgacagagataaatctcatttgaatatgtcagttaatttcaaagacggattaactgctcatgagcgattagataaacgattgaatgaggtttatgtgttaaatcgaaatgatgttaatgttatgtgcgattgggttgtaacttatcctgagggattgcctaaaaatcaaaaagctctaaaagattttttcggacatacaattcattttctgaaagaaagatatggggtagaaaatcgtattagttgcaatattcatcttgacgaaaaccaacctcatctccattattgtttcgttcctgtaacttatgacagcaaaaaagaaagatataaagtatcggcaaaagaggtaattaacagagctgacctcaactcttttcacagtgatttggaagagtatctgcatgataagattggacttaaaaaaggcttgatatattcgggtaaaacggagttgcaaggcggtaataagtctgtaagtgaattaaaatcggatttaaatgtaataaaatcgactatctcaagaaaaaaacaagaactgatagttttatccggagtacatgaagaagtccgtaggattaagaataaggcttttccggagcctaaaaaaatgccattaggatattattactccaaggaacagtttgaggaactgaagactacttttagtcagttgaaggagagagcagaacaaggcgtaggcattatagccaaacaacatgctaagattgaagatttagaggagaaagttaataatctgcagttaaatgtaacggaattggcagacaggaataagcaattaaaaaaaactcacttgtatttggaaaatcgaaatttgagacaggaaattaagtctattgaaaaaaacagggaagaagaagaggtgagaaaggaattcgaaaagaagaccgaatttaataaagagacatatttcgagaaaaaaattcaggatttaacaaaaaaaattaaaaagcaagaaaatttgatagaaaaaatctgtaactatactcatttaacaaaaaatgaatttacaaagttacaaaacagtttgaatccgcaaaaatctaagggttacgaaaagataaggtag
>gene_30443|Putative mobilization protein
atgaaatttacgaaaggaaatgcacgtaggattttgggacattgtgagcgagaattgtctgcccatggagattttttgaaatatcgtactggctctgaaattgacagagataaatctcatttgaatatgtcagttaatttcaaagacggattaactgctcatgagcgattagataaacgattgaatgaggtttatgtgttaaatcgaaatgatgttaatgttatgtgcgattgggttgtaacttatcctgagggattgcctaaaaatcaaaaagctctaaaagattttttcggacatacaattcattttctgaaagaaagatatggggtagaaaatcgtattagttgcaatattcatcttgacgaaaaccaacctcatctccattattgtttcgttcctgtaacttatgacagcaaaaaagaaagatataaagtatcggcaaaagaggtaattaacagagctgacctcaactcttttcacagtgatttggaagagtatctgcatgataagattggacttaaaaaaggcttgatatattcgggtaaaacggagttgcaaggcggtaataagtctgtaagtgaattaaaatcggatttaaatgtaataaaatcgactatctcaagaaaaaaacaagaactgatagttttatccggagtacatgaagaagtccgtaggattaagaataaggcttttccggagcctaaaaaaatgccattaggatattattactccaaggaacagtttgaggaactgaagactacttttagtcagttgaaggagagagcagaacaaggcgtaggcattatagccaaacaacatgctaagattgaagatttagaggagaaagttaataatctgcagttaaatgtaacggaattggcagacaggaataagcaattaaaaaaaactcacttgtatttggaaaatcgaaatttgagacaggaaattaagtctattgaaaaaaacagggaagaagaagaggtgagaaaggaattcgaaaagaagaccgaatttaataaagagacatatttcgagaaaaaaattcaggatttaacaaaaaaaattaaaaagcaagaaaatttgatagaaaaaatctgtaactatactcatttaacaaaaaatgaatttacaaagttacaaaacagtttgaatccgcaaaaatctaagggttacgaaaagataaggtag
>gene_29875|Addiction module antitoxin RelB/DinJ family
atggcacaaacattagtaaatgttcgcatggacgaagatgtgaaaaaaagtatggaagaaacatgtaaggaattaggaataacaatgagtacagcttttaatatatttgcaagaaaaatgtgcagagaaaaaagaataccttttgaagtatctgttgatccattttatttagaaagcaatataaaagctatagaagaatcaatgaaacaactaaaagaaggtaaagtagtcgtaaaaactatggaagaactagaggcgatggaaaatgaataa
>gene_9205|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggtgaaattggtggttctctttcacacacttatagaactagaaacacgccaaacgctgacgaaagtagaattcatttaaatgaacattctttagaaacatacaattcatgttttgcagctatcaaaaattcgatacctgaaaaaaggcgtaagaatgctgttttatgtattgagcatttaattactacgtcaccagattggaacggctggggaactgaaaaagagaaagaattttttgataaatctttagagtttgttaaacaaaaatatggctcagaaaatgttattgcacactcaattcatcgagatgaaacgacgccgcacttgattgtttatgttttaccaattgatgaaaaaggggggctgaacgctaaaaaatggcttggggggagagcaaaattaagtcaaacacagaccgattttgcaaatgaagttaagagtttggggcttgaaagaggcttagaaaattcgaaagctcgacataaaacgcttaaaaaatattacgcagaaggtaaaaaaccgaccccaaaagtagaagaaataaaatatgaaattcagccgattgattatgatttgattccgaaaatggggcttcttgaaacaacttcaagctttaataaaaaaatggagcagagttataaagatgttcactttaaatatgaaaatcagttgcttagtttgcataaagatcatcgtgaacgcctgcaaaaaactgtagatatctatgagagtaagctgcttgattcacgacttagaattgaaaaattgagtaatgaaaatgagagacttaaatctgataaaaagctgatcacaaaagactttgagaaaaaaatagaacttttagagagtgaaaacgaaagagagaaagctaagatcattcataatttgaataaattcgagagtttttcagagtttaaaaaaattgatccgcatgcatttcatcgtttagagctagatgttttagatgttttaaatcagcacaagcgtaagcttgaagcagatagaaaagcagaagctgaacgacactatagagagcagcagcgcattgaaaatgagcgcagggtagcactaaagcaaaaagaagatgatcacaaggcttggctctttaatcgcactttagagcgaaaagatggggcttttgcgcatgatttaaaagttgtgtctgctcactctcaaaatcaatgtgagaaatctgcaattgctgagcttttagagttccgaaaatctgaaaaaacggctcttacaattgaacattttgagcatcgcttgcaaaaaattaaggcgggtgatttaagtagattgcatgaatttaagagtgcaattgagtgggcaacgaatgacggtttaacagaaactatgctgcggcttgaaatgaaagttgatttgaacgatccaaagtttgagagacatgtttttcatgttcttgaaaatgtcagtcgaattattgaaaaagagttagagaaaacaaagtattcagaattagaaaaaattaaaaaattggcagattttggcgactttgtgcgtgaaaaaactgatttgctttatagtgattatttgcaaacacgtttgaagccgctctatgaacgggagcagcagagtaaagaacatttagatgcaatgcgtaaaattgacccaaattacatgcgtggtattagcttgaataatgagtctgaacctgaaaaaccaaaaccaaggcgtggaaatgatttttcgatgtag
>gene_15917|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggtgaaattggtggttctctttcacacacttatagaactagaaacacgccaaacgctgacgaaagtagaattcatttaaatgaacattctttagaaacatacaattcatgttttgcagctatcaaaaattcgatacctgaaaaaaggcgtaagaatgctgttttatgtattgagcatttaattactacgtcaccagattggaacggctggggaactgaaaaagagaaagaattttttgataaatctttagagtttgttaaacaaaaatatggctcagaaaatgttattgcacactcaattcatcgagatgaaacgacgccgcacttgattgtttatgttttaccaattgatgaaaaaggggggctgaacgctaaaaaatggcttggggggagagcaaaattaagtcaaacacagaccgattttgcaaatgaagttaagagtttggggcttgaaagaggcttagaaaattcgaaagctcgacataaaacgcttaaaaaatattacgcagaaggtaaaaaaccgaccccaaaagtagaagaaataaaatatgaaattcagccgattgattatgatttgattccgaaaatggggcttcttgaaacaacttcaagctttaataaaaaaatggagcagagttataaagatgttcactttaaatatgaaaatcagttgcttagtttgcataaagatcatcgtgaacgcctgcaaaaaactgtagatatctatgagagtaagctgcttgattcacgacttagaattgaaaaattgagtaatgaaaatgagagacttaaatctgataaaaagctgatcacaaaagactttgagaaaaaaatagaacttttagagagtgaaaacgaaagagagaaagctaagatcattcataatttgaataaattcgagagtttttcagagtttaaaaaaattgatccgcatgcatttcatcgtttagagctagatgttttagatgttttaaatcagcacaagcgtaagcttgaagcagatagaaaagcagaagctgaacgacactatagagagcagcagcgcattgaaaatgagcgcagggtagcactaaagcaaaaagaagatgatcacaaggcttggctctttaatcgcactttagagcgaaaagatggggcttttgcgcatgatttaaaagttgtgtctgctcactctcaaaatcaatgtgagaaatctgcaattgctgagcttttagagttccgaaaatctgaaaaaacggctcttacaattgaacattttgagcatcgcttgcaaaaaattaaggcgggtgatttaagtagattgcatgaatttaagagtgcaattgagtgggcaacgaatgacggtttaacagaaactatgctgcggcttgaaatgaaagttgatttgaacgatccaaagtttgagagacatgtttttcatgttcttgaaaatgtcagtcgaattattgaaaaagagttagagaaaacaaagtattcagaattagaaaaaattaaaaaattggcagattttggcgactttgtgcgtgaaaaaactgatttgctttatagtgattatttgcaaacacgtttgaagccgctctatgaacgggagcagcagagtaaagaacatttagatgcaatgcgtaaaattgacccaaattacatgcgtggtattagcttgaataatgagtctgaacctgaaaaaccaaaaccaaggcgtggaaatgatttttcgatgtag
>gene_8790|Replication protein
aaatatccagttaagccaacagatatagaaatagataacgctgaaatgattgatgatttgtatagtggattacacaaaaagcgtcagattggattttttggagtattcaaagaaatccgtaaagagttagctcaagacgatattgaaaatggcgatttggtacgaactaatcaagaaaaaattgatttgacgattggtcagaaaatgattgcttattggtcagcgacaaaggctaattatatcttgaagattgacaagaaagcccaagaatga
>gene_43338|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
atgaccatgaaccaattttatggggaaattcccctggctacaagccccaaagtgcaacaaatagccaagccccttggtatatttacgaaatctcatgtaaaccttacacagcaaggcttacagcgaagccacgaatttatcctacaagaccaatcttctaagcttttacctaaa
>gene_18800|Prevent-host-death protein
atgattgctattaactttacgactgcccgtggtcgcctgaaggatttttgtgatagggtgacagacagaggagagacggtaattgtaaccagaaaagctgaaaaaaacgttgtaatcattagcgaggaacgctttaacgagttggagaaagcggagcggaatgctgcctatcttggaaaattggagagagggctggagcaggttcacgctggccttgggattgtgaaaacgatggaggagctggaggcgatggtgggcgatggcatataa
>gene_54105|Addiction module antitoxin, Axe family
atgattgctattaactttacgactgcccgtggtcgcctgaaggatttttgtgatagggtgacagacagaggagagacggtaattgtaaccagaaaagctgaaaaaaacgttgtaatcattagcgaggaacgctttaacgagctggagaaggcagagcggaatgctgcctatcttgggaagttggagagaggcctggagcaggttcacgctggcctcgggattatgaagactatggaggagttggaggcgatggcgggcgatggcgcataa
>gene_45216|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_48796|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_9152|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
gaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_32973|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_37039|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_18449|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_20134|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_41041|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_35137|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_36313|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_54408|Addiction module toxin YoeB
atgtatgagatagaattttcagaagaagccacaagggaacttctcaaaatgatgaagtctgatgtgcaagcctacaagaagtttgagagtcttatccccgaacttcgggaacacccatacacagggacaggacacccacatcagttgcggcacgtcaatggcatttggtcgaggaaactcgacaagaagaaccgattgcgttacacggtcaatgatacgaccgtgattgtgttcattgtgtcagccatgggacattatgatgacaagtag
>gene_3858|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgagttattctgtagagtatgcaccgaaagctgtaaaggaattaaagaagctcgacaaacagacaagagcactcataatagggtggatcgaaaaaaatcttgtaaattgtgaaaatccacgccaacacggaaaagggctgacttcgaatcgtaagggacaatggagatatcgtattggagattatcgtgtgattgctgatatacaagacgaaagagttgttgtacttgtggtatcggttggtcatagaagcgacatttataagaaataa
>gene_17323|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atgtgttattctgtggaatactccccccaagcggtgaaagatctgaaaaaactggatagacaaacaaatgcgctgattgtagggtggattgaaaaaaatcttgtgggatgtgagaaccctcgtcaacacggtaaagggttgaccgcaaatcgcagtggacaatggagataccgtatcggtgattatcgtgtgattgccgatatactggatgataaagttgttattgtggtggtagctgttggccacagacgtgatgtgtataagaaatga
>gene_5216|mobilization protein, partial
atgaaggaagttctagaaagccaccgtgtcggtcttaaaggggacatgacccatctcaaaaatctccttgcccacatcgcaagggagaatatcgaccgtgagaatccggacagtctgccggactggataaggaaggactggaaaccggacggtctccataccgacggtacgccgtctgccgatgctcttgaaaaacgggaaaaaatcatcaccgggctcaaacggcgtccgcagagtaacagctgcatggcgttcgaattcataatctctgcaggcgaaggttttccgccggacaaatggcatgattattttgaggaagcaaaagcgttcctctgcacgcgatacggtatggaaaacctcatctcgtcggcaatccacaccgacgaaaagacacctcacatgcatctagtcttcgttccagtcataaagttcaccatgagggacggcacgacagaacggcgatactcggcatctgactatcttgaagatggcgccagtctcagcgaaggcgaagggacttcggcagcagttgccggtaaggaccggtttaagctgaaaaaagctgctcttgtacagctccacaccgatttcaatgaggccgtcggcaagaaattcgggcttgagcggggcgaagaagggagccgggcctctcatacgtctctagttgagtacagccgaaaaatgaaggaatcgaagaagcgaatagcggaacttgaacgcgataacgacatcaagcaggaagaattgaagaaaaacctagaggcccaaagttttttactccaaaaactaaaaaatgaccaactggagcttgacgagcgggaaaaagccactaaatcaaaagaggacgagcttatcgcacaggaaggcaacctgaaccggagagaaaatgaccttaatatccgtgaacagaaaatcgagaagcgtgaaaaagagatggaagcctgcctttctcaggttgacaaatcagaagcgtatatccacggagaactggtgatgtattcccaggcaaatagccgaggcactgtacagtcgtacaggccagagaatcccattaggctcatgatcgccataggcaattttatcaatgcagcaaagacgagaatcgctcagcttgaaagaaaagtaaatgaattaacaaaccagcaggaccgtgacaggaatgctgaaagttttgacatatccagatag
>gene_52404|Putative replication initiator protein
aagggcgaagatgtgcttattcttgatgacttgcgagatagtgactttaagtttacggacttattaaagatacttgataatcatactaaaaccactatgaaagcacgctatcacaataaagcatttataggcgaaactattattattacatcgtatcgacctttgaatgattggtattttgatgtgcctaaagagagtaaagagcaattatataggcgtataaaaacgcaatataaattctatcaagaatatattgaaatattcgaatatagcgaagaattacatcgttatgaatacattggaaaagtgcctaatgttatcactatgaaagcgagagaaaaggctaaaatggctcttaatatggttaaggctatggggttagaattagacaccaatgttgagcaaaaaataaataataaaattgatagtatgagcgatgaacaactcgaaatggagtttatgaaaattgatgatactaccgatttaccatttgattaa
>gene_17856|Putative replication initiator protein
atggctaaatcaatgaaaactgcttttattcgtgttgcaagtgagaataatacgcaaaacggattagtaaggtatattaaaagcgatattgatactattctgcgtgaatggtctgctagttgtaaattgacatattggtttatagaacactctgccgatgaagaagttagtcttacacattggcatattgtattgcgttttgctaaccctacgccatttgaaaatattaaaagtaaattcccttatggcgatatagaaaatgctaaaagtattaaatcgtgcgtgcagtatcttatacacttaaatgataaatctaaagtgcaatataagtgggaagatatagttacaaattgcgaagatatgacaccatttaaggtgcagtctaacgctcaaggcgagataactatacaacgcattatggagcaaatcgaaaaaggcgaaataagagaatttaatcagtttgaatatatcccaattgagatatgggcaaagtataaaacaagaatagaaaatggactaactttttatagggagcgtgtatatatggataaggatagacaaatcaatgtagtatttatgagtggcgaaaccggagttggtaaaacatcatttgcaaagcagtattgtacacaagcaaaaaagagcttttgtgtatcttcatcaagtaacgaccctatgcaagattataagggcgaagatgtgcttattcttgatgacttgcgagatagtgactttaagtttacggacttattaaagatacttgataatcatactaaaaccactatgaaagcacgctatcacaataaagcatttataggcgaaactattattattacatcgtatcgacctttgaatgattggtattttgatgtgcctaaagagagtaaagagcaattatataggcgtataaaaacgcaatataaattctatcaagaatatattgaaatattcgaatatagcgaagaattacatcgttatgaatacattggaaaagtgcctaatgttatcactatgaaagcgagagaaaaggctaaaatggctcttaatatggttaaggctatggggttagaattagacaccaatgttgagcaaaaaataaataataaaattgatagtatgagcgatgaacaactcgaaatggagtttatgaaaattgatgatactaccgatttaccatttgattaa
>gene_821|Putative replication initiator protein
atggctaaatcaatgaaaactgcttttattcgtgttgcaagtgagaataatacgcaaaacggattagtaaggtatattaaaagcgatattgatactattctgcgtgaatggtctgctagttgtaaattgacatattggtttatagaacactctgccgatgaagaagttagtcttacacattggcatattgtattgcgttttgctaaccctacgccatttgaaaatattaaaagtaaattcccttatggcgatatagaaaatgctaaaagtattaaatcgtgcgtgcagtatcttatacacttaaacgataaatctaaagtgcaatataagtgggaagatatagttacaaattgcgaagatatgacaccatttaaggtgcagtctaacgctcaaggcgagataactatacaacgcattatggagcaaatcgaaaaaggcgaaataagagagtttaatcagtttgaatatatcccaattgagatatgggcaaagtataaaacaagaatagaaaatggactaactttttatagggagcgtgtatatatggataaggatagacaaatcaatgtagtatttatgagtggcgaaaccggagttggtaaaacatcatttgcaaagcaatattgtacacaagcaaaaaagagcttttgtgtatcttcatcaagtaacgaccctatgcaagattataagggcgaagatgtgcttattcttgatgacttgcgagatagtgactttaagtttacggacttattaaagatacttgataatcatactaaaaccactatgaaagcacgctatcacaataaagcatttataggcgaaactattattattacatcgtatcgacctttgaatgattggtattttgatgtgcctaaagagagtaaagagcaattatataggcgtataaaaacgcaatataaattctatcaagaatatattgaaatattcgaatatagcgaagaattacatcgttatgaatacattggaaaagtgcctaatgttatcactatgaaagcgagagaaaaggctaaaatggctcttaatatggttaaggctatggggttagaattagacaccaatgttgagcaaaaaataaataataaaattgatagtatgagcgatgaacaactcgaaatggagtttatgaaaattgatgatactaccgatttaccatttgattaa
>gene_36840|Putative replication initiator protein
atggctaaatcaatgaaaactgcttttattcgtgttgcaagtgagaataatacgcaaaacggattagtaaggtatattaaaagcgatattgatactattctgcgtgaatggtctgctagttgtaaattgacatattggtttatagaacactctgccgatgaagaagttagtcttacacattggcatattgtattgcgtttttctaaccctacgccatttgaaaatattaaaagtaaattcccttatggcgatatagaaaatgctaaaagtattaaatcgtgcgtgcagtatcttatacacttaaacgataaatctaaagtgcaatataagtgggaagatatagttacaaattgcgaagatatgacaccatttaaggtgcagtctaacgctcaaggcgagataactatacaacgcattatggagcaaatcgaaaaaggcgaaataagagaatttaatcagtttgaatatatcccaattgagatatgggcaaagtataaaacaagaatagaaaatggactaactttttatagggagcgtgtatatatggataaggatagacaaatcaatgtagtatttatgagtggcgaaaccggagttggtaaaacatcatttgcaaagcaatattgtacacaagcaaaaaagagcttttgtgtatcttcatcaagtaacgaccctatgcaagattataagggcgaagatgtgcttattcttgatgacttgcgagatagtgactttaagtttacggacttattaaagatacttgataatcatactaaaaccactatgaaagcacgctatcacaataaagcatttataggcgaaactattattattacatcgtatcgacctttgaatgattggtattttgatgtgcctaaagagagtaaagagcaattatataggcgtataaaaacgcaatataaattctatcaagaatatattgaaatattcgaatatagcgaagaattacatcgttatgaatacattggaaaagtgcctaatgttatcactatgaaagcgagagaaaaggctaaaatggctcttaatatggttaaggctatggggttagaattagacaccaatgttgagcaaaaaataaataataaaattgatagtatgagcgatgaacaactcgaaatggagtttatgaaaattgatgatactagcgatttaccatttgattaa
>gene_34782|Putative replication initiator protein
atggctaaatcaatgaaaactgcttttattcgtgttgcaagtgagaataatacgcaaaacggattagtaaggtatattaaaagcgatattgatactattctgcgtgaatggtctgctagttgtaaattgacatattggtttatagaacactctgccgatgaagaagttggtcttacacattggcatattgtattgcgtttttctaaccctacgccatttgaaaatattaaaagtaaattcccttatggcgatatagaaaatgctaaaagtattaaatcgtgcgtgcagtatcttatacacttaaacgataaatctaaagtgcaatataagtgggaagatatagttacaaattgcgaagatatgacaccatttaaggtgcagtctaacgctcaaggcgagataactatacaacgcattatggagcaaatcgaaaaaggcgaaataagagaatttaatcagtttgaatatatcccaattgagatatgggcaaagtataaaacaagaatagaaaatggactaactttttatagggagcgtgtatatatggataaggatagacaaatcaatgtagtatttatgagtggcgaaaccggagttggtaaaacatcatttgcaaagcaatattgtacacaagcaaaaaagagcttttgtgtatcttcatcaagtaacgaccctatgcaagattataagggcgaagatgtgcttattcttgatgacttgcgagatagtgactttaagtttacggacttattaaagatacttgataatcatactaaaaccactatgaaagcacgctatcacaataaagcatttataggcgaaactattattattacatcgtatcgacctttgaatgattggtattttgatgtgcctaaagagagtaaagagcaattatataggcgtataaaaacgcaatataaattctatcaagaatatattgaaatattcgaatatagcgaagaattacatcgttatgaatacattggaaaagtgcctaatgttatcactatgaaagcgagagaaaaggctaaaatggctcttaatatggttaaggctatggggttagaattagacaccaatgttgagcaaaaaataaataataaaattgatagtatgagcgatgaacaactcgaaatggagtttataaaaattgatgatactagcgatttaccatttgattaa
>gene_16770|Replication protein
agccttacaaacgtgagaattgaccgcaataagcgaaatgggagaaaacaggaagttcacctaatgggagcaagagccattcaggaaattaacgacagagtgaacggaactgattggagagaggggaacggcagacctactgcagagtcgactgttcggaagtaccttaagaaacacccgaatgcgaccaaagccgaggtaatacgaggtacggggttgtcgaaaccaaccgtgtacaaacactatgaaactgtgataaaatcactataa
>gene_52777|Bacterial mobilization protein (MobC) (Fragment)
gtgaagcgtaaccgcgaggtaagagtccgcctgtcagaagacgagcttgcggttctaaaccgagacacagaaaagtccggatggtcgagagaaaagtatatgcgagctcttattgcgcacagcccaataaaatcgaagccagcaatggaccttgtttctgtgctcagaaacctacagcaaatcaacaataatatgaaccagattgcgatgaaggcgaacacgcttaacttcgtggacactgcagcttactgggaaaatgttgac
>gene_9282|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atggcacatgcagtaaatgtaaattttcgattggacgaagatgtgaaaaagagcatggagcaggcttgctctgaaatgggtctatccatgagtgcggcgtttacaatttttgcaaaaaaagttggaagagagaaacgcataccctttgaggtatcagtagatccattctattctgagagcaatatggcacatttgcggcgtgggattgcttctcttaatgcaggacatggtgtagagcatgagttgatagaggtagaggacaaatga
>gene_39364|Initiator RepB protein
gaggaattgagagaggttacagattgcaaatccaagttcaagcaggttggacaatttagggaaaaggtgcttgatagagcattgaatgatatttatttgaatagtggtattgatatacattacactgatgataagagaggtaggttagtagtaggctttaatttttctgctacatcttttggaattgatatgacggactttgtacctagtgccgatactttagctaggattgaagaatttaaaaaaaagcagcagaacatttcgtag
>gene_16828|Mobilization protein
gtggaggtgaacgagatgggctacaagataggcgcaccgagtttaaaattaaataacgcaggaacggtatcgaagcattgcggggacttcggaagcgtggccatggaagctctggaggagcgcaagggacacgacccggacattgacagagaccgtgccgacctgaaccattacgaaggcttcagaacggccgccgagctgatggaatacagcaaggcgcacgtggagcagctgcgcgacgccaaaggccgcaagctgcgctctgatgcagtcgtaatgtgtggcaccatcttgaagcctccggctgcaatgatggctcagctggcgccggcagaccagcgccggtttttgaatgacgcaaacgaggcttttgccgagattgtcggcagagagaacataaagagccgcgccgatcacttcgatgagcagggcagccactcgcacgttttctgggagccaatgaccgcagatggccggctttgtgccaaagaggttcacaacctgcagttcttcggcagggtgaaccgagagcttcctcagaagctccgggacaaaggctgggatatcgaggactgcgagtgctatgatgcagccaaggaacaatacgagaaggcaatgaagcagtcaggcagaagctctatgagttataagctcgaagccgagatgaagaagcaagagcttctgaaggacatagaacacattgaggacgtcataaacgagcattctgggcccgttgagaacattcgaagggtagaaggtatccaagaacgtgcaaaggcctctaagagccttctggggcgttctgagaccgtaaaactcgatagagcagactttgataagctcgttgcttctgcgaaggctggagcctctgcagattcggagcgccggatcctgcagggcgactacgaccgtttgcagtatcgatacgagcagcttcagcagagctacaaccggaaggaagagctcatccgggagcagaaggcgaactatgagaagcttcgggagcagaaggaagcatccttctttgaaagcataccgcttatcggtaagctctttacgttgcttcgtgaggtgcgtcagtcctggcgtgatgaattcctgaaggagactatcaaagaggtcgagaagcagatccaacgtgagaaggacaacatcaaaacgttgtctcgaagccgaagcagataa
>gene_56790|Mobilization protein
gtggaggtgaacgagatgggctacaagataggcgcaccgagtttaaaattaaataacgcaggaacggtatcgaagcattgcggggacttcggaagcgtggccatggaagctctggaggagcgcaagggacacgacccggacattgacagagaccgtgccgacctgaaccattacgaaggcttcagaacggccgccgagctgatggaatacagcaaggcgcacgtggagcagctgcgcgacgccaaaggccgcaagctgcgctctgatgcagtcgtaatgtgtggcaccatcttgaagcctccggctgcaatgatggctcagctggcgccggcagaccagcgccggtttttgaatgacgcaaacgaggcttttgccgagattgtcggcagagagaacataaagagccgcgccgatcacttcgatgagcagggcagccactcgcacgttttctgggagccaatgaccgcagatggccggctttgtgccaaagaggttcacaacctgcagttcttcggcagggtgaaccgagagcttcctcagaagctccgggacaaaggctgggatatcgaggactgcgagtgctatgatgcagccaaggaacaatacgagaaggcaatgaagcagtcaggcagaagctctatgagttataagctcgaagccgagatgaagaagcaagagcttctgaaggacatagaacacattgaggacgtcataaacgagcattctgggcccgttgagaacattcgaagggtagaaggtatccaagaacgtgcaaaggcctctaagagccttctggggcgttctgagaccgtaaaactcgatagagcagactttgataagctcgttgcttctgcgaaggctggagcctctgcagattcggagcgccggatcctgcagggcgactacgaccgtttgcagtatcgatacgagcagcttcagcagagctacaaccggaaggaagagctcatccgggagcagaaggcgaactatgagaagcttcgggagcagaaggaagcatccttctttgaaagcataccgcttatcggtaagctctttacgttgcttcgtgaggtgcgtcagtcctggcgtgatgaattcctgaaggagactatcaaagaggtcgagaagcagatccaacgtgagaaggacaacatcaaaacgttgtctcgaagccgaagcagataa
>gene_33286|Rep protein
gtgtatttgagtgtatataagaaaaaagctgttatatctggaaaacaaatagagctatatgaatatgaaactgaagttatttatggttataaggataagaaaagagggataattcgtggtagaagttcagaagcttctgaggaagataagaaacttaatagagaaaaagtatttaatagagctagaagagatttgaggagaataattaactgtaattatactgataaaagtaaattcttaactttaacctttaaagatgctgat
>gene_53523|Putative replication protein
atgaacttggacaagtcgcggacaagtcgcggattttgtccgaaaagtagcgaaaaacaccgtaaaatcaacaaaaagggggcacttatgattttaattgaatttgcaaagagccggaatgaaaagccggacaccataagaaaatacatcagcagacacccggaacagtttaccgggcacacttccaagagtggcaataaaatggagttggattctgtcgccctggaacttttggaagaagtctatcctttaccgcgtccggtg
>gene_17183|Mob protein
atgccgcagggcaaaggcagtcagctccataatagacgagattatgacaagataggcaaaccaacgccggagaacattgatatctccaagtccccggagaacgtcacgttggtcgacaaagatataaggcaagcctatggcgagatattcggcgcagctctggcggagtacaacgacaaacagaagcgagccgaccgtaagatagagagctactacgaccatattcagaagtccaagaacggcgagaagctgttctatgaggacgtggtgcagtggggcaaagccgaggactttcaaagcccggagacgagggagagagcgaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgcagaggggttcgaagctcgaaaccccaacctgaagctcatcggcgcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagtccgcacttgcaccttgactatatcccggtggcagccggatacagtcgagggcttgcgataaggaactccctggataaagctatgaagcagatgggctaccgtccggagaacgagagccggaagaacaacgcaacgaagctctggaaggagaacgagcgcgccgtgttcggcgagatctgcaggagctacggcctcgaggtcgagccggagcgcaaagccagaggaagcttgtcggtcgaggagtacaaagaagctcgtgacgaaatgctcggagagatagcccaggagaccgtagaagcccgtcaggagctttctaaggtcgagggcaagataaagaccgcccaggacgaattaaacgcttacagcgagcctgtgacggatttaagagagatggacgagattgccgagcgttccggcaaggtgttcggcaaggtcaccaggaataagaccgacgataaggtgatggtcgacgctgccaagcacggcgttgttgtcgatatgcaggtcagaaggctcgaggacagccttaaccatgagcgagaccgcaacgaccgtctgtgcggtcagatagaccgtctcgagcaacgtaaccacgagctgcgccaggagaacgccgagctcaaaggctttaaggcgcacgtcgagcaattctttgaacgattcaacctcgttaagcagttcagagaatggcgagccgaacggcagcgccaggaagagctggaacgtcagcaaaagcaggcaaagaccttgagcagaggtcgttcacgataa
>gene_30168|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atgggtaaagagaaaacccacgaaatgctgttctggacaaaaggagaatatctgaagtttgccgaggcagtcatggacaagccgatttccttctatgcgttcgaggtcctgtactggtgtggtctgcgcttgggcgaactgctggctctgacccccgctgatttcgaccttgaaaaaaaggtgctgcgcatcaccaaatcctatcagcgtatcggcagcgaggatatcattacagatcccaaaactcccaagagtatccgcaat
>gene_16756|Plasmid replication-like protein
gttgttgatagaatgatacaagttatatatattagtggcgaaagtcaaagcggtaaaacaacatatgcaaagcaattatgccaagaaaaaggttatagtgtatatatctctcctggtggcaaaaatttatttgacgattatggcggacaggacgcggttatattggacgatttgagagccgagaacatgtcagtatcagatattttaaaattacttgataataatacggcttcacaagtggccgcccgtttttataataaaaatataaatgaatgtaaacttattgtcattacctccactttaacgatagatgaattttttaaaaacttacaaagcaattataaagaagatatagtgcaattaaaaagacgttgcaaaatcaatattcatatgactaaagatgtaatgtcaatgcgtacatggttagaaaaatctcgtagatatggtaaatggaatgattaccctaaccccgttgcatttgttatgcgtcaagaagatatgacagaagaagaacaaatggactttttggaagattttatgacggctgatttaaaagcacttaaacaaacaaaagaagaaattaaaaacggcgaacatccatataacaaatatgattaa
>gene_27992|plasmid replication initiator protein
gttatatatattagtggcgaaagtcaaagcggtaaaacaacatatgcaaagcaattatgccaagaaaaaggttatagtgtatatatctctcctggtggcaaaaatttatttgacgattatggcggacaggacgcggttatattggacgatttgagagccgagaacatgtcagtatcagatattttaaaattacttgataataatacggcttcacaagtggccgcccgtttttataataaaaatataaatgaatgtaaacttattgtcattacctccactttaacgatagatgaattttttaaaaacttacaaagcaattataaagaagatatagtgcaattaaaaagacgttgcaaaatcaatattcatatgactaaagatgtaatgtcaatgcgtacatggttagaaaaatctcgtagatatggtaaatggaatgattaccctaaccccgttgcatttgttatgcgtcaagaagatatgacagaagaagaacaaatggactttttggaagattttatgacggctgatttaaaagcacttaaacaaacaaaagaagaaattaaaaacggcgaacatccatataacaaatatgattaa
>gene_13465|Plasmid replication protein
atgttattattaaaaaataagggggttgatataatgcctaagatgttagaagttgtaagtacaacagattatttgacggaacaaaaaattaaagaagttgtagaaggtcatacatgtattactcattatatatatgttttacatgataaagactttttagaagatggaagtcctaaaaaaccacattggcatgtgtatttaaaatttaccgacaatagacaatttgaagatgtagccaaatggtttggactttcggcaaattttctcggttatataaaggggcgttgggttgatgctttaaaatatgccattcataaaaatgcacctgaaaaacatcaatataataaagatgaatgtcatgccaattttgattttgaagccgatattgtaaaagatgatagtaaaaaatctaaacaagcacgtaaagaagaaattattaatttagtaatggacggcactatcagaccatttaacattcatgaatatataagtgccgttgaatatgatactcataaaagaagtatagaaaatgcatttaaatatagaaatgaaatgttgaaaggggttgttgatagaatgatacaagttatatatattagtggcgaaagtcaaagcggtaaaacaacatatgcaaagcaattatgccaagaaaaaggttatagtgtatatatctctcctggtggcaaaaatttatttgacgattatggcggacaggacgcggttatattggacgatttgagagccgagaacatgtcagtatcagatattttaaaattacttgataataatacggcttcacaagtggccgcccgtttttataataaaaatataaatgaatgtaaacttattgtcattacctccactttaacgatagatgaattttttaaaaacttacaaagcaattataaagaagatatagtgcaattaaaaagacgttgcaaaatcaatattcatatgactaaagatgtaatgtcaatgcgtacatggttagaaaaatctcgtagatatggtaaatggaatgattaccctaaccccgttgcatttgttatgcgtcaagaagatatgacagaagaagaacaaatggactttttggaagattttatgacggctgatttaaaagcacttaaacaaacaaaagaagaaattaaaaacggcgaacatccatataacaaatatgattaa
>gene_55172|Plasmid replication protein
atgttattattaaaaaataagggggttgatataatgcctaagatgttagaagttgtaagtacaacagattatttgacggaacaaaaaattaaagaagttgtagaaggtcatacatgtattactcattatatatatgttttacatgataaagactttttagaagatggaagtcctaaaaaaccacattggcatgtgtatttaaaatttaccgacaatagacaatttgaagatgtagccaaatggtttggactttcggcaaattttctcggttatataaaggggcgttgggttgatgctttaaaatatgccattcataaaaatgcacctgaaaaacatcaatataataaagatgaatgtcatgccaattttgattttgaagccgatattgtaaaagatgatagtaaaaaatctaaacaagcacgtaaagaagaaattattaatttagtaatggacggcactatcagaccatttaacattcatgaatatataagtgccgttgaatatgatactcataaaagaagtatagaaaatgcatttaaatatagaaatgaaatgttgaaaggggttgttgatagaatgatacaagttatatatattagtggcgaaagtcaaagcggtaaaacaacatatgcaaagcaattatgccaagaaaaaggttatagtgtatatatctctcctggtggcaaaaatttatttgacgattatggcggacaggacgcggttatattggacgatttgagagccgagaacatgtcagtatcagatattttaaaattacttgataataatacggcttcacaagtggccgcccgtttttataataaaaatataaatgaatgtaaacttattgtcattacctccactttaacgatagatgaattttttaaaaacttacaaagcaattataaagaagatatagtgcaattaaaaagacgttgcaaaatcaatattcatatgactaaagatgtaatgtcaatgcgtacatggttagaaaaatctcgtagatatggtaaatggaatgattaccctaaccccgttgcatttgttatgcgtcaagaagatatgacagaagaagaacaaatggactttttggaagattttatgacggctgatttaaaagcacttaaa
>gene_28891|plasmid recombination enzyme type 3
atgaaattcgataagggcggtatgacaagaataaaggctcatgtagaaagagaccgcaatacattaacagagagcaacatagactgggaacgcacaaagtacaatgtatcactaatacctgcaatgactaatgagcagatgcagacctataagaatatggcaaagagaaaagatgcggttgtgctactggatactattcttacgttaccggaagagttaaggtgttccagtatggcaaagcagacagctttctttcgtgatgctcttgaagcgatgaaggaacatattggtggtgtgcctgcctttgcagagatacactacgatgagaccacaccgcatctgcactacggttctataccgataacgcaagacggtcggttatgtgcaaaagaggtatgcaaccggaagatgctaaaaggtctgcatcctaccgtggaaaaggcggtaagggcaaaaggttgggatgttcatttacacgataatgacgagaagttaaagcagatggcggaagaccttggcttagtgtcagagaagaccggagaacttatgacaccggatgaaatcagagagactaagaaactgttaggtgttaatcaagacagtatgcatcagtaccgtaaaaaggaataccataatcagcttttgcaggagacatccgaaaccatagacaagaacctgcaggtggctaagaaagacctgcaacgctctacccgtccttgtaagcgtcagaagggcgaaacaagggcagaattgaaagagcgtaggtctgaatgggtagaggtcagaaaagaggattatgaccgtttaatggcttttcagatgcagtttaacactatacctgataagaaaagagcagagaaggctaaggaagaagctgaacgcaaagaagcagaaatggcagcagagcgtgaacagcagagacagaggatacaacagcataatcaagatatgcagtacaagcgtcagaatatggataaccttatagagcagagagcagagcagaaagcaaatcagaaggtcagagatgcctttgaaggctctacaaccgattataccagacgattagaagaatactgtgcatctgttaagtatcaagacggacatagcgttcttgacggttttaaggctttagagaaggaattacagagacaagtacatctgaatagaggttggagtagatag
>gene_30985|plasmid recombination enzyme type 3
atgaaattcgataagggcggtatgacaagaataaaggctcatgtagaaagagaccgcaatacattaacagagagcaacatagactgggaacgcacaaagtacaatgtatcactaatacctgcaatgactaatgagcagatgcagacctataagaatatggcaaagagaaaagatgcggttgtgctactggatactattcttacgttaccggaagagttaaggtgttccagtatggcaaagcagacagctttctttcgtgatgctcttgaagcgatgaaggaacatattggtggtgtgcctgcctttgcagagatacactacgatgagaccacaccgcatctgcactacggttctataccgataacgcaagacggtcggttatgtgcaaaagaggtatgcaaccggaagatgctaaaaggtctgcatcctaccgtggaaaaggcggtaagggcaaaaggttgggatgttcatttacacgataatgacgagaagttaaagcagatggcggaagaccttggcttagtgtcagagaagaccggagaacttatgacaccggatgaaatcagagagactaagaaactgttaggtgttaatcaagacagtatgcatcagtaccgtaaaaaggaataccataatcagcttttgcaggagacatccgaaaccatagacaagaacctgcaggtggctaagaaagacctgcaacgctctacccgtccttgtaagcgtcagaagggcgaaacaagggcagaattgaaagagcgtaggtctgaatgggtagaggtcagaaaagaggattatgaccgtttaatggcttttcagatgcagtttaacactatacctgataagaaaagagcagagaaggctaaggaagaagctgaacgcaaagaagcagaaatggcagcagagcgtgaacagcagagacagaggatacaacagcataatcaagatatgcagtacaagcgtcagaatatggataaccttatagagcagagagcagagcagaaagcaaatcagaaggtcagagatgcctttgaaggctctacaaccgattataccagacgattagaagaatactgtgcatctgttaagtatcaagacggacatagcgtccttgacggttttaaggctttagagaaggaattacagagacaagtacatctgaatagaggttggagtagatag
>gene_41816|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaacaatatcaactcacaatggaacatctgtagcaagagaacacaatataagaaatgaaaaagtagttagcaaagaagctcatattcaacctaatggacattatgagatatggaaagatgagaagccaagagaagcttatcaacatctttttggagaagctgtagcaaattacaatgcaaagcaaaaaagagatgatagaaagatagatgactactacacaaagatagccaatgataaaacaaagcaccctgtatatgaaatgataataggtgtttatgatgaaggtgtagatgataagaccaagagagaaatactcaaagagtttgttgatacctggcaagaaagaaatcctaacttgtatatgtgtggagcatactttcacgcagatgaagaaggagatattcattgccacattgactatatacctgttgctcataactacaccaaaggaatggaaacacaaacaggacttgtaaaagcatttgaagaaatgggaattgtaaagcaaggtaaagctactgcacaaattcaatgggagcatagagaaaatgcttaccttgaaaagctttgtaacgatagaggtatcattgtagaacatccaaaggaagaaggaagagttcatcttgatacagaaacttacaaagcagagcagaagcttaaaaccttaaacaatgagataggagagcttgaaactatcaaagaaatgaatgatagcattgttgtaagccttgataagcagatagaagaaaaagagcattatagagatgatttagaggctcatataggctctttacaagtaaaggcaagtcaaacatcaaccatattaaaagaagctcaagaagagcttaaaacaaagcaatctatcatagaaactatgaatgatgcacttgctaatctttttacaaggtttaacaatgcttacaagcaaatgcagaagatattcaatcattgggtaaatgaagaccagaagatatacaaagagcttgtagcaaaagcagacaagcctatacaacaaggtaataaggctatggaaagtttattacgcaattcaaacatcatctttggaaaagctacaagagaagctcttgcacaagtaaaagaagaaagtagcaaactcaaagaagctacagaagagcttgaagatttagaagaagagtatgatgactatgagagatag
>gene_22142|Mobilisation protein MobA
ttgaataccaacttagatgcaattcacagatttgaggatttgaaaaacatgaaatgttcgattcacgtaggtcacggtggagcaaagcacaatgaccgcaattttgacttatcgaaaactgagcatattgattttgacaggtctggggataacctatattggacttatcagagtaaaacctttagccatgatatgtgctcatttgaggacgtagagcgcgctttttatcaagagaggtatggagcatggcttgatgagtgtaacgcgcgctacaaggctcagagacaccctgagcgcatacggacgatggagcaggtctatcaaggcaggacaacaaaaccgcatgaaatgatacttcaaataggcaacatggatgagcatgcgactcctgaacagctaaaggacacagtagagcgcttcttaagctctatggagaataagtaccatgagcgtgtgcatgtgcttgacgtggctattcatctggacgaagcgacaccgcacgcacacctacgctatgtggtcgatgtagagcgtgaggatggtctttcacagcctgcgcttaacaaggggcttaaatcactcggatttgaccgtcctgacctctctaagggggaaagtcagtataacaatgcccaaatgacctttacagccaaaataagggcagattttgagcgtttcgcaggtcgctgtatcgggcaggagataaacactgtcagacagccgacacctcaaaagtcgctgacccttgaaaagatggctcatatcaagaacgtggcagaccgagaagccatagaagctgcacagcagagacagtatgagcggacgatggagcaggacgcgagagctagagaccttggacgcaggaagcacaaccttgacaagcaggagcaggagatagaggaactcatcaagcaagctgaacaacagaagcgcatagctgatgagcgcatggataagctgatgaccttcaagcgtggcatggacggtatacgtcagtatgcagagatgcttgatgaacttgggggcatgacatcgattgagcacatacaaaaaaactttggtatttcgaccgcagacgcgtccaaaatctatcggctgatagaaagtctgcctaaacctcaaaaaatcgattctagggcaaaaaactacacacatgataagggttatgagagagaactctga
>gene_2085|addiction module protein
atgaagaagttatggcaagatgaagcctgggaagaatacctttattggcagacccaggataagaaaactctgaaaaagataaacaggctcttaactgatattgatagaaatggataccaatgcacaggcaagccggagcctttaagcggaaatcttgcaggatattggagtgttcgtattgatgaaaaaaatagaattgtgtttcggatagagggcgataatttggaaattttacaatgcggaacacattacaaagaaaaataa
>gene_35668|Addiction module protein
atgagaaaactatggcaggatgaagcgtgggaagaatatctctactggcagacgcaggataagaaaaccttaaagaaaatcaacaggcttttgaccgacattgaccggaacggatatgaatgcacaggaaagccagaaccgctcagcggaaaccttgccggatattggagcgttcggattgatgagaaaaacagaattgtgttccggatagacggagatagcatggaaatcatacagtgcggaacgcattacagggataaatag
>gene_2086|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atgaatatggcacaaattagtttgcgtgtagatgatgaagtgaaacgtagtgcagaaagaaccttggatgatattggtttaagtatgtcaacagctatcaatatttttttgaaaacggttgtaagagaaaatcgtattccatttgagttgtctgccgaccctttttatagcaaagagaatatggaagaactggagcggagagctgcagatgttcgttccgggaaaagtgttttgaaagagcatgagctgatagaggtggactga
>gene_35136|Prevent-host-death family protein
aagtattttgatttggcagagagcgaaaccgtctttgtcgctcgcaagaacgcacgtcccattgtcattagcgttgcagatgatgatgattacctttcaaaggcagaacttctgtctatccaaaaaggattggaggacatcaagaacggcaggacttacaagatgcaggagggtgagagcctgacggatttcttaaaacgcacagaagcatgtatgagatag
>gene_18448|Prevent-host-death family protein
aatcagaagaagtattttgatttggcagagagcgaaaccgtctttgtcgctcgcaagaacgcacgtcccattgtcattagcgttgcagatgatgatgattacctttcaaaggcagaacttctgtctatccaaaaaggattggaggatatcaagaacggcaggacttacaagatgcaggagggtgagagcctgacggatttcttaaaacgcacagaagcatgtatgagatag
>gene_54484|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgagaaaactatggctggatgaagcgtgggaagaatacctctactggcagacgcaggataagaaaaccctaaagaaaatcaacaggcttttgaccgatatcgaccggaacggatataaatgcataggaaagccagaaccgctcagcggaaaccttgcaggatattggagcgtccacattgatgagaaaaacaggattgtgtttaagatagacggagacagcatggaaatcatacagtgtggaacgcattacagggataaatag
>gene_18974|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family protein
atgagaaaactatggctggatgaagcgtgggaagaatacctctactggcagacgcaggataagaaaaccctaaagaaaatcaacaggcttttgaccgatatcgaccggaacggatataaatgcataggaaagccagaaccgctcagcggaaaccttgcaggatattggagcgtccacattgatgagaaaaacaggattgtg
>gene_37728|addiction module protein
atgaagaagatgtggcatgacgaagcatgggaagaatatctttattggcagacgcaagataaaaaaacgcttaaaagaatcaataaattgctgactgacattgacaggaacggctataattgcatcggcaagccagagcctttaagagaaaatctctctgggtattggagtgtacgcattgatgagcaaaatcgaattgtatttaaaataactggcgaacaattagaaattttgcaatgtggttctcattacagagacaagtga
>gene_37644|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgaaaaaaatgtggcacgatgaagcatgggaagaatatatttactggcaaacacaagacaagaaaactcttaaaagaatcaataaactgctaaacgacatcgacagaaatggatataactgcataggaaaacctgaacctctaaaagaaaatctttctggatattggagtgtaagaatcgacgaacaaaatcgaattgtatttaaaataattggcgaacaattagagattttacaatgcggttctcattacagaaataaataa
>gene_33945|addiction module protein
aaattgctgactgacattgacaggaatggctataactgcatcggcaagccggagcctttaaaagaaaatctctctggatattggagtgtacgcattgatgagcaaaatcgaattgtatttaaaataactggcgaacaattagagattttgcaatgtggttctcattacagggacaaatga
>gene_57040|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtactccatcgtctacacaaagaaagctgcagccgacattgtcaatctgaaagcggcaaagctggacaccaaagcaaaggcacttatagaaatactgcgggaagatccgtaccggacaccgccgccctgtgaaaaactgcagggagatcttcagggagctttctcccgccgaatcaacatcaagcaccggcttgtttatcaagtgtacgaggaagaaaagaccgtaaaaattatcagtatgtggactcattacgaattctaa
>gene_3859|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgtactccatcgtctacacaaaaaaagctgcagccgacattgccaatctgaaagcggcgaagctggacaccaaagtaaaggcacttatagaaatattgcgggaagatccataccggacaccgccgccctgtgaaaaactgcagggagatcttcatggatctttctcccgccgcatcaacatcacacaccagcttgtgtaccaagtatacgaggaagaaaagatcgtaaaaattatcagcatgtggactcattacgagttctaa
>gene_29609|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgtactccatcgtctacacaaagaaagctgcagccgacattgtcaatctgaaagcggcaaagctggacaccaaagcaaaggcacttatagaaatactgcgggaagatccgtaccggacaccgccgccctgtgaaaaactgcagggagatcttcagggagctttctcccgccgaatcaacatcaagcaccggcttgtttatcaagtgtacgaggaagaaaagaccgtaaaaattatcagtatgtggactcattacgaattctaa
>gene_33381|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgagtaaaatatctttttcagaacatgcttggcaggattatttgtactggcaaggacaggataaaaaagttcttaaacggataaatcttcttttgcaagatatagaacgaaatagatacgtcggtattggcaagccagaggccctcagaggcgatttaagcggtttttggagtagacgtattgatgaagtcaatcggcttgtatatcgcgtttctggtgagtttatagaggtcatacaatgcaagggtcactatgatgattaa
>gene_8179|Addiction module toxin Txe/YoeB family
atgaaaaagaactggcacgatgaggcctgggaagattacctctattggcagacccaggacaagaaaacgctcaagaagatcaacaatctgctgaaggatatagatcgaaacgggtatcaatgtacgggaaagccagaacaattgtcgggaaatcttgccgggtattggagtgttaggatagacggtaaaaaccgaattgtctttagaatcgatggagaaacaatagaaatagtcgaatgcggttcacattacggagatcactaa
>gene_53833|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
gtagcaacgttgctccaagagaaacgcaaacatgctgtcagcgaatggatttttccgcactatgcaaatccgtctgaacccttacaccctgatacagcatatagaaaactcaaagccctcctcagtaaagcgaatcttccgtccatacgcttccacgacctgcgccataccttcgcaacgcacgccatgcaaggcggagtcgatgctaaaaccttgtctagtattctctcaaacctgtggtatgttgtggttgccaaaaaataa
>gene_49313|Putative Replication protein
ctagtatggtcgaaaggtcttaaggatttgttaggtattgagcaaatgaccgatgaagaattgattgaggaaaccgaaaaaaccagtatcgagattagagaattaggtgatttgatttggcaattagtccttaagtatgaaaaacgcgctcacgtgttggagcttgtcgagcgagattataaaaatggtactaacttgttagatgacttcattatggggttagcccatattcatgcaggtgagatgatacgtaatagctcctga
>gene_29876|addiction module protein
atgaataatataatgttttctgataaggcttgggaagaatattgttattggcaaacccaagacaaaaaaacattaaaaagaataaatcaattacttttagatataaaaagaaacggatttacaggtataggaaaaccagaaccattaaaagataatttaagtggattttggagtagaagaatagatgacactaatagattagtttataaaattactaatgattatatagaaatagtacaatgtaaaggtcattatgataattaa
>gene_32940|toxin of toxin-antitoxin system
atgtacaggattgtgtacacgaaaacagcaacaaaggacattccaaagctaaaatctgctcatctggacgacaaagcaaaagctctgattgagattgtgcgtgtcaatccgtatcaaacaccaccaccttatgaaaagttggttggtgatttgaatggtgcttacagccgtagaatcaacgtgcagcaccgtcttgtgtatgaagtctatgaatcagaaaaaacaatcaaaatcatcagcttgtggacgcattacgaacgatga
>gene_48362|RepA
cgcggtaagcggctgctgtccagcgcgggctgtttccgtggtgtgcaggagccgaccgagctgctggatgaggcgcttgagcttcccttcgtgaccctgttttaccgctatctgcacggcggcggtggctacacgctccagaggggggatgggggcagcgcccccatgtcagctctcgccgcgcaacgtgccgccggaaaaggcccacagaggcccctagcgcgcccgtggcgggcttccagcgggccggcctaccctccctga
>gene_31027|Putative mobilization protein
atgagaacgacaacaaccgtacattggaacaagggcgatattgcgaaagagcacaatgagagaaacgaagacctttgtaaacatgagaagcatatagacctgtacaataaattgggtgactcaacacatgaagttttattcgagcaggatttgacagaagcatatgccgaagtttttggagaagctattgaggagtttaatgcttcgcaaaaacgaaaggatagaatgaaaactgttgagtcttatatggacgaagttgagaatgataccagaggaaaacgacaaacaaaaaaagtaaatggaaaacgtgtgattgatgaagaggctcgaagaggaaaacagctcgcgtatgaaattactgttaaagttggaaataccgagcgtttgagagatgagcagggcaatgttttgtatgatgtaaataatcatcatgtgagagccgaatatttaccacgcgatttacaacgtgaaatattgagagagtattgtaatacttttcaagaagccaaccctaattttaagcttgtacgcatggacttacacgcagacgaagtatttgaaaataaacgtggtgagctggaatacgatgtaattcacccacatattgtgtttttccctgttgcacatggttttaaacgtggactgtctacacaaagctccatgaatagagcacttgaagaaatgggctgtggtggtccagaaggctatgacttatgggctaagaaagaacaggaacgtcttgaacagattacacatgagaagtacaaagaatattgtcttacccatgatgaattttacaaggaaaatggagaccttgagttatatcgtcctgtacaagaacgtacaaaagagggtggcaaagaaaaggaagtctacgcagctgaacaggaagcactcgaagagattgctaaaagagaagctgaggctaagcagatttgtaatgatgaaatcaatcgtgtattggctcaaaaacaggaattagaagaaaagagagagtggtgcgaggaatattatggtaaagtcgctgatgacctcgaaaaaggcttagatgagtatcatgcaggtaaacaagcattagagaatgaaaaagcccaatttgaggcgtataagacctctaaaacacgtgaattggatgcacgtgagaaagaaattaatcgttatgctttatcacttgatgat
>gene_21137|Addiction module antitoxin RelB/DinJ family
atggctcaggctgttaatgttaatttcaaacttgattcagatgtcaaaagaagcatggaacaggcttgttcagacatgggtttatccatgagtgcagcatttacgatctttgcaaagaaagttggccgcgaaagacgcataccttttgaagtttcggctgatcctttttattcagaaagcaatatacgatatcttgaaggtattgccagagatatccgagaaggcaaggctcatttcgcagaacatgatcttattgaggactaa
>gene_9343|RepA
atggaagatggggaaataaaatgccccggttcgtttggtggacgtccgcggggcctgctctgggttgctaatacagtatcacgtgattccgatgatgtcaaggggcaaatagaaaaatatttgtctttgcttcatactcggcacgaattacaggcgcatcttcagcgggtctattttgcccgcttcttcgattctccggattatcggggcaatttttggggttgctcccggttctctgttgaccctgttctgtcgctttggcagaaaaaacagtttttcggggcgcattataccgggctggttcattgcgggaatgctatttgctgtccggtctgcgcctcgaatattgccacggcgaggggtaacgagatgaaaatagcggttcctgcttggcttggggaaagttccgacaatacttgctttatggtcactctaactttcgcgcatcagttgtcagactgcctttctgacctcctgcagcagttcaaaactgctcgtgtttctttttgggaaaatgggagcataaagcggtatttgaagcgtgccggggtggtcggtcggatcacgagcaccgagatccagttctcggatgcttttggctggcatccgcaccagcatgttttgtgtttcgctcggcggtcgttcgatgtttcggcgagcgtgttgcaaaagcattatttgtctgctttgcatgatgccgggctttccggtctgcggggtatcgcgctggacgtgacggagtgccgggatgtcgggtcttatctctgcaagtccggcatcagtcgagaaatgactgccgggcatctgaagcagggcaggggggccgggcattattccccgatgcaacttgctttcgagtctgcccagggtgcgccctgggcgactgaccgcttttttgagttgcttcttgctgtgcgtggtatgcattccctgtactggtcgcggggtctgaaggctcgtttcggtattgttgaccgtacagacgagcaagttgcagtcgattccggggatgtctcctctgaaagacttctcgacctttacgcccctgactggcacaaactctcccagttcgagcggataaccctgcagacggtcgccgctactggaaaaatcaaggcattggaaaagctttgtgacggatatggtgtcggtcactggcgcgaacacaaaaaggaaaggtag
>gene_6661|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
atgaacgaagcaatccagcaaggaaacagaaacgaaacacccgaggaaattaaagcacgccttgaagcagaacgaaaggctgaggaagaagaagccaaacgagcgaaaaactccccattccgcaacttcattcaggtcaatgacgataattatgccgctgaagattggcttatgaaaacgtcaccagccgggtaccggatattacgattcatagtcaccaacatggataattacaacgctcttatatgctcatatagagtc
>gene_8458|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgaagctgctgtgggaggatcgggcgtggagtgattatctgtattggcagacacaggacaaaaagacgctgaaacggattaacgcgctgataaaggatattctgagaagcccctaccaggggatcggcaagccggagccgctgcgggggaacctgagcggctggtggagccgccgcattgacgaaaccaatcgtattgtttactatgagcagggagatgttatttatattatctcctgcctgggccactatgatgattga
>gene_50972|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgaagctgctgtgggaggatcgggcgtggagtgactatctgtattggcagacacaggacaaaaagacgctgaaacggattaacgcgctgataaaggatattctgagaagcccctaccaggggatcggcaagccggagccgctgcgggggaacctgagcggctggtggagccgccgcattgacgaaaccaatcgtattgtttactatgagcagggagatgttatttatattatctcctgcctgggccactatgatgattga
>gene_35122|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcgattggacgattgagcgtgaaggttggcaaggcggggaaagcttccccgcatgccgcctatatcgctcgcctcggccaatacgaaaaacggcttgagcagggggaaaagttggaggcgtccgaattcggcaatatgccgaagtgggccgcgaccaacccgttgcacctttgggaagccgccgacgcctacgagcgcaagaacggaaccacctaccgcgagtttgaaatcgctttgccccgtgagatgaatccggcgcaacggcttgagctggtccgcgattttgtggggcaggaaattggcgaccgtcacgccttccagtttgcgatccacacaccgaccgccgcagacggtggcgagcagccacacgcccacgtcatgttttgcgagcgagagcttgatgggatcgagcgcgacccggagcagtttttcaaacggtacaacagcaagaaccccgagcgcggcggcgccaaaaaggccaatacggggaaagccccggcgacccggcgcaccgagttgaaagagttgcgcggtcgttgggaaagcatgtgcaacgaacacctggtgcgcggcggcatcgatgcgcgcatcgacatgcgcagccatgccgagcgcggcacagggctcgcccccgaggttaagcagttgccgagccaatggcgcgacgagcagcagcgggctgaggtgatcgactttcggacggcgcggatcgagcagcagcagactgccgccaacctcgctcgagaaatccccgacgcaggcgcggagattgtcagtctgtcggctgaacgcgagcagcgggccaaaccagcgcgtcaggttgaagccatgcccgcggctgatttggtcaaggcgtgggatggtcgcaaggccgaattgtataggggctaccagcagcgggcagagcgtctagagtcccgcgtcgatcagcagatacaggccatcagcaccaaacgacggaacgacgaagccaaccatgcgaagaagcgtccagtagagccaaccgggctgttggccgcgttcaagcgcagcagctacgagaagctcatgtctgaatggcgcgctaccgccaaactcatcaaggcgtggaaagtggagcgggagaacgacctgcgtaagcggcttgagcgtgtgcggcgctacctgacaccgggcggcggtttttccgtgcgt
>gene_37208|addiction module protein
atgcggttatcatgggaagatgaggcttgggaagactatctctactggcaggggcaggacaaaaagaccttaaagcgtatcaatctgctgataaaggatattcagagaagcccttatgagggcataggaaagccggagccgttaaagagaaatttgagtggtatgtggagcaggcgtattgatgaagcaaacaggatagtttactacgagaaatatggtggcattatcatagttgcttgccgggggcattatgacgattag
>gene_9283|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgaaaaaagtatggtttgatgaagcgtgggaagattatctctattggcagatgcaggacaaaaagacacttaagcgtatcaatgttttgctgaaagatattgagagaaacaattttgatggcataggcaagccagaaccgttaaaaggcgagctgagcggattttggagcaggcgtattgatgatgcgaatagatttgtatatcgcatcaatggtggcgtcttggaaatattgtcttgcaaaggtcattatgacgattaa
>gene_42912|Replication initiator protein
atgtcttcgcctaaatcttttcgcacagttgaaataatgcaatattgttcctttggttttactcctgaatatgtttctcgggttctttgcccttgggctcctgttaaagattttgcctatattgttcatgaccaagatttaaaatctgatggttcaattcaggattcacatatccattttatggttcgcttcaagcatgctgtttctactgttgatattcttaagcgtcttgatggtgtttgtgaagttcagcatcttcaaaaaatgcaaaagtggagttctgctttatcttatttatgccatgataatgctccagataagcatcactatagtcatgatttagttgttagtaattttgattgggaatccgaagcttctaagcctgctgttaatcgtcttcaagaaattatttctttgattgactctggtgatataacaacttttaatatttatgataagctgtctttgatggaatatactaagtataagtctaaaattgatgctgctttacgttttgttgaagttcgtgaaagtgatggtaatagggaaatggaatgtatttatatttatggtgaagctggtgctggtaaaactgtttatgctaaagaaatagctcgtagtcgtttcggatctcgtggtttttatgtttctgcttctggtaaggaccctcttagtgattatataaatcagccttgtattattcttgatgatttgcgccctgagaattttgatgactcttctgaaattcttaagcttttagataataatactgatgcccctgtcaaatctcgttattacaataagctcatatctaattgcaaattgattattattacttcaatttatgaaccagtcactttttttaagcgtttgactttgtctgaggatttatggcagattaagcgtcgtattggtctttatattgttatgtctaaggatgtaattaagcttcattatgcttctaagcaggtgcatgattttgttcactataaagatattcctaatgcgtattatgctcgttattctcgtgattttagttctgaagctgaactttttaattatgtcaccagtgttcttggggcctgcgctgaagcttttaaatttgctcctactattgcgcatgatatgtcttctaattctgatgacgatattattcttgatgatactgatgatttttaa
>gene_32649|Addiction module toxin, Txe/YoeB family
atgaataaagtatggtctgatagagcttgggaagactatctttattggcaactacaagataaaaagacagtaaagaaaataaatgaacttgtgaaagatattgaaagaaacggtctaaataatggtattggtaaacctgagccactaaaacatagaaaggcttggagtagaagaatagaccacgaaaataggcttgtttataatttgagtagtaatggcgacctttggataatcgcttgcaaaggacattatgaagattag
>gene_15514|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
ctcgcaccggagcgtgagaatcagtatttgtttgttaagaatcgttgtgaagagcttcactgcctcaacagaaaagacgtcaacgtgctttcttcatggatagtcacagctcccaaaagtttagcttcggaggaacatgacattttcttcaaggaaagttacaactttttgacaaaaaagtacggtgaggaaaactgtatatctgcatacgtgcataaggacgaatccggagaagatcatcttcactatgcgtttgttccggtggtgtttgataagtccaaagaacgttacaaagtcagcgcaaaggagtgcgtgaatcgttctgcgctgcagcgtttccatggagagcttcagaagcaccttgaaaacgccctgggacactcggtcgagatcctcaatgaagcgaccaaggacggcaacaagaccgtcacagagctgaaacgcgagcgcgagcttgagaaacaacaacaagccgaacgagagacccaaacggcacgccaggaagccgtagaggctcggattttcgtcgagaacgtgcgcgcagaggtaaaacctttagaggagcagaaagagactctcaagggcgaaattgaggctttacaaacggagaaggacgtgctgacgtctgccgaggtcgaagccctcaagggcgaaaagaatctttttggagggctcaagggcgtttctcacaaggagtacgaggctttgaaacgcacggcggcgcacgtcgatgaatcagaccgcgcacgcgatctggcagaacagaaggcggcacgtgcggaagctgcagccaaagcagcctatgacgatgcgaaccgtcagctccgcgagagagtccgtgaggtcgagaatgatcgtccgtccattcagatgtaccaagaaaacgcccagcttcgccgcgaaaacgatgagctcaagcgcgagatcggtcgctttcaacgtggaatcaaccggctgttgcagatggtcaaggaaaaagctccgggcgtgtatcatgcgatagtcaaggaatctcaagagcaaaacaataaatcgcacagccgtcatgatgatcgtggcggcgatcgcgatgaccgctga
>gene_8178|addiction module antitoxin
atggcattggcaacattaagtgcaaaggttgatagtaacaacaaaaaagagtttgagcagttctgcgaagatacgggaatgaatgtatctgtatgtataaatatgtttgtaaaagaggtgctccgcaatcacaagctgccttttgaggtggcatcggatccgttttatagcagagaacacgtggaaatgcttgaaagacgcgtggctgatgcaaaagccggacgcaatatgcacgagcatgagctgattgaggtggactga
>gene_21138|Txe/YoeB family addiction module toxin
atgaaaacattatgggaagatcgtgcctgggatgattatatctactggcagacacaagataagaaaacccttaaacggatcaatgcgctgatcaaggatatcaagcgtagtccatttgagggaatcggcaaaccggaacctctaaaaaataatctcagtggcatgtggagccgccgtattgatgaagaaaaccgtattgtctattatgaagaagccggagtattatatattatttcctgccgggggcattatgataactga
>gene_52727|Hypothetical Rep protein
ctggttgaaaagaccgacgaggagctggccgaggaaaaagaagaccaggcgattctgttgggtcaaatcgacattgaccaatggcgcgacattctcaaggtcgaggcgcgggctaccgttcttgaactggcctcaaccaagggttgggaggccgtccaagacttcctgtttgtcatcaagggagcacatgatccgacgacgctggccacgcctgtgacgccggacatagtcatggaagcacgggctttgcttctggcctga
>gene_6287|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
ggcattgattatatttcttgtataggtcttcccactgacaagtataagattgtcggtgaaatgattgattggtgtgaagagaatgacatcacaagttatgcggaactgctccgctatgctcgtgtcatgcactatgattggtttagggtattgtgtgactcttcaacaattgtcatgaaagagtacctcaagagtaagtcttgggaaagtcgtgagcattacgtaatggatccagaaacaggtgaatgtaagcaagggtga
>gene_20400|RepB
actgttactggacgtgataaaagagaagttttaaaagaaatgattttgtttatacgtgaaaatcatgttgtttcttttgcggatttttctgattatgtgttttctgagaagtttgatgaatggtcagaggttcttgtagatcgtaatacattattcataaaagaatatattaaatcttatgcatggaagcatcagacagttgattctgagactggtgaagttcgttatgaagggaattttttgaaagatggcaaaggctga
>gene_40431|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggaaatacttgtacaatatctgttcacgctgggacacaagttcattttaagcataataaacgagatccagaaacaattgaatatcaattagcaaaagaaaatccaaacgatcctcatattgatgtgaatggtcattttgaaatctggaaagatagagatctaaaagaggtttatagagaaacctttaaagatgcagttgatagacataatgtaaagcaaactagaaaagatagaatgtgggattatgatcatgaatataatgcagtaaaaaaagaacacaacaagaaattaaatggtgataagaacaaaaatcttcgtagtctttgcgaagaaatgattattggaatctatcctgaaaaagatgaaaatggaaataaacttccacttaatctttcaggaaaagagcaaagagatattatatatcaattctataaagattttgaaaaaaacaatcccaatgtaaaagttgttggtgcttattttcatgcagatgaaccccatgcaggtttacatgctcatattgattatataatcatagggcatgattttgaaaagggtttagatactcaagtttctaagcttagaggttgcaaagaaatgggatatgaaagagaaatacctcatttaagagaaagcaaaagaaacaatgcttttgtatcctggtctaaagctcaaagaaatcatcttcaagaacttgttgaggctaaaggtatgactgttgtacatcctgatgctggtaaaaataaaaaacatagagatactgctaattacaaatatgatcaagtaaagaaacagacaaaagctgcgaagaaagaacttgtaaaattacgagaagaaaaagaaaatctacaagccgaatttgatatagcaaaaaacaattataaacaaaagctagatacctggttaaccgaagaaggcgacaaatacgccgaatctttacaagaaaaaaaagaatctttattagaaaaatacaaagaaactattgaaattgaaactgaaccagtacgaaatgaaataaaagaattaactaagcaaaaaattaaaatgcaagaaactacttttgtagctgatggtattgaaatagctcatgatactctgacgaaaattgtcaataatgcttctgagaagaaagaagaaatagcaaatcttgttgcagaaactgtatttgaagaa
>gene_156|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gagatgattattcagctcggcgatcaggagttctggcaagacaaaacagacgaggagaagaagcagatgtccggcttcttccgggacaatatcgaggagctgcagaagctctgcccggatttcaagatagccaacgccatagcgcactatgacgagaaaagtccgcacctgcatatcgtcggcgtgccggttgcgatttgcaaacgaggtatgtcaaagcaggcggtcaagaccaaagtttttacacaggagagtttgagcgatttacaggcaaaattgcacgagtttgcccaaagaggtataaataccctaacttttcaaactatgcccgaaaatgggctttctgtggcggaaaaagagaaaggcagaaacacagacgtcccaaagttctatctgtctgctttcaagaagcaggaagctgccgccaaaaaggaactggcggagctgaacaaaaaaatcgagagcgccgaacacagcgctgcagacctttaccaaatcaacaaggattatgacgaggtatccggcaaagtccgggacaaacgggacgagctgaacaaggtcactttagactggttagacacagaaaagaaacttgacgaagccgagagacagttacctcttcgcctggaagacgtgaaagaatggcagcatttttctgataactggaagcaaaaaggcggttggaaattaggcggtcttttagttctcaaacgcagtgatttcaaggctatgcacgataactacgctaaccttatcgcagaacgatccggcttccggaacgtagcagcacgcagcgacaaacaggcagaggaagcatacgcagcgaaagaggaagccgaacgaaagcagcaggaagccgagcagaaccaaaaagcagcggaactggcgcacaaagaaacgaaaaggctgctgcgtgaagcacaaaatgcgctcaaagccgagaaagataaatttacctcgtacaggaattttttgaagcgtgcatttaagcgtgtgaatttagacctctcggaattttggcagtatcacctcgtagaagatgaacgagagaaacggcagaaagaatgtttgcagccgggtgagaagctgaacgatattacattgacactcaaaaaagacggcataatcggcgatttttacttggaaataacggctgccaacggtacacaacggctcatcgctgatgaaatgcttgacggtatattgccgacgtttgctccggacacgctcattgagggaaattcttgtcggtttggaagtattgaacttacagaagaccatcgttttgtaaccaaagtagacgacaaaaagcagttgaaagactgtaccggcggtataggtcacggactctgtgtccgaagagaaatagctgaagtcttagaaagagacttggaacgcagtcaacaagtccaaaggtaa
>gene_7923|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggcgcacgttgagaagtacaccggcggcgtactcggacacatgctcggccattatgatcgcacaaaggcagacattgaaaccagcaatccggcaagggtgcatctgaactacaatctggctgcggcggatcagccgttgccccagcttgatttcattcacaagcggttgtccgaagtccgggtgcaaaacaggaaagatgtcaataagctctgcgattggatcgttactgctccgaaggatctcccggccgcagatctgccgcagttcttttctgaaacctatgcttttctccgggaacgttacggagcaaagaacgttgtttccgcctacgttcacatggacgaaaccacgccccatgtgcattttgcctttctcccgattgtcaaggacgcccggcgtggcggagagaaactgtccgccaaagaggccgttaccagggcagatctgaagacgctgcatccgcagcttcagaccaggctggaagctgcgctcggtcactcggttgagatcttgaatggcgcaacagcagaggggaaccggaccgttaaacagctaaaagagggagaaaagatcatagcggaagccaaagaggaagcagagaagattgtatccgaggccaaatcaaaagccgcagaaatcgtttctgcggccgcgaacaaggcagaggccaccaggaaagcaataaggcccttagaggccaaggaaaaggctctgagggccattgtagacgctatggacaagtcggaagatcttcccggcgtcgaaatccacacgagagggcttcttagcaagcaggaggtagtaaccgctcccaaggggacctgggataagctgatcgttgcggccaaaggtagcaaaggtgcaaaacaggctctaaaacagctcaaacgagaacttgacgcctttgctcgatctgcctccggccaggagctccagcagctccaggaggacaatgctgcgttgcgcagtcagaacgaggagcttcaaggtcaagtcctggatctgaaatacgataatcaaagtctgtcggatgctgccgatcgggaaaagcgggcagcatcccgcacggcagccaggatcgagcgtgtcctggacaagctcgatcccaatattgctgatgccttccggagggaatggaaacggcaagaacggctcatgagccgcgacgctcgatga
>gene_57194|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
ttgtttgtacaaaaactgcgtttttatacaagcaacatcgtgccgtctgcggacggaaagaaaggagagaacggtatggcaaagaatgcttttgtaaaaattacagtgctgcatgatgtcaggggtcgaatcaggtatgcaacatcacctgataagcaggaacatctcgaagcgtatgttgacaacatgccaaaagatggttggattgagctttcaaaatactcgcgcaaacaggcatctctttaccatccgggaaaa
>gene_22198|replication protein
atgactgatgacaggttcagaaattgggcgtttgttgtgtatcccgaaagtgcgcctgagaactggcgagaaatacttgatgagcatcatataccttggtttgaatctccacttcatgacagagacgtaaaccccacaggagagtcaaaaaagccacattggcatgtgattatcacattcgcaggtaagaagggttacgagagtgtcaaacccattacagaagaggtaaatgctacaagacctgagcacgtgaaagac
>gene_29571|Plasmid replication protein
tttggcggtgcggattacgctgccacgatcggcctggcgatcgacaagtacaaatgcataaaggaaatggtggagttttgtgtcactaataacatcgtcagttacagcgatctgctcgagtatagcatggaataccgttttgactggttccgcattctctgcgattgtggcaccgttgtggttaaagaatacctcaaggcacgatcctggacatttgaatacaagcgactgcagaatcgaggcgaaaacgatggatga
>gene_52105|plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
atggaatacggaatacatcgtgcagagaagtgcaaaggcggaacaataagcggtagagaatgcgaaatcaatagaacaaacaaagacaagggaagatttcctaattctgatattgattgggaacgtacggagcaaaacgtacacttagtacattcgcaacgcttgcaacaacgcgcgaaagaggtgttatcagagcatggtataacaaaagtgcgtaaagatgccgtattgcttatagacagtgtctacactgcgtctcctgactttttcaaagataaaagcagagaagaaattataaagtatttcaaagagtgtttagagttccaagaacgacattacggagtaacaataaatgccgtaatacacttcgatgaaacaactcctcatttacattgcgaaagcgttccaattgtagaaaaagaaaatggagaatactctctgtctgctaaaaaaattatgggtaacaaaaaagattattctgaccggcagaccgcttttcacgaagaggttacgaaacgttggggtttagaacgtggagagttacgagaagataataatctacgtaaacatacaaccgcacaacagaaaaaagcacaggatgcggaaaaagcgttaacagaattggaaaaaaacatttcagccaacatggagcttgagttacagaccgcaaaagaaacagaatttatattacaacagaagattgctgcagctgagattaaaacaccattcttcaaagggaaagccgaaactgtaacataccacaaagaaagtctcgtgcaagcacgtaacatagcagaccaaatagaacaacattcaaaagacaaccaaatgttttatctgagcgcgaaggaagagcgcaaggatctcgaggttcgcaaagcagaagtggaacgtatgcggagcgaaatcgaacccttgcaccagagcgcaatcgaagagcgtgacaagtggagacacgaaaacgaacatttaagagaaattgtagaagaatgttcagaacgaaaagctattcagatgtttgaggaacggacccaaggttacgacttagacaaagtagcgtttatggaagatttcatgtcacaatataaggttaacggagtaagcttaaaagagctttgtatgaaagcctgggaagagttcctggagaagatagactttcatcacggcttaagattgtaa
>gene_5214|toxin RelE
gtgaaggttgtcttccaagagaaggcccgcaagcagcttttgaatctcgacaaggccgtgcgcaggcgcatcgtcgattacatggcagaggtttcggcgcttgcagacccaaggacgaggggcaagtcccttatcgggaaccttgtcggcttctggcgttaccgcgtcggcgattacagggtgctctgcaggataaaggacgagcagcttgaggtacttgttgtcgcgattgggcacagaaaggacatctataactga
>gene_44157|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagtgttaacgtagccaagtttacgacttcaggagcgagggggttaagtgttcatttcgacgagcataagcgagccgaacttgaacacgccaaccctcacataaataaagacctgacagagcgtaattactttatcggtgcgagaagttataacgaggtgttatataaacttaaagaacgccagctagaacttgatagacttaaaccacctaaacgaattaaggctgataggataacatgtctatctgttgagataccgatacctaaacaacttacagataatggacaagctgacgcttttatgcgtgacgcttatgaggttttagagcgtacctttggaagtgctaacgttcacggaatgaccgtccataaagatgaagtacacgactatatagacccaaagactaaagaggtacgtacttcattagagcatggacatgctttcgttacccctgaggatccggaacgtggacttaatgcaaaggcgtgtcttaatcgtactaaattacgtgagttgcaacgttctatgaatgacatgtgtcttgagcgttatggctttgaatataacacacatgaggtagcacgacaccttgaagttgaagaacttaaaactcaaagtttaagagctgaacaagaagttttagaaactaaacttcaacgttcagaatctaaacttcaacgttcagaatctaaacttcaacacaataaagaggttatacatcaacaagtcgaaaagtataattccaacaaggagacgcttaaggctcaaggtgttaagattcgcaaacgaactaaacaacttgaacaggtggacgttatctctcacgatgtaaaaactatagctgataaaaaaatatggtctgctgatgataagcaatacatgatagagttagcaactcatggcgaacgcaactcttacttgatagatgaggttgacgaacttaaatctgataaaaaatctttatcatcagaacttgataagtccattaaggggcttaagtcggctcaggataaagtttactcattagagcatgagaattatacccttaaggctgaaaacgccaaaatgagccaaaaattaactaaattagaggactttatacatagtcagggtttagaacttcctaaacctgaaattaaaaaatctataaatttacatattggtcgataa
>gene_42572|Replication initiator protein
atgacgaaagacggaagaattagattatttgagatagtccaatttgacgaatattggaaacctgatacggctttaaaatggttagatagaattagttgcgattacatttgcgtagttcacgacaaagacaaaaaaccaaacggcgaagataaggcaaagcattatcacgtcgttgtaagattaaaggacgcaaggacgatagacgatattgctaaaaattgcgaagtagaatctcaatacgtagagattaaaaatcatttcaaggacgcatgtgcgtatttgttccatttaacgagcaatgcgagaatggatcataaatacgaatacgacggctctgctgttgtatcgtgtaagcacataacgtatgaagaaataaaatctcgtagtgttgaatacgacaaagcaattaatcacaatgacgaaataaaacaattgttgtttcaatacggcaattgtgagatttcaaagagtgatgtattagcaaaaatgtcggcggaagattacaacaagtttggtcttgtttttcgtcgtatgaaagaatatagaattatgaaagtgagagatagaaaaatgactgttatatatattacgggtggtagcggttgcggaaaaactacattagcgaagtatatggct
>gene_9|Replication initiator protein
atgacgaaagacggaagaattagattatttgagatagtccaatttgacgaatattggaaacctgatacggctttaaaatggttagatagaattagttgcgattacatttgcgtagttcacgacaaagacaaaaaaccaaacggcgaagataaggcaaagcattatcacgtcgttgtaagattaaaggacgcaaggacgatagacgatattgctaaaaattgcgaagtagaatctcaatacgtagagattaaaaatcatttcaaggacgcatgtgcgtatttgttccatttaacgagcaatgcgagaatggatcataaatacgaatacgacggctctgctgttgtatcgtgtaagcacataacgtatgaagaaataaaatctcgtagtgttgaatacgacaaagcaattaatcacaatgacgaaataaaacaattgttgtttcaatacggcaattgtgagatttcaaagagtgatgtattagcaaaaatgtcggcggaagattacaacaagtttggtcttgtttttcgtcgtatgaaagaatatagaattatgaaagtgagagatagaaaaatgactgttatatatattacgggtggtagcggttgcggaaaaactacattagcgaagtatatggctcgtgtaaaaaattacgacttctttgttagcggtagcgggaaagacgttttagacggctacgacaaagaagagtgtattattttagacgatttacgagcggacgtttttacgaaagcggaattattcaaacttacggacaacaatacaaatagtagtgttaaatctcgctttcaaaacaaagatatttcgtattgtaagttaatgattatcacaagcattaaaacgccacgtgatttgtataattgggataccacttcatttgaagacaaagacgagagttttaagcaattcgctagacgtattaacaatatgtttttgtatattgataatgacgggactattttacaatgtacttatgacttggactatataaggacttcaaaaaaagtgatggactttaatatgaaccaagtttttaacgtgctaggtattcaaaaagttcttggcgaggacttaatgaaagatattttcgcaaaagttagtgaagatatagagaagaaaagcaaaaaatacggcgaagacgacgatttgcctttctag
>gene_45328|Replication initiator protein
atgacgaaagacggaagaattagattatttgagatagtccaatttgacgaatattggaaacctgatacggctttaaaatggttagatagaattagttgcgattacatttgcgtagttcacgacaaagacaaaaaaccaaacggcgaagataaggcaaagcattatcacgtcgttgtaagattaaaggacgcaaggacgatagacgatattgctaaaaattgcgaagtagaatctcaatacgtagagattaaaaatcatttcaaggacgcatgtgcgtatttgttccatttaacgagcaatgcgagaatggatcataaatacgaatacgacggctctgctgttgtatcgtgtaagcacataacgtatgaagaaataaaatctcgtagtgttgaatacgacaaagcaattaatcacaatgacgaaataaaacaattgttgtttcaatacggcaattgtgagatttcaaagagtgatgtattagcaaaaatgtcggcggaagattacaacaagtttggtcttgtttttcgtcgtatgaaagaatatagaattatgaaagtgagagatagaaaaatgactgttatatatattacgggtggtagcggttgcggaaaaactacattagcgaagtatatggctcgtgtaaaaaattacgacttctttgttagcggtagcgggaaagacgttttagacggctacgacaaagaagagtgtattattttagacgatttacgagcggacgtttttacgaaa
>gene_979|Rolling circle replication like protein
caaggctttcaggcaatcaaagaacggttcaaactgctagattcagcccgaaaaatacttgatggagaacgtactcaacactgtttctataatcgtgtagataaaaatgatggtgtaggggtcacatttaataaatttcgcaataaagccaattatacgaatgttatgcgctgcgccaatgcgtggggctgtcctgtttgtgctgcaattatctcagaacatcgtaaatgcgaagtcaaagaagccatggactggtggaagaaacagggcggatctgtgctgctgcttacgcttactgttccccattattcagataccgacatcaaacaactgaaaaaggacttaaaaaaggcttatagcaagtttttcaagggtgttcgtgcatctaaagatatgttcgagcgttggcagataaaacactatatctcttgctttgaaattacccacggaaccaatggatttcatccgcattatcacgttttgttatttgtgccttattctctgggtgaacaatcattacctggcattaagcaggatatgtacaaagtttggaaagattgctgtttaaaagcaggtctggacgaaccaagcgaagaacatggattagatttacaagctggaaatgaagctggtgcttatgttgcaaaatggggcttagaagaaaaagaaaataaatggggtctagaacatgaaatgactaagggtcatgtaaagaaagggaaaaaagaaaatagaacgccttttgatattttgagaagttatacagaaaatgaaaatgaagcagatgccaatttgtttaagttgtattactttgctttcaaaggtacacgccagttgaactggtcaaaaggtcttaaaaagttggttagcaaggcagaagaaaaaacagatcaggaaattgtagacgatactgacaacgtagcagaaatgcttttcaaattagatattgaaatgtggcatgcagttagaaaacagaaaaaacagggtgaactactggttgctgttgcagaagatcagacactcaaaaaaccaatggaactaatacggcaatgtctagcagatcaggggctaattaaacaccccgaaagcccccttataccctga
>gene_40238|RelE/StbE family addiction module toxin
atgaaagttattctttcagctgatatattaaagcagcttaaaaaaatggacaggtatatagctaaagccgtttttgagtatcttgaggatttagaaaaactagacaatcctaaaagcaagggtaagccgttagttgcaaatttaaaaggtttgtggcgatatcgagttggtgacatgagggttatttgtcgcataaaagaaactgaaaatgttattgaggctctaaaagttggggcaaggaaagacgtatacgattaa
>gene_6512|Plasmid replication protein
aagtcgcattgtatcgttgagtttcaagaccttatggactatgctgctgccgaacactttgacgattggtttccgctgctatgtgacaattcggctttcgtgattggtcagtatatcaagtctcagcgtcatagatctggctctgtttctgctcccgtttcggatcctgctcctgctcatgctcttgctgtgcaagagggtgatgatgatgattttgctatttttgactccgagactggtgaggtgataggctga
>gene_53070|Mob
atgggatacaaaataggggttccctgtcttaagcttaacaatgccgggaataaatcaaagcactgtggcagcttcgggggtgtcacacgtgaggcactggaagaacgtgaaggacgtgacccggacatcaatcacgagctgtcgcatctgaacgtttataccgggtatcgaactgcagccgagctgatggaatattccgaccgtcacgtgaaacagttaaaggacgcaacgggacgtggaatacggcgcgacgcggttcgcatgtgcgtgacggtttttaaaccgcctgcaatgtatatgaacacgttgccttatgataagcagcgagaatttttggacgattgccaggaattctttgcaacccttgttggcgccaataatatcaaatcaactgcaacgcattttgacgagcaaggcgcccatcggcacgtcttttgggagccaatgaccgaagacggtcggttatgtgctaaagaaattcacaacatcaaattctttgcaaagattaacgagaatttgccggcatatctacgtgaacgtggatgggatattgaagattgtgattgttacgatagagcacaacgcgatttggacgaggaaaagaaaagagaacattatcaaaaacgcctccaggacggccgtagcagtgccgtatacaagcttgaggccgaaaggcagaagaatgaccttattaggcaaaacaacgtcttagaagccgaattagagcttaaaaaaataatcctggctgatattgaagatagttgccccattaagaccttcgaggacttaaaagcggtgcaggaagaaactgcagctgagattgatgagctttacgacgttttaaacgaaaccgacaagcttgttttcaatctgcagcaggaaatcgaagttccaggacaaccacgtctgcgccaattggtcgaggaccttgttcacgtttggaatcagaaccgtgacaagcttgtcgccttaattgagtcaattaagacaaaaattaaggatattgacctttttgaaaagatacgtaacattcccgaacacttacgttcggccaagaagcttgagaaaacggtagcagaagcaacgtcacgggctgcgaagcaaaataatgacgcccaggagctcgtcacggccacagagaaggacttaaatgaattacccaaaagaaacctttag
>gene_20721|RepB protein
atggcaaataagatatacggttatactgtcgtggcgtatccggaatctatgccgactaactggaagatacttcttaatgagttgccgtttggatattgttacagcctacacgacaaagatgtagattcagatggagtattaaaaaagccccattatcatttcttttttcaagggaaagcgactcccaaccagaagaaatatatacatggagcacttgccataaattatggcgaagatataagaagttatgcg
>gene_32648|prevent-host-death protein
atgttagcagtaaattattcaactattagaaataaattaaaagattattgtgaccaagcaacagataatcacgaaactgtaattgtaacaagaaaaggcgaaaagaatgttgttcttatgagccttgaacaatataacgcaataatgaaagcaactcgaaacgcagaatatttggcaaaaatagatatgtctattgaacaattagaaaacggcaaaggtcaagtacacgagttgatcgaggttgatgatgaataa
>gene_29135|Putative replication protein
aaaggcagggcaaagcattttgtattaacggacgaattggaacagttggaggagctactgcagggggagtttgtgatcacgtctcctatctcgtattatgggcgcaggagaaccgggaagaatgctcggtatgcgtatgccttagcttttgatttggacggtgtacagatgccgcagttgcgcgacgttctgcatcaatcaaatcgtgaaatcattccgaaacccacttacatagtgaattccggacgtggtttgcatttgtattatgtattggaacaacctcatatgatgttgcctcatattcagtcttgccttaaggagctgaaatatgcattgacgagacagatatggaatcgatttacttctacacgtaaggatatagaggttcaaggcatcctgcagggtttccgaatgattggcagcccttcgaagctggggagagagttcccggtaacagcttataggtatggggataaggtcaacgttgattatctcgtggattttgttccggaaacgtctggagaacgtgagaggatttatgatgctttgaaaagcaaaattacgcttgaggaagctaaagaaaaatatccagaatggtatcagcgccgtgtggtagaaggacaaccgcgtggacgatggaccattaagcgcgacctttatgattggtggctccggaggatccgttcggaaatcaatgttggccaccgtttttttggttgcatgacgttggctatctatgccgtgaagtgtggcatatcggaagaagagctccgggaggatgcctattcccttttgaaagggtacgatgcaatgtcctatgaggacacgaatcgatttacagaggacgatatcgaggcggccattggcatttacaatgacagttattgcacgttcccacgtgacgatatcggcaaagtaaccggcctgcagatgccggtgaataagagaaattatcaaaagcaggctgaccatttagaagaagcgcgtgcgattcgcgatattcgtatgaagcgtgcaggtaaagattggcgagaaggcaacggccgtccgaaagggtctggaacagcaaaggaaaaggtgcaacagttccgagttgaatatccggaggcaactaaagctgaatgtcaccgagtcaccggtttagatccgaagactatccgtaaatggtgggattga
>gene_4662|RelB/DinJ family addiction module antitoxin
atggacgcagacttgaagcggcagtttgaggcgttctgtgctgatatgggaatgacgatgacaacggcgttcaatgtttttgcgcgtaaggctgtgagggagtatagaataccctttgaaatcagcggcgatgtgccgaacgctgaaaccgtcgaagcaatcaaggaagtaaagagaatgaaagccgatccg
>gene_33054|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ family
atggacgtagacttgaagcggcagtttgaggcgttctgtgctgatatgggaatgacgatgacaacggcgttcaatgtttttgcgcgtaaggctgtgagggagtatagaataccctttgaaatcagcggtgatgtaccgaacgctgaaaccgtcgaagcaatcaaggaagtaaagagaatgaaggccgatccgagccttggcaagacctattccaatgtcgatcagatgatggaggagctgcttgccgatgtataa
>gene_44270|Putative mobilization protein
atggcacacatcaccaaattcaaatcttcagcgatggggcagatcttcgcccacatcaatagagatagggacactataagcaaatacggaaatgcggatatagatccctctaaaacttcgcaaaattccgtcctttttgcgggggatatggagaagcttcagaagcgacttgccgaggtatcacatacacatcgtaaagatctggtggtctgttgcggggtggtggtgactttgcccgaagaactcaagcaaaaaagccgatttctgcaagacgatttcttcaaagcctgtcacgcctttctttccgcaaagtttggtccggaaaataccgtgtatagcgttgtccaccatgacgaaacgaccccgcatattcatttcggcttcgtgcccgttgtggagcaagagcgcaaataccgctccaaagccaaagccgggcagacctatacgcaagagcgcataagtgcgagagattgcgtaaatcgtgaggttctgtcctctctgcacgatgagcttcaggcacacatatcccgatatttccccgatgtgcgcatcgtgagcgaaaaagctcaccgaatgaaaaagagcaagagcatggcagagctgaaagaagcttctatcaggcacatggagcagaaagagtcgcagatagatcaagtctgttttgaagccaaaacatggaaaggtgttgccgagtgttggcgagacgaagcaaagcttctcaaagaaaaggcagagcaagaagcggaagcgataaggcaaaaagctcgcgagagaggcagagaagaagcctcgcgtattcgccaagaagcctatcaggacgcttctcgagaggcagagcaaatcaagaaaaacgccaagccagagctttacgaggcttttaaggcagatatacaagccttagaagcggagaacgcaagactactagccgaaactcatcggctaaacaatttgctgaacattgctaaaaaggctttgtcaaaattgctcaagcatactaaatcgctaataaatcatgcttcgagccaagcaactacagaaatttctcagactttcagggagtgcgacgctcatcgcttgcttagcgatgagcctcagcaagaagctcaagagcaaaagcctaaggctcgtgtttgggacgaggtaaagaagcaaagcagaggcatttctcgatag
>gene_44457|Putative mobilization protein
atggcacacatcaccaaattcaaatcttcagcgatggggcagatcttcgcccacatcaatagagatagggacactataagcaaatacggaaatgcggatatagatccctctaaaacttcgcaaaattccgtcctttttgcgggggatatggagaagcttcagaagcgacttgccgaggtatcacatacacatcgtaaagatctggtggtctgttgcggggtggtggtgactttgcccgaagaactcaagcaaaaaagccgatttctgcaagacgatttcttcaaagcctgtcacgcctttctttccgcaaagtttggtccggaaaataccgtgtatagcgttgtccaccatgacgaaacgaccccgcatattcatttcggcttcgtgcccgttgtggagcaagagcgcaaataccgctccaaagccaaagccgggcagacctatacgcaagagcgcataagtgcgagagattgcgtaaatcgtgaggttctgtcctctctgcacgatgagcttcaggcacacatatcccgatatttccccgatgtgcgcatcgtgagcgaaaaagctcaccgaatgaaaaagagcaagagcatggcagagctgaaagaagcttctatcaggcacatggagcagaaagagtcgcagatagatcaagtctgttttgaagccaaaacatggaaaggtgttgccgagtgttggcgagacgaagcaaagcttctcaaagaaaaggcagagcaagaagcggaagcgataaggcaaaaagctcgcgagagaggcagagaagaagcctcgcgtattcgccaagaagcctatcaggacgcttctcgagaggcagagcaaatcaagaaaaacgccaagccagagctttacgaggcttttaaggcagatatacaagccttagaagcggagaacgcaagactactagccgaaactcatcggctaaacaatttgctgaacattgctaaaaaggctttgtcaaaattgctcaagcatactaaatcgctaataaatcatgcttcgagccaagcaactacagaaatttctcagactttcagggagtgcgacgctcatcgcttgcttagcgatgagcctcagcaagaagctcaagagcaaaagcctaaggctcgtgtttgggacgaggtaaagaagcaaagcagaggcatttctcgatag
>gene_14184|Chromosome partition protein Smc
atgaaacaagggatgcacaattcgaaatttactgctgctgattgcagtggtattgaaaaggaacaaaaacgagaaaataaagaagttccatatcgcaatgaggtagatctggaacgctctcacctcaatgtgatcaagggatctgctccttggagaccagtaattgaaaaggcaaggaaattaactcaagaaaatactggcaagaaggtaagagctaacactatctgctttgatagtattattgaatctgttccacactcttgggatagagagcgagtaatcgattacttcaatcgacaagaccagatgatcagggggttattaagacaacagggaatggatgatgaagcatggtcattatcttctatcattcactttgatgaaaccaatcctcacagaacctttacctttgtgccttttatggatggcaaactacaaaataaaaacatcgttaacaggtacttcttaaggcaacttgttgagcaaggatgggatgtataccaacaatttgctgaggaatatcctgatctagaaaagttagatccaccagatcgaggacttgataaggatcacctatctgagcttgaatataagatcaagcaattagaacaagaagtggatgaatatcatactcaatacgttcaatacaaagagttatgtcaagacctacaaatgaccgttgctgcaaaagaagaatatatatatgacctgaaagaaaaaatatctcgaacagaagaaatcaaaggtatccttgatactgatttacaggattacaacgatcgtatctctaaagcctctcaggagcttcaaaaggttgaagataatgtagctgacttaaagaatgagcagctttttttagagacttcgatagaagatctaaacgaggatatcgatgaattgctcctagaaagaaattctttggtttcattgactatcaaggctgagaaagtattagagcgagaacttggaggagacattgctccacttatcgagaaagagaaggaaaatcaaaaatattatggtttacttaaccgtttcttcactttctgccaagaattcatggataatttcaatcaattctttgaacgattcaagcagcatgagctagaaaaagaaaagccaaagaagaaaatgcttaaccaagatatagaagcatggaatataagcatt
>gene_44950|Putative mobilization protein C
atggcgcgcaccatagaccagcagatcgcggaagctcaggcccggctcgcccgccttaggacccgcgccaaggccagcgaaacccggcgcaagatcatcgtcggcgccatcgtcaccaccgaggctttgagagaccccaagatcgcccgctggatggcggccactctgcgcaagaacgccacccgcgaggtcgatcagaaggag
>gene_54375|Plasmid stabilization protein
atggccaaaggaggcgaaacagtgaatttttccaaaactgccgtgaaagccttgcaaaagatggacgcaaagcagcgggaacgcattctaaaggccattgaggccattcctgacggcgatataaaaccgatggaaggaaagccgttagggcgctacaggctgcgcataggcggctatagggccgtttatcgaatggaaaatggcgaaatctgcgttttagatataggggcccgcggggacatttataaataa
>gene_40714|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatattaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagttggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgacattctccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggacgccattgccctggaacggcataggagcagataa
>gene_37032|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatattaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagttggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgacattctccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggacgccattgccctggaacggcataggagcagataa
>gene_33791|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatattaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcc
>gene_36074|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatatcaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgac
>gene_47860|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatattaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagttggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgacattctccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggacgccattgccctggaacggcataggagcagataa
>gene_50264|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcactggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcagggcgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaggatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatatcaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaggaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggtcaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaaaggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgacgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagccttcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtgcagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgcagcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaagagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagctggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgatatactccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggaagccatctccttagaaaagcatagaggcagataa
>gene_45098|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcgctggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatattaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagttggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgacattctccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggacgccattgccctggaacggcataggagcagataa
>gene_35351|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggcgcaccgtctttaaaattgaacaatgccggcacggtatcgaagcactgcggagactttggatccgttgccagggaggcactggaggagcgggaaggccgagatccggacatcgatcagaccagggctgagcttaaccggatcgagggcttcagaacagctgcagagctgcaggcgtacagtgcagcgcacgtggacgaactgcgcgacgcagcaggccgcaagctccggaaggacgccgtggtgatgtgcgccacgatcctgaagccgcctgcggcgatgatgaacaagctaccgcttgaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaacgaggcgtttgccgagatcgtcggccgggacaatatcaagtccagggcagaccactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggtcaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaaaggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgacgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagccttc
>gene_22127|Mobilization protein
cactttgacgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgacggaggacggccggctgtgtgccaaagaggtacacaacctgcagttcttcggccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagaagctgcgcgccaagggctgggagatcgaagattgcgagatgtacgatgccgccaaggaggagtacgaaaagcaatcgaagaagaacgccgggcgcagctccgtagcattcaaagctgacgccgagcagaagaagggcgagctccttcaggagatcgacgagctggaggacgccttaaacgcccatgctgggcccgtagagcgtcttcagaaggtacagggcatagaagatagggccaaggcgtccaaagccttcctggggcgtcctgcgaccgttaaactggacaagaaggactatgacaccctggtggcaacggcccgcgccggtgctgcatcagaatccgagaagattatggtgcggcagcagtacgaccggcttgactaccagcgcgattgcctgcagcagcggtacgaccggctggagaagcggtaccaggagaaggacaaggcctacaaggagctgcagcagaagttggaggcgtccgtgttcgagagcataccgctgcttggccggctcttcaccttgctgcgacagttccggcagtccgtgcgtgatgacattctccgggacacgatcaaggatctggagaagcggatcgagcgcgagaaggacgccattgccctggaacggcataggagcagataa
>gene_32941|prevent-host-death protein, partial
atgactacaactaatatcacgaactttcgcaaaaatgcctttaactatgtagagcagacagtaaaatataatgagcctgtcaacatctgcaccaaagacggaaacgctgtgctgctgtcggaagaagattacagcggaattatggaaacgctgtatctggtatctgtgcccggtatgagagaaaaaatcatggatggtatgaatgaaccgctgtctgactgcgtggatgaaacggcggtggactggtaa
>gene_35191|Replication protein
ttgaaaggagattttgtattgagccctggaacaaaaaaagaaaaaagccctcgtgtgttggcgcactcggtggcttctccctgcttggtctcttctgctgttgtcaatgcagattataccacagaaaaagcagtatgtcaagatattgcgcttgaaatgtgtaattcagactacaccgaaagtgcagaaattgaaaagaaatttacgccgaaaagaatttgctctgagcttctcgcttcgagctatgagcgcatcggctttcaaagcaaagcaagccgtgtgtctgactgtggcactttccttgaatttgctcacgagataagctctgacggcattatctctgaaaagggaaagcttcataatgcgaacttctgcaaggataggctttgtcccctttgcagttggcgcaggtcttacaagatattcgctcaggtgtctcagataatggagctcatcggctctgagtatgattttctcttcctcactctgactgtgccgtctgtgccctctgagatgctctctgagacactttctcgaatgattaaagcttgggattgcctttgtcatagaaaagctttcaaatcgtctgtaaacggcttttttagagctcttgagataacccgcaacaatgacatacacagtaaaagctttagcttgtatcacccgcattttcattgtgtgcttgccgtttctcgtagctatttcaaggacaagtatatcagccgtgatgaatggctctccctttggcagtcttgttataaagacgagagcattacacaggttgatattcgtcgagctcgtgacaagttcgctgatgaagcagagaccgccgtcaatcagctttcaagtgccgttgccgagattgcaaaatatgccgtcaagagctctgactatatcttcgctgataatgaagctcttactgatgatatcgtcagaacacttgcagaagctcttcgtggtcgcagattgactgctttcggcggttgcttcaaagaagcttttgagaagctcaagcttgatgatgcagaggacggagaccttgtacatatcaatgacgagctaaaccctgcgcttgcgtggcttatcgttcgctatggttggagcgcaggagcttataaaatgactgatagctttgtccgtcagcccgaaagcgaggtgaaaacggattga
>gene_37471|Plasmid replication protein
ttgaaaggagattttgtattgagccctggaacaaaaaaagaaaaaagccctcgtgtgttggcgcactcggtggcttctccctgcttggtctcttctgctgttgtcaatgcagattataccacagaaaaagcagtatgtcaagatattgcgcttgaaatgtgtaattcagactacaccgaaagtgcagaaattgaaaagaaatttacgccgaaaagaatttgctctgagcttctcgcttcgagctatgagcgcatcggctttcaaagcaaagcaagccgtgtgtctgactgtggcactttccttgaatttgctcacgagataagctctgacggcattatctctgaaaagggaaagcttcataatgcgaacttctgcaaggataggctttgtcccctttgcagttggcgcaggtcttacaagatattcgctcaggtgtctcagataatggagctcatcggctctgagtatgattttctcttcctcactctgactgtgccgtctgtgccctctgagatgctctctgagacactttctcgaatgattaaagcttgggattgcctttgtcatagaaaagctttcaaatcgtctgtaaacggcttttttagagctcttgagataacccgcaacaatgacatacacagtaaaagctttggcttgtatcacccgcattttcattgtgtgcttgccgtttctcgtagctatttcaaggacaagtatatcagccgtgatgaatggctctccctttggcagtcttgttataaagacgagagcattacacaggttgatattcgtcgagctcgtgacaagttcgctgatgaagcagagaccgccgtcaatcagctttcaagtgccgttgccgagattgcaaaatatgccgtcaagagctctgactatatcttcgctgataatgaagctcttactgatgatatcgtcagaacacttgcagaagctcttcgtggtcgcagattgactgctttcggcggttgcttcaaagaagcttttgagaagctcaagcttgatgatgcagaggacggagaccttgtacatatcaatgacgagctaaaccctgcgcttgcgtggcttatcgttcgctatggttggagcgcaggagcttataaaatgactgatagctttgtccgtcagcccgtaagcgaggtgaaaacggattga
>gene_51454|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaatccatgcggaaaattttggcaaaggctctgtgggagcattggagcatcacaatctgagggagaatgaaacgtacagcaataaagacattgacccggcacgtaccaaagataacgtgatactgaaagccccggaagattcccaataccgggatactaagaatataattgagcagagagcggtgaaccaggttcggaaaaattccatttggcagagtgaatttattgtgtcaagtgacaaggatttttttaaagaactgccgatgagtgagcagaaccgatttttcacagaggcttataaatacctctctaaagaatttggggaacaaaatgtaacttgtgcggtggttcattatgacgaaacaacaccccacatgcactttgattttgtacccatgacagaaacaaacaaactttcccggaaagaagtcatgacaagggaaagactgcttaaaatacaagaccaactgcctaagtatctgcatgagaagggttttgacatcgagagagggcgtaaaatggtcgaattagcccccaaagagcgtcctaagcatttagaaccgggagaatacaaaaaagccctaaatgacgaaattagagccttagaaaggcataaaaaacagcttgccgggaaagtggcagagcatgaaaagagggtggaacgattagacaaagcagttccgacattggaaaagcaggaaaaggcggtaaatgacaagctagtccgcataaagcagaaagagcttgctgcggatcagcttgtcaagagcctggaagaactgcctaaaggggtacgcacgaaatccggacatattgccctgcaggaaaatgaatacaaaaagttaaggagtaccgcaaagcagggaattctaagcagggaagagcttaaaacaagtaaagaacagttaatgacaatggctgaaagttaccaggagttaaagaaaaaggttccaacggtcaaggaacgtatggagacagcgcagattaaggcagattatcagaacatggaaaaccgggtgaaacgcctggaaaaacagaatgaaaacatgaaaggtgttctggaaaagataaaggacatgaaacttccggaaccggcctttaatcttgtgaataatgctttggaaacctttaagcggtttctgcagaaagaagatagagcaaagtaa
>gene_15958|Replication protein a
atgagtaatgctgttgttcgatacaataatggatttaatactgttccacttagaaaattttctcctgtagaaatggatttattttggtctatttgttccaaaatgaaacgaaagggtactgatgaacttacttttgattttgaatcatttaaatccattgctaactatgaccgaagagaaaaagaaagcttttattttgcactaaagtctacttgggaaaaaatgaagtcattaagttataaa
>gene_17380|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggaagaatttcgatgcctcaaggaaaaggcagtcagcttcataaccgacgtgaatatgagaaaataggcaagccgattccagacaacatcgatgcgagcttgatgcatcagaacgtggttctggtcgacctggacattcgagaagcttacgaaagcatcttcggagaagctctccaggagtacaattcgaagcaaaaacgcgctgatcgaaagatagatgattactatgagcacatatcgaagtcgaagaacggcgagaagcttttctatgaggacgtgctgcagtggggcaaaatggaagactttaaagacaacccacagttaagggaaaaagccaaagacgcgcttattcagtatgccacaacgttccaggaacgtaaccctaacttgcgagtaattggcgcatacgtgcacatggacgaggctagtcctcatctgcatctggactacgtgccagtggctcatggctataccaggggcttaaaaatgcgtaattcacttgatagagccatgaaagagatgggctatgttccagagaaggaaagccgaaaaaacaatgctacgaagctctggaaagagaatgaacgtgcttatttcgcagaaatatgccagggtttagggctcgaagtagagaaagaacgtaaagccaggggtagtttgtccgttgaggaatacaaggaagaacgcgacaaaatggttgcagacatagagcaagaggctaaattctgggaaggtcagagcgacttgtacatggaaaaagcctttgaaaaccgtgacaaagcgaatgaactacaggagcgtatcgataaaatggacgctgtgacgtcctacgtgagctctggggagcttaaaacttcgtcagccgagaatgtagtcattccagagaaaaagacgattctgggcaaaatagaggctccagagcgtaggggtgtcttcatcgaagacatgaacaaacagcaattcgcagctcttgtcgaccgtgtacgtgccgatgagggacttgagaaggcttatgatagcgctctgacgcgctgtaatgccattatagaccatgcaaaagaagaagccgaggaaatacgtgctgaagcttctgcagaacgaaatgagacggttgcacgtgcccaggagatcataaacgagcagaacagcatcattcaaagggctaaaaaatgggctgaagacttacagcgtaagtacaaagagcttacagagaaggtcaaggaactgcttggcatgaagtcagagctcgaggctgaaatcaaggaaattaaggaatccaggctgcgcctggaacctttaaaaaaagaagtcgatgctatgcagcgttcgtatgacattctggccaagaacgtcgagcatgaatataccagggcaatgtttaaggacgtgcacagcttacctggaagctattctacgtaccgtgaaagaggcgagcttattgccctttacaaagacggtagccaaaggctagtaggttcaaatgagcatggtggcatggattggaaaacactcgaagacgaaaaagctggtctttgtacggtgggtgtattcatgaaagagcgtgaggtcagagttccagaaacactttttagggaactcatcaatgcaagaagaccagaaaaagaggtttcccaggaactgcagaacctgatcaagcaagaaacacacgtagaacagcacgtacctatgcgacgtagaggacgttaa
>gene_8564|Replication protein
atgtatgaggatatatttcctgatttggatatggtcatgcctgttgttttcattgatgaagatgaagaaaagcatgtagtgaagatgacgatagatgaagctattgatacgtgtcatggaagaaatgatgttcttctcggtgcgacttcttacttcaatgagtttgtgagcaaggcgaccagtaagaatatctatgcctttatcattgatatggataatgtctattcgaatatcctttccctttctcttcagaataattggaaggacttttccgataaggatgttccaattccgacatatatcgtaaatagtggagtaggacttcatctgtactttgttctcgataagcctttaccttgctacaagtcccagttagctaatatagaccagttgtacagagcgttggctatcaaggagactactggaagaacgtacgttgaaaaatcggttcaatggttcggtcaggatttccgtatggcaggcggtatcggtaagacaggttgggagactactgtattcagagtaggtgagaagtgggacgttgacgagctgggtaaggctgttggattagagaatgtccactttgtccatgagggtgaacccagaccagaagttaagcaaaggctgaaaaaggataaaaagaagagtgctcccagaaaaggttattaccttaacagggctgtttatgattcatctattgagcgtactaagaaagaaacaccagagggacaccgatacacgggaatgatggctttatcggttctcgcttggaaatgtaatgtgccgaaagaagaactggaaagagatttggtgtctttgcttcccagtttcaatgagggggctgtaaccaaaataaagcataaagaaattagatcagcgatgaaaatgtataaccccaaggcaattgatacacctaagattaggacagaagagtggcttaactggaaattcaaaggttcgagaagaaatggcagaaccagagcagagcatttaaagagagcaagggctgttcaatcgattgattatcctaatggtgagtggagaggaagaaagtccaaagctgatattgtccgagagtggcaagaagctcatccagacggaaggaagatagattgtattagacaaacagggttatctaagcccaccgttctcaaatggtggaactga
>gene_55981|replication protein
atgaagaagctgcaggtaaacaaattcattaaaaaaatccacaacggagtgtggatggttaatccaaacgttttgatgcagggcaacgactctaagcggcaaatactcttgagttactatgagagcgatagaccgattgatgaaattacttatagcagaactaagcgcaaagcagtggaagaaatgcaggtccaaggacagctttctatagcagatttagaaatggatataaaggagagttag
>gene_32500|RepA protein
gtgaaccgtaacggttggagcgtccgcgaactcgcggaaaagaccggcgcgtcccctcgcgctatcgctaactggacgtccgaaccgcgtaagaactatctcgctcgcgccaacgagaagcgcgcaagggtcgccgagcttcgcgcccagggcctgactatgcgcgccatcgccgacgaacttgggtgctcggtcggcaccgtccaccgctacgccaaagaggccgaaagcaaaagcgcctaa
>gene_53345|Replication protein
atgaatcaaaatttcattgataaacatattgatgaaatagcagacgaaagaggtatgattgttgcaaagtcaaacgcccttattcaaaaaagtcgctttcccttatctttgcaagaacaaaaaatcgttttatttctcatttcaaaaataaaaccaacagataaagacatagaagcaattagtctatcaatctctgatttttgtgctgtttgcggcattgatactcaaaaaaataaaagc
>gene_56112|Plasmid replication initiation protein repb
atgaatattaaagatagaaaaattgaaatagttggatatccggaaaatcttgaaccggaaaaaatagcaagatacattgaaattaactataattatagttatgccttttgtatgcatacacacgatacaaaaccggacggaactccaaagcctattcattatcattttgaaatatggcacgatacaagattagttagtattgatagaatgcttaaagatttagatataccggaacgatggacacaaaaaattcgcaacaaaaagaatgcaattagatatttgatacaccttgaccaaccggaaaaatatcaatacaatagaaatgaaatagtgacaaataatattcaatatgttaacgagtgtttagacgaaatttcatacaaagataacggttatgttattgacgaaacctttgaaaaatcttacaaccaacaacatagcgaaatatttaagttgcaaattgaccaaacaaaaaaaatgaaattgtttgaattattagataaattcttcaaccatttctgcatagaaacaaatacaagtggagcgcatagaaatatggaaatatattatattcaaggtgaaaccggttcaggaaaaacaacatttgcaaaacaaatgtgcgagaaattgggctatgattattgtgtatcttcttcaagtaatgaccctttacaagattatcgcggacaaaaagcccttatattagacgatttccgcaccgacaatatgaaatttagcgaccttttaaaactcactgacccttacacaaattcaagtgtaaaatcacgatatagcaataaatatatggtaggctgtaaagtaatttttattactagtattattccattagataaaatctatattgatgttgcgcaatatgaagataccaaaaaacaattttatagacgaattgcgaatgtaattgtatgcaaacaagttaacggaattatgtctgcttgtatgtatatgaattttaaccgcgaaaccggttcggtgtatggcgattatatgacaatacctataaaattctcacaagcgcttgaatattcaaaatcgttattgctttcagtttttgaagatatgacaaaagaagaacaacaacaagcaatgcaagatttaccacaagaactagaaaaaataaatttgcgacaagttcttttcaaa
>gene_14248|Putative replication protein
aatgcaattagatatttgatacaccttgaccaaccggaaaaatatcaatacaatagaaatgaaatagtgacaaataatattcaatatgttaacgagtgtttagacgaaatttcatacaaagataacggttatgttattgacgaaacctttgaaaaatcttacaaccaacaacatagcgaaatatttaagttgcaaattgaccaaacaaaaaaaatgaaattgtttgaattattagataaattcttcaaccatttctgcatagaaacaaatacaagtggagcgcatagaaatatggaaatatattatattcaaggtgaaaccggttcaggaaaaacaacatttgcaaaacaaatgtgcgagaaattgggctatgattattgtgtatcttcttcaagtaatgaccctttacaagattatcgcggacaaaaagcccttatattagacgatttccgcaccgacaatatgaaatttagcgaccttttaaaactcactgacccttacacaaattcaagtgtaaaatcacgatatagcaataaatatatggtaggctgtaaagtaatttttattactagtattattccattagataaaatctatattgatgttgcgcaatatgaagataccaaaaaacaattttatagacgaattgcgaatgtaattgtatgcaaacaagttaacggaattatgtctgcttgtatgtatatgaattttaaccgcgaaaccggttcggtgtatggcgattatatgacaatacctataaaattctcacaagcgcttgaatattcaaaatcgttattgctttcagtctttgaagatatgacaaaagaagaacaacaacaagcaatgcaagatttaccacaagaactagaaaaaataaatttgcgacaagttcttttcaaaaatgacgatttgccttttgacgataaataa
>gene_34300|Conjugal exonuclease V alpha subunit TraA/mobilization protein essential for specific plasmid transfer MobA/MobL
atggctatatatcatctatccgtgaagcccgttcaaaggtctaaagggagaagcgcgacagcggcggcggcctatcgtgccggggagaaagtcactgacgagaggacaggggaagaacacgactacggaagaaagaaagggatactgtacaaagagataataaccccagacggcagcgatataacgagggaaaagctctggaatatggccgaggccgcagagaaacggaaggacggcacaacggcgcgagaatatgagatagccttgccgtctgaattgcccgaaaaagaacggatagagttagcaagagagtttgcgggcaaattggcacgagtccaaggcgttgccgttgatatttgcatacatgcaccatcacgggatggagactcacgaaatcaccacgcccatttacttgcaaccacccgcagatatgagggggggacgctagggaaaaaatctgacttcgatttgtcagacagagacaggaagaaaaaggggctggactctcgaaaagaagagttgcacgccctccgggcagagtgggcctacatggtcaacgccgcactagataaagcacagataaccgagcgcgtcacacacaagagcctaaccgcgcagggcatagaagaccgcgccccatcggtacaccttggccccacggcgaccgcactagagcgcagagggcaacagaccgagcgcggcgacctcaaccgcgccgcagccgtccccagccaggaacgcgcagagctggccacgctggagcggatgcaaaacgggatcagcgccgcacgacagcaggcccgcgcgggctggcggcagatgcaggctgcggccgtggaggccgagcgtcagaggaaacgacaggaggtggaacggcaacgccagcgagaggaagccgagaggcggcagaaagaggcagaacggcaaagattggaggaagaaaagcagcggacggaggcccgcagcctgtttgcgcggtatgtacgcggactgggtggaacggcagagcaacaggccgcccaagtacagcggatgctaaccgcgtgggagcagcagacagcgcaagagcgggccgagatactcgcagagatacggcagagcatagagcagcgggaacgtgcccagaatgaacgccagaggagcagaggcccacgcatggggagatag
>gene_50033|Mobilization protein
gcaccgagcttaaaattaaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagaactgcggagacttcggcagcgttgctatggaggctctggaggaacgcaagggacacgacccggacattgacccggagcgtgcagctcttaatcattacgagggcttcagaacagccgccgagctgatggaatacagcaaggcgcatgtggagcagctgcgcgacgctcgaggtcgcaagctgcgctctgatgcagttgtaatgtgtggtaccatcttgaagcctccagctgcaatgatggcacagctgacaccagctgatcagcgccgattcctgaatgatgcaaacgagatttttgccgagatagtcggcaaagataacataaagagccgagctgaccactttgacgagcagggcggtcattcgcatgtgttctgggaaccaatgacgaaggacggcaggctctgcgccaaagaagtgcataatctgcagttctttggtcgtgtaaaccgagagctccctgcgaagctccgggagcgaggttgggacattgaggactgcgagtgctacgatgctgccaaagagcagtacgagcaggtgatgaagcagtccggcaaaaactctatgacttataagctcgaagccgagatgaagaagcaagagctcttaaaagacatagagcacattgagaacgtcataaatgaccattctggcgacgttgagaccattcgagaggtaaaggctatcgaaggacgcacaaagccctctgggggcttttttgggcgttctgagaccgttaaaattgataaggctgattatgacaagctcgttgcttcagcaaaggctggagctgcagctcattcagagaacattgttttgcatcgaaactatgatttacttcaagaccgatatgaccgcttaagcgaaagctacgataagcttcgaggaagcgttaagcaaaaagacgaagcatacaaggcgctgcagcaaaaagagcaggcttcaattttcgagagcataccgcttttaggaaggctctttacattcctccgggaaatgcgccaaaggatgcgagacgactttttgagagacacaattaaggcagccgagaagataatcgagcgagagcgcgatgctattaccagagagaggagccggagccgatga
>gene_53337|Mobilization protein
atgggatacaagataggagcaccgagcttaaaattaaataatgccggcacggtatcgaagaactgcggagacttcggcagcgttgctatggaggctctggaggaacgcaagggacacgacccggacattgacccggagcgtgcagttcttaatcattacgagggcttcagaacagccgccgagctgatggaatacagcaaggcgcatgtggagcagctgcgcgacgctcgaggtcgcaagctgcgctctgatgcagttgtaatgtgtggtaccatcttgaagcctccagctgcaatgatggcacagctgacaccagctgatcagcgccgattcctgaatgatgcaaacgagatttttgccgagatagtcggcaaagataacataaagagccgagctgaccactttgacgagcagggcggtcattcgcatgtgttctgggaaccaatgacgaaggacggcaggctctgcgccaaagaagtgcataatctgcagttctttggtcgtgtaaaccgagagctccctgcgaagctccgggagcgaggttgggacattgaggactgcgagtgctacgatgctgccaaagagcagtacgagcaggtgatgaagcagtccggcaaaaactctatgacttataagctcgaagccgagatgaagaagcaagagctcttaaaagacatagagcacattgagaacgtcataaatgaccattctggcgacgttgagaccattcgagaggtaaaggctatcgaaggacgcacaaagccctctgggggcttttttgggcgttctgagaccgttaaaattgataaggctgattatgacaagctcgttgcttcagcaaaggctggagctgcagctcattcagagaacattgttttgcatcgaaactatgatttacttcaagaccgatatgaccgcttaagcgaaagctacgataagcttcgaggaagcgttaagcaaaaagacgaagcatacaaggcgctgcagcaaaaagagcaggcttcaattttcgagagcataccgcttttaggaaggctctttacattgctccgggaaatgcgccaaaggatgcgagacgactttttgagagacacaattaaggcagccgagaagataatcgagcgagagcgcgatgctattaccagagagaggagccggagccgatga
>gene_40515|Site-specific recombinase, putative
atggaagcatccaatcctgtactgacagttgcccctttgaaggaggaaacagaaatgttacgggcaactgataaaatcacagcactctattgccgtctatccgtagaggacaaggaagagaagaaggacggcaaggaggacttgtctttttccatccagaatcaaaaggctatcttaatgcaatacgcaaaggagcagcattttccgaatccgacctattttattgacgatgggtacagcggtacgaactatgatcgccccggctttcagaaaatgcttgcagagatcgaggcagggcgggtagccgtctgtgttaccaaagacctgtcccgattgggaagaaattcctcgctgactgggctgtatatcaacttcacctttcccaagtatggcgttcggtatattgccattaccgaccactttgacaccatcgaccctaacagcacagactacgatattgctgggattaagaactggtttaacgagtttttcgccaaggataccagccgcaaaatccgggctgtgcaaaaggctaagggtgagcgtggtgttccgctgaccaccaatgttccgtttggttatctgaaagacccggcggacaaaaccaaatggattgtggacgaaactgccgcagcggtagtcaggcgtatcttcaaactgtgcatggaaggacgggggccgatgcagattgcaaagctcctgcaggaggaaaaggtactcaatcctactgcatacaagcgcagggcgggcatcaaaacgccaagccccgaaaccgccgatccgtaccactggaacaccaacaccgttgttcacattctggaacggcgggagtacacgggctgtacggtcaatttcaagacctacaccaattccatctgggataagaagcagcgggaaacgcctcttgaagaacagaccgttttctacaacacccatcccgcaatcatcgggcaggaggtctttgacaaggtgcaggaaatccggcagcagcggcaccgcagaacaaagacgggaaagagcagtctgttttccgggttagtctactgcgccgactgcggagcgaagatgcgttattgcacgaccaactactttgagaagcggcaggatcactttgtgtgcgccaattaccgcagcaacacgggaagctgttcggcacacttcatccgggcggttgtgttggaggatttggtctggctgcacatgaaagctgtaatccactatgtgacacggcatgagaagcacttccgggcggttatggaacacaagctccgtctttcgagcacggaggcgatccacacaagccggaagcggctgatgcaggcggaaaagcgcatgacggagctggacaacctgtttatccgcatgtatgaggataatgtggcagggaagcttgcggatgaccgctttgccattatgagccggaaatatgaggaggaacagacgcagctcaaaggtgagatgaaagctctggaacagcaaatagaagtacaggaacgacagattgagaatttagacaggtttattcaactggtattcaagtatgaggaattgcaggagcttacgccctatgctctgcacgagcttgtcaaggcggtttatatcggagcgccggacaagagcagcggcaagcggcggcagaacatccgcatttcctatgatcttgtgggttttatcccgttggatgaactgatgaaagaggaaacggcatga
>gene_6528|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaacaatatcaacccacaatggatctacagtacatcaatcacacaatatacgcgcagagaaagtagtatccaaggaagagcatatcgaccctaacggaatacacgaaacatggatacatgaacctgtaagagaagcatatcatagattatttgatgaatcagtagcaagatataatgcaaaacaaacaagaatagatagaaagatagatgactattataacaaggtaaaaaaagataaaaagcagaatcctgcctatgaaatgataataggaatctatggacaagactgttctgcagaaacaggtaaagcaataatgcaagagttcgtacaaggatggcagaaaagaaacccgaatcttgttcttataggggcatactaccacgcagatgaacaaggagaacctcatgtacacattgactatgtacctgtagcacatggatatacaaaaggaatggatacgcgggcaggtcttgtaaaagcactagaagaacaaggcttcacaaaacaaggtaaaatcacagcacaaatacaatgggaacatagagaaaataccattcttgaaaaactctgcaatgaaaaaggtatccttgtagaacatccaaaagaagaaggaagggttcatgtagaaacagaaacctataaagcagaacaaaaattaaaaaccttaaagaatgaaatagaagaactctcccaaataaaggaaataaatgaaaaagaagttatttctcttgataagaaagtatcagagaaacaaacccatattggtgatttacaaggacaaatagaagaagctaaggatggtcttgtaaaactacaaaatgaacttaaagaaaaaacctccctggtagaaaagctagatgattctctagcaaacttatttacaagatttaatgctgcctacaggagaataatactgatatataaccattggtacgaaacaaataaagagaaatatatggaactcgtaaaaagaacagaagaaccaattggaaaggcaggtatttcaataaatactctcatgaaacacacaaaaaaaattactcgtggaagtgaaagaataactccggaaataacagaagaaattgataaagcaagagaagatttatctactgctacacaagaaatagaagatattgaagaagaatatgatgagagatag
>gene_37447|RelB antitoxin
atgtcacaggcagttaatgttaatttcaagttagacgcagatgtaaaaaagagcatggaacaggcgtgttctgaattaggtctttccatgagtgcggcgttcactgtgtttgctaaaaaagtaggcagagaaaagcgtattccttttgaggtgtcggtagacccgttttattctgatagcaatatccgttatttggaaaatatcgtgcgtgatattaaggacggtaaagcccatttc
>gene_51197|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgggtaagaatgtaaagaaacgtaattgggcgtttgttctttatcctgaaagtgctccggaagattggcgtgatagacttcaacaaactggtttacaatgtgccattagtccgttgcatgataaagacattaacccaactggtgagcttaaaaaagctcattaccacatcattttgtgttattcgggtccaacttcttttaatgttgtgaaagacctttgcgatagcctaaatcaa
>gene_6689|Mobilization protein
atgatatcttactcatttcacttgtctgcaaaaggacacgctctctccacttgtaacaaaatcaaacaagtttcaaagcataatcttcgggcatataagtcggacgattatgataagtctcttaatgtcattttaaggggttcagaacgctcgatattggacgatgtgaaagagatataccataacgagtttgatgacgctatgagggcatataacgagcgtacaagggcagacagacggattgacaactaccttgaccacatatcagagggtaggaacgatgtagcctgtgaactgataatacagattggcgacaaggactattgggctgataaatccaacgaggataaacgggctatgatatcggtctttgatagacaggtgtcaaagttggaagaactgctccctaatttcaagatagcgtctgcggtagttcatttggacgagagtagccctcacattcacatcgttggagtaccggtggttgagtgtgacagaggaatggaaaaacaatgtatcaaaaccaaagtctttacgaaagagagtctgtcttatcttcaatcggctatgagagaagacgctgttgaacagatgaaagacattgatgaaacggtagtatttaaggaaaaagagcaaggacgtaacaaggatattccgaaatacttaatggacgaatataccgacctaaagaataagatatctgaatgtagcaaagagttggacggtctatatggcactcgtaaagaactgaatatggaactccaaaaccttaaagcggacaaaaatgatgtctataaagagattgagaaactgaaaatgcagaatgtggcactcatctcaaataacaactatatcaagtccctgtcgccctctcaacaaaaggggattctggatatgatactcgaaatgttgggattgaaggaaaagacacaggacagagaatgggcgaaagtcaggtcaaataatgtcgttatccaacagaactgggaaaagatacacaactactacgggacgatttcccagatgaatgaccgcataaatgaggtcaaggaacagaagaatattgtacaagggtctatagactctacaagtcaaatacgcaaggaaacccgtgaagaattaaaggatttatacgaaagagaggaagacgattatgagcgatag
>gene_22355|Mobilization protein
atacagattggcgataaggattattgggctgataaatcaaacgaggataaacgggctatgatatcagtctttgataggcaggtgtcaaagctggaagagatgctccctaatttcaagatagcgtctgcggtagttcatttggacgaaagtagccctcacattcacatcattggggtaccggtggttgagtgtgacagaggaatggaaaaacaatgtatcaaaaccaaagtctttacgaaagagagtctatcctaccttcaatcggctatgagagaagacgctgttgaacagatgaaagacattgatgaaacggtagtatttaaggaaaaagagcaaggacgtaacaaggatattccgaaatacttaatggacgaatataccgacctaaagaacaagatttccgaatgcagtaaagagttggatagtctatatggcactcgtaaagaactgaatctggaaattcaaagtctctatacggacaaatctgaagtctataaggagattgagaaactgaaaatgcagaatatggcactcatctcaaataacaactatatcaagtccctgtcgccctctcaacaaaagggaattctggatatgatacttgaaatgttgggattgaaagaaaagacacaggacatagaatgggcaaaagtaaggtcaaataatgctgttattcaacagaactgggaaaagatacacagttactacgggacgatttctcagatgaatgaccgcataaatgaggtcaaggaacagaagaatattgtacaagggtctatagactctacaagtcaaatgcgcaaggaaacccgtgaagaattaagggatttatacgaaatggaggaagacgattatgagcgatag
>gene_22352|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgatatcctattcatttcatttatctgcaaaaggacacgctctctccacttgtaacaaaatcaaacaagtttcaaagcataatcttcgggcatataagtcggacgattatgacaggtctcttaatgtcgttttaaggggttcagaacgctctatattggacgatgtgaaagagatataccataacgagtttgatgaggctatgagggcatataacgagcgtacaaggtcagacagacggattgataattaccttgaacacatatcagagagtagaaacgatgtagcctgtgaactg
>gene_43249|Replication-associated protein G2P
atgaacaaccgccacatacgcgccccccgtggcgaagtgcagggttggtccgaaggggccacgcgccgcaatacacagttcctcatgagcgtcgttgaggaccggctgcatggtgccgggatggcggtcacgctcacgcttcgggaatgtccggaaagcgcccaggactggcatcgtgtccgcagggcgtggatcaaacgcatggagcgggccggtatggtccggcttcactgggtc
>gene_29764|MobA/MobL family
cccagggcgctattcttcgatgaagagggaaagaggcgttataagaaggctgagattctggatgacaccggggagctgcgccctggctgcaggatcgtgaaaaagggcgaggtctatgagcgccggtgcttcagctccgttgaccagaccttcagcggcaagggatggctgcgtgatgccaaaaaggactggctgctgccgctccggaacggtgaactgaaaggcgatgtcgagatctcactgtacagtaaggcttccgggaaactggctcagcagcatgtgggcaaggtaaaggatgttgattctccggaggcgcaggagaaagtcgccaggatccgggcctacaatgagagtgtccgggagtacaaccgcatgattgacgccgatctgatccctgctccggtggcagatctgatccaggaaaaggtaaaggccacgccggcacagccggcgaaaaacagcctgctgcagcagctgactgactggttaaggctattcatgaagctgtggaacctggatttggaaagacggcactatgaaaggcagggccagaaactgccgattgaccgtaaaattaaaatgtcccaggagcgcagtgccctggaaccgggatggaaacagtccatgctgtttattggccgcctggactggcgcctgcaggaggagatggacaaagcctgcggcaccggctatgctgcagaggccaaaaacaagtactttgagcataagccgagtgaatttcaattctaa
>gene_8796|Replication protein repB
atggcaagtaaaaatgcaaaaggtgagagctacggaaagggacgtacacgcaattatgcgaccgttgtttaccctgaaagcgctcccgaaaattggcgtgaaatcatttcagagtcaaaggtacctgtctttatttctccacttcatgataaggacgttaatcctacaggtgaacccaaaaagccacactatcatgtagtggctatgtatgagagcgttaagcgtgaagaacaagct
>gene_52275|Putative replication protein
atggcaggcaaaaaatcaactggaggactgcccaaagatggacgtaccagaaattggacattcatcgtatacccggaatcagctccggagaactggcgtgatattcttgacgaatttcacatcgaatgggtggaaagtcccctgcataaccaagacgtgaatcccggcaccggagagctcaaaaaagagcattggcacgttcttgtgatgtttgaaggcaagaaaagtcatgagcag
>gene_17630|initiator RepB protein
atgccgagaagaaaaaaacttcctgacctgcccgatttagtcgaattcaacgaactatctcagaacaactatgtgcagaagcagaagtctttgatgatgcttcaggataacgctatccccttatcttccctgaaaatcatagacacctatctttcaaagctcgataactttctcgaagcggagctgacacctgaaggtaaagcagaaaagatactcagccaaaagaagattcacatctgtggcggagagctggagaagtctttaggtgttacacaaatacaccgcaaagctctgtatgaccgcctgaagccgttattgaccccgatcgatacgaacccaagcgacgaggacgatatccttgccgttccacttttcaagagaatcaaggcacatagggaaaacggatattggaatctcgaacttgaaatgaccgaagatgctgaggagcttatctttataccggagcacattcacttccttcggtatcgtctgctaaatgttgtaaatctgacttcccgatatgcgtatttcctctatatgtacctcgaaaacgaacgctttaagcatacggattggcgcatacctcttgatgaactgaaagagattctcgggtgtgccaaccaagcaacataccaacaatttagattctttaatacgaagatactcttagcatcacagaaagagcttgccgagagaaccaactgccgattcacgtatgacacggtgcgcaaaggtcagggcggaaaagtctttgcgataacgttccaccttgaacccgaagttgaaactaagtatgtaaaggaactcgaacagatatcctttgatgacctcatcgatgcggacgaaccgatagatattacgaccctgaccgaagacgagcttcaggcggtctcattgcttcgcctgaaggtcgataatccgctgatctcgaaactgtccgacacaacgatagcagcatgctaccgagagcttgataacaagtacggacagtatagcggagattatcagaagccaatcgattatgatgccgaccaatttaccaagattctggataaggtgagagccgagatggaggacaagcagatgaacggcgaacccgaaatcaagaatctgaattcgtatgtcaggcaggcgaccctgaatttttggaaagaggggaactga
>gene_5193|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggaatttggaaagacgggaactgtaacgcatgacccgcaaaaatatagtcggtatcatgatttgcgattgtataaggatggggaatggccagagcatatcgacagaagcagaactgaaaacaatgtgatttttgcatccaaaacgttagaagatgtttatgtggaactgtacgataaatcggtcgaagattttaatgcaaaacaaacaagggatgaccgcaaacgtgccggcggtggattgggttatctgaaagagctgcaggaaaaattaaaaaatgcaaaagaccctgacaaggcaatcaagcctgcatttcagcttcatattgaagtaggggactggtatgatacatcgtatgataatgctccggatgatgcaaaacaagcagagcagattttaatggaatattgggatggatttgaaaagcgtaatcctcacatgatggtggcgtgggcggtattgcatcgtgatgaatcaaaaccgggaattcatgcaacaatggttccgtggtgtaattcgtatgttcaaggtatgcctgtacgtacatcaatgtccggggcattggaacagcagggatttgtggatgaaaaaaatagaaagagaaaagaaaaagatacagcctgggagaggtggttggaatcagaacgtaaaacgttggaaaatattatgcgtaagtacggattaaatccgatacgaaaaaatgatgaacatcgggaaaaattaacaaaagcggaatataaaagcagggaacatgcgattaacgctacaatcaatagagagttggaaaaggttatttcttccccgcttgtaaagatgcctaaagcggatgggttgctgggcatggtaaacaaacgtgattatgatgcattgtacaatgattatttgcgggttggtggtaaagctagagcagctcaggaacttatccgcaggaccgacaaaaaacaaattgatagtttactgcaacagttagagttatcacataaaacgcaggaacggttacgggaacttattgaccgtatggaaaaagaaatcgttagagaaaaagtaaaaaatgatgaattgattgggaagctgaaccttttacaaagtgcaaatgtaaaagatttgactccggaacagaataaagccgtcaatcacacaaaaggtcataaccgcactctgtaa
>gene_16728|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atggcgcgaaagaaccagcttatcaagaaagaggacacggcaagcctgtccaatgtacttaacgaaatgttctatgaggaaaaaatgaccttgcaagagcttcgttttttccttatttatctatcgaaaatcaatccgaaagagccgaataagacggaaatctccttcaccttggaggaatatgccaaccttttgggtgtcgagttaaatgagaaaaccatcttggcagtcacccggaagttgctgcgctacgtggtctgcacccgtccgaaagtgctggatgaagacattgcagagcagtatgacttctgccagcttttcagcaagagcaccatgaagcgcaggaagtcagacaacaagtggtttctcacctttgcctgccacgacatgattaaagagcatctttttgacctcaaggccgaatataccagccttgaagtctggaacatcgtcaatctgagcaactttcaggatgccaggatgtatatgctcctgcgccagtaccgcaggatcggggagagaaccatcgatctgaaggagctgaagaagatgctgggtatcgatatcaatgcttacccagaatacaaggtattcgcccgtgatgtccttaagaaatgccaaaaggcattgaagcagaacaccgatatttgcttcgatttcaatgccgtaggccgtccggcaaaggccgtacacttcgatatttacgagaataagaactataagcttcctaaattccttgaggaaagcaaggagctggaaggccagcaggccatcccgggtgtcatcgatgccccgcttgctcccgaagatgatcctgaatcagccgattatgcccctctgttcgatgatattggcgaatctgtcccggcgcaacctctcgctgctgatggctgcgtaccgaccgatcctcgccagctcaattatacgacaccgcattatctctaccttgccggagcctgcgattatgaattcaaggaatccgacattaaggagctggacaccatcatgtatgatagaggaatgcaaatggaggatacccagttcgactttctacgcaagaagtacgtcgagatggttgctgcctacaaccgccgccagaacacgagccgtcctatccgagaccgctataaatggctgaaatggctggttgaaaataccgattga
>gene_43513|plasmid replication protein, partial
atggcccaccttgacaaccccgacaaggtgcagtatagcaccaccgacatcattcctcatggaggatttgacctggcatctgccctggctccaacatcagggcagcgatataccctcatttccgaaatgctcacctgggcccgggaaaatcgggttgacgagctccaggatctgattgactattcgattgctgagcgacgtgattggtttgaactgctctgtgacagttgcgct
>gene_37559|RelB antitoxin
atggaaatggggaagttagttgaagttacgctggagatcgatgcggagctgaaagaacaggcagaaaaggtctgcttggaaaatggcctgactttggaggaggcgacggttttattttttgaggaaaccgttcgcctgggtaggttcccatttgagcttgacgaggaactgatggagtacatagcaaagcagccagacacacccgccagcgatagtgcggggagtgtgaaggtatga
>gene_35975|RelB antitoxin
atggaaatggggcagttggttgaagttgcgctggagatcgatgtggcgctgaaagatcaagcggaaaaggttcttgcagaaaatgggctgactttggaacaggcaacaattttattttttgaagaaaccgtccgccttgggaaactcccttttgagcttgatgaagatctgaaacaatacatagcagagcagccggacacaccagccagcgatagtgcggggagtgtgagggcatga
>gene_34323|Plasmid replication protein Aci 4
atgaaagatttaattgtgaaagataacgctttaattaatgccagctacaatcttgacctagtagaacaacggttaattcttttagcaatcattgaagcccgtgaaagtggcaaaggtattaatgcgaatgatcctttaaccattcacgcagagagctatatcaaccactttgatgtattgaaaaatggtgcttatcaagcactaaaggaagcctgtaaggacttgtttgctcgtcaatttagttaccaagaacaaagaggaaaaggcatagctcatattacctcacgttgggtttctcaaattgcatacatcgaaaaaacggcatctgttgagttaattttttcacctgcaattatccctttaataactcgactagaaaaacaatttacgagctatgaattagaacaagtaaaagggctttccactggctactccattaggctttatgaacttttgattgcttggcgtagtagtggtaaaacaccaattattgagctaagtgagttcagagaaagattgggagtattagaaagtgaatatcaccgaatgcacgactttaaaaagcgtgttttagagccatcattaaagcaaatcaatgaaaatacggatattactgtcaaagaagaacagcacaaaagaggacgtaatattattggtttctcattccgatttaaacagaaggtacaacccaaaaaacaacaaaaaattgaccctaaacgagattcagacacacccgatttctttattgaaatgaccgatgcccaacggcatttgttcgcacacaaattatctgaactgcccgaagttggtagcgaatatgcagagatcggagagtcagccgaagactttacgaaacgccttgccgatatgcttttagagccaaaaaaattcaggatgttttacccgctactggaacagctcggctttggttctaagaaaatcccatctgcaccaccccaacaggtcgataaacctaagtttattgaattgcgaaatatgcaagtgaacagcttgtcgttcaatatgtcccgtgacaagaaattcgctcacttaaaacaggaaaatgaatctccagatgattttatgcaacggcttcgcatcatactaaaagacccaaaacaacagattcaattttatgactacgtaaatgcaaaaaagtag
>gene_40956|Toxin RelE
gttgctttgaagcaactgcggaagttggacaagacggctcaatccgcgataaaaaaatatatgacggaagtctcaaaactggaaaatccgcgcgacagaggaaagcgactcaatggcaatctggctgaatattggagatacaggacgggagactaccgcattctttgcaaaatcagcgacaatgttttgacaatctttgtttttgaggttggaaacagaaaaaacgtttatctttga
>gene_4351|Chromate transport protein
atgaaactattcacgacattcttcagaataggactttttaccataggtggtggatatgccatgattccgctcatcgaacgagatgttgtggagcgtaacagatgggtagataaggagatgtttgtcgatctgctctcggtgtcgcagtcggcaccgggtgtatttgctgtaaatatctctacatttatcggctataggcttcgcggattgggcggttcggtggcgacaaaagcgtag
>gene_16634|Replication protein (Fragment)
tatgtgaacttcaaagacttccgaagatacatcctggaagttgcaacgaaagaaattaacttgtatacagatatagaaatatcctgggaaccaattaaaaagggtaaaaaggttattcaagtcaagtttgatattagacaacgtgacacatggggcagatacattgccagcagcaaagcgtcagaccaaattgaggggcaaatatcgttgttagattacgaatattataagtaa
>gene_1332|Replication initiation factor superfamily protein
atggaaaactctggaatttttgcaaagatcgactggtatagtgcagtatttcaaacttgttcgatcaatgacgtgcttgcatttcttcatattgagcacgagacggatgatttttttgagcggtctttttcgcgcgctttaggttatgatacacaggtaacgtattcttttgatggtgtttctattgctgtttcttattcattgataaatcatttttctgtagatctcagtaatagtagtgtgttcgacttcattttcgaccgtcttcgtcttgatatttccggtaccggattggattccatgcgtcagaaatggattgatatgggtgccgagccgggtacctttgatgagtatcttcgtaccgagccggagctcccgcggggacggatgcacgtaacgcgctgtgattttgccttcgatctgatcgactataagccggagttccttgataccattattgctcatttagttgattgtgactataagcgtgtaccgattatgcacactcaaggcggtttgaattattccatccgtaccggtgatcagaagaccgtatatctcggttcgcctcgttcggatcgtatgctgcgtatctatgataagaagatgcagctcacggatgacgacggtgtgtggctcaaagcggtcgatcacgctgactgtgattcctggatccgtatcgagctgcagacaagaaacaaaatcgcccatggcctttgtctcggcgagggcgatttcacaagtatttttcgttatatttatgagacttattgcttcagggattattcgtatgagtgtcacactcccaaacctgtagcattctgggacgatttgtttgattgggaaaatgctcccccaattatacaaaatttgcagtttgctataatcgtgccagtagccgagaaggcgcaccggtttgttatgggtactgcttacaaatccatcattgtagaaattgctactaaaggcttgtggggctttatttcttgcattgttggtcagttagtagatctccaaaaggatgatgatttgtccttcgatcaacgaaaacggctgcagggaataatgatagccttgaaagctgctgcagatcaaaagcctttgtctacgttgcccggattgaaaatcgaaaacggtattcttaaaattaaaacattataa
>gene_17373|Rep protein
atcttgaaaggagcacgtctggatttatatccggcgggctttaatatgctccggtgtagtcgaggtgtaaaaagaccggcagaagagatgatgacccaatttgaggcagaaaaaaaggtctcgggtgcgaccaagacctttgagagtgccgttaagctgtccgatactgctaacgacttcgagtgcattattatcaaggagcattataacaaaatcagaggaaaaatgcaatag
>gene_41170|Addiction module antitoxin
atggcattgacggcgacgacatcattcaggacaaagcctgaatacatcgaaagggtcaaaaagttggcgaaggacacgaaccgaaccgcagggtatttttacaacctgatgcttgaagagtatcttgaagacatcgaggacatttacaggtgcgacaaaatcgaggaaggtctgcgaagcggaaaaataaagaccattcccgccgaaaaagtgtatgaggaacttgggatttga
>gene_40953|Addiction module antitoxin
atggcattgacggcgacgacatcattcaggacaaagcctgaatacatcgaaagggtcaaaaagttggcgaaggacacgaaccgaaccgcagggtatttttacaacctgatgcttgaagagtatcttgaagacatcgaggacatttacaggtgcgacaaaatcgaggaaggtctgcgaagcggaaaaataaagaccattcccgccgaaaaagtgtatgaggaacttgggatttga
>gene_43193|Replication initiator protein
atgtctatcaatgacattctcgaagagttggaacaaagacccataaaacgttatgtcttcataattcacgataaagacatactcgacgatggaactcacaaagaagaccacgttcacattatgatggaattgcaaagtaatcaaaaagcggaagacattgcaaagtggttcaatgatgaaccgcaatacattgagaaagcaaagaccaaaggaaagtttgcatataacaatatggtcgcatatgcattccacttgaccgagagttcaaaagaagacggaaaatacaaatatgaaactgataaagcacattgcaatttcaatgtatcaaaattaattgagataattgaaagtggagttcaagaaagtttgttgaaagaaaaagaaagacaagatattttcaacaaaataatgaacaatgaaattatgcactatgagttaggaaaatatttcactgacgcggagtggttaagagaatataaaaaaatagaaacttgctacaagataagaaatgacaagttaaaacaaaaattagaagaggacagggaaatgcaagtaatatattttacaggtgaagcaggaacaggaaaaactacatatgcaaaaatgatagcgcgtggctttggatatcactattacataacaagtagtggagccgacccacttggagaatatgacggacaagaatgtataatcctagacgatttaagaaaagaaaatttcaagtatagcgagttattaaaatttatggacaacaacactcactcatttgttaagagtagatattcaaacaagtgtccatataattgcaagttattaataataacctcaatactagacccgcaagaactatacaaagaatatcaaaacgaaattagttcagaagattcaatggaacaattatacagacgtataaaaacactcgttaaattcacgaatgataacacgttagagttatatgactataacaccgaaaagcacgaaaaaggggacgaatttgtcttaaataacacaataaacaaccctgtgcaaaaatatgtcgaggcaaaagaaaaattgcctcgcataactgatgcattaacgaacataactctaaatgtattctcaaaagttaaaagcaatgatatagaaaaagtaatgaacgaagacgaggtgccttggtaa
>gene_14133|Rep50
atgagtgaaaaaggaaaagaaaaagatactcgtgttcgtaattggactatttgcgtttatcctgatagcgctccaactaattggagagatatcattgatgaatggcatattgaatgggttgagagtccgttacatagcgaggatataaatgagagtgataatacccaaaagaaaccacattggcacatactgctaatgtttggtggtgtaaagtcatacgaacaagtggtg
>gene_15604|Mob14-2
atgaaaaaaatagacgataaagtatatataaaaaaaggcggtgattatatgaaatgtgctccacaaattcttgggttggtaaggcaagattatccaaaaggaaaacatcgtgcaaacggtaaagcgatatgccttgaagcaggaaaagaaagaatttcacaatctaatacactcaataaagatttatcacatttcaatagatatggcggtcatgattctggaatggaaaca
>gene_1578|Putative plasmid replication protein
taccagcattttagagaaaaagtattagataaggcgatagaagaaataaataaatacagtgataagaaaattacttatcagcctttaagagttggtagaagaataggaaagatacactttacaatatcaagcaaagagacaatggaaacattaaagataagagccgaaatagatagagagatggaatttgaccctaatcaatacagcctatgggataaggtggagagttaa
>gene_54673|Replication protein
atggctggctttattccttctgtttcccgtgacggggacttacgtgtttctgattatacttatcgagtgggcttggggtttacacatgatactgtgcctgatgagttgtgggtgttttggtatgaggaaaagaatagtatactagagtcttcctttggtaaggaagtacactggaaagatttttattcttatttatttcctttgggtaccttacaaccatacaatccttttatagatgaggacggcataccacataaggagaataatgcagagaatacctataaacggaaaatgcggtggattgatgcacgttctgagggcaagggaaatctagtgatagttagacaagatgtgtacatgaaagatggcgagccgaagataaagagaattccgtatgttgtatatgatgggcagtatgaagattttgcatatagtcttaaagcaacggaaaaatgtttggtatctcctgtatcttattttggacgaagacagacaaaaaaagcatcccatgaagtgtttgctattgtcattgatatagactatgttgtaccggagcatttggaaaatctaatttctatatgccgtaatgaaggacgtattcaagaattgccttcgttttttgtgaatagtggtagaggtcttcatgcttattttttattgaaagagccagttcacctctacaattacgcaaaggaggcccttacgacactgaaaaacaatcttgcggattccttctggaatgaagccacttcccttcgtccgtttaaggtagaccacggaagtatcgtgcaagaattccgtgcagttggtagtcggacgaagctgggggcagattatactgtaaaagcatatcagtgtcatcctgaagtgaaacgcttcactctggatgaactgaatgctatgtgtacattcgataaacgggaaaaaatggatgtatcaaagattttcacttgcgtagatacgaaacgatatgacaccacaccactcgaccaggcaaaagacctctggcctgagtggtacgcatccatgattgagaagtatggtaaggaagaaaattttcctacaccgttgccgaagtccaaagaatatccgtatcatttcgttatgccaagaaaggtttttgatgatgctgtggaaatggcaaaagaacacgtttttgtcggtggcagatataacacgctcagaacaatttgtgccctcggtatcaagtgcagtgactatgacgagaagaagaatccgtatccagtcacggatgaagaaatccgaaaagcggtatggtcactctatccgatttatcgggatatgggaaagagcaaagcagacgcttttaccaaatccgatgtagaggatgcacttgctatgcttgatgatgaatcggatagggaacttggacgcagaaccaagagagcatggatagagggaaagactgctattcgatttaaagattccatccatcgaaaaggaagaaaacaggaagtgcatcttcgaagaatccgcagagaccaaaacgaagatgacccaaaaggaacatggcgaaataaaaacggaaggccagtcggttccgtcatgaccgagacgagagcttcgaaaaaaattctggaatggcggaagaagaatccgaacggacggaaagcggactgcatccgagatacgggattgacaaaaccgaccgtctataaatggtgggattcaaaaattgactaa
>gene_40498|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
gtggttactgatactcattgtaaacatcctctgaaaggttttcagattggattgactgatagcggtaagccgaattataagattacatcatacgatattgactatgtggcatataaaaaatttccggatggtaaaaaagctatatcttgtcacaaaggtgatgttgtccacgtgcccggctattttgaggtatctcattttattgaaattccgtgtggtcattgtatctcgtgccgcttgcgtcgctctaaagattgggcgaatcgtatgatgcttgaagctcaagatcatgattctaactatttccttacgcttacatataatgatgctcatctacctgagcctaatgtgatttgcgatgctgatggtgcagtgcttggtagatctccagtgcatcctcttgtattgcgtgatttacaactttttatgaagcgtctccgtaaagctttctctggacagtctatccgtttttatgcttgtggcgaatatggatctaaaaatatgcgtcctcactatcatcttatattgttcggtcttaaattgccggaagatgatttgtttgaaccggaccctcggtattgccgtcctgttaatgatttaggacagagatatttttggtctaaaacaattatgaggttgtggtgtgatcctcatgttattccctttgatacttttgctgatggatcttacgactatatgcatcctgtaggttcttatggtatccatactataacgtcggtatcgtgggaaacctgtgcttatactgctcgatatgttactaagaaattgtacggtgatgatgcatctatttatacggatcttaattatccggcggaatttgctgtgatgtctcgtcgtcctggaatcggatttaattattatgaccaaaacaaagataagatatatgattgcgatgagattattttgcatcttggcgcgaaaggagcgcgtaaagtgaaaccgccaaaatattatgattatttatatgatcttgactatccggatgaaatgactagaattaaggtaaatagagcagatgttgctaagatgcatcagtatcttaagtcccgtatgacgtcaaaggactatatggagcagctgcgttctgaagaacatagtttaattgatcgtactaagatattgaagcgtggattgttatga
>gene_9357|Replication protein
atgaaaaaaaagaaatacgaaatcgtctccgataccgaccacctgaaagaaagcgaaatcgtgaaaacacttgaaaaatcgcccatctcgcgatatgcgtatgtgttgcacgataaggacaaacacgccgacggcacgaaaaaaaatccacactggcatattctcgtatggctcccgtactccgtcgacagtcgctatgtttcgaactggtttggagtaagcgaaaacttcgtgcaatcggtaaagtcagacgtcggcgcccttgcgtatctcacgcatcagaacgcgccagataaataccagtacggctccgatactgtaaaatcgaacttcgacctcgacgaggaaatcgaaaaggaacgcggaaaaatcgaaagaaaaaacaggctcgacgaaatcatcacagggattgacgatggaacaatccgcgaatacgatttgtacaaacacgtcacagcgtatgagtattacaaataccgccgagcaatcgaaagcgcgtatagttttaggaaaatgcgacttcgggaggttgaacgagaaatgaattgtgtattcatcacaggaccaagcggatccggaaagaccacatacgcgaaacgcgttgcatctgatcgcggaatgtccgttttcgtgtcgagtggctccaatgatgttctcgacggatatatgggacaagagtgcattatcctcgacgatttgcgcccgtcctgtatgggtctgtctgacctgttgaaaatgctcgacaacaacaccgcgtcgacagtaaaatcgcggtatttcaataaagttttggaatgccggctgattatcattacaacgacgaaaccgattgaaacgttcttctcggaagtctttgaaaaagaaaacgaaagcgctattcaattgatgcgccgttgcactgttaaaatggagtttaccgctgattatatcgtgacgtatgcgtggaatcctgtaaagcagacgtatgtacaactgatgaaaacgccgaatatcgtactcgctgaactcggtatccgcgactatacgaaagaagaggcaatcaatatggttgctgacgttctcggtcaatcagccgatgctttgaaagaactcgcgcagaactccgccgattatgaacaactcgacggacaagtagaactgtccgatatgccgttctga
>gene_17333|Putative mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgaagaaaaaaagccaatcaataaaaggcgccgcgtgttctaacacgcgagcttgtaatgtgggttattctgattcgcacaacctccgtcaaagccccacaagcgaaatcagtactaacccaaatacaaacatatacacagagttgagtgaagaaaatactacctggatagacccaagtgttcctaatttaagaacacttgataaatctattcgccaggactatgcccaaactccacgatacaaagaataccccaaaggcagtgggcaaatggtagagtattttcgtgaaatgcccagcaagggcaaaaccgcttcttctcctctcaaagaaacaattttattattacctcataatgaaaaaaaaaccgatgaaatggtgcaaaatttcatcgccaggtgtgaaaaagaatttggggtaaagtgtgtaagattttttgttcatcgtgatgaaaaatacacgaacccagatacaggcgaaacccatattaacaatcacgctcatatagtttggaacttttataactatcaaaaacacgaaataaataagttagacaaggaacaaatgcgtctgatgaacgattgggcaagcgagtacacgggaatgcaacgagggcgtgatgcaaggcagacaggggcagaacacttgtcggttgttgaatataagaataagcaagaacaagaaagagcagaacgtctgcagaagcagaaaaacaaggttaaagagaagatatgggcaactctttctggaggacaaactgaaatagaagcaaccaataaacatataatagaagaaaacacgaatcttaaagcagaattaagcgatttaaagagttctttgattcgtactaaagaacaactgcattttactgaagaagaccttgcagacgagaaaaaagaaactaaaaaacttattctacagtatgagaataagatttctgttttacaaaatcaacttacagaagaaaaacaacgatacaaacacctgtataatttaaccagtaaagcttttaaatcattatacacttcattttcttctcacccgaaaataataactctatttgatagcattttaggggcatttatagaaccatttaagaagcattgggagaaagaccaggcacaagtgcaaaaaagaaagaatggtccaaaattatag
>gene_27345|Putative mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgaagaaaaaaagccaatcaataaaaggcgccgcgtgttctaacacgcgagcttgtaatgtgggttattctgattcgcacaacctccgtcaaagccccacaagcgaaatcagtactaacccaaatacaaacatatacacagagttgagtgaagaaaatactacctggatagacccaagtgttcctaatttaagaacacttgataaatctattcgccaggactatgcccaaactccacgatacaaagaataccccaaaggcagtgggcaaatggtagagtattttcgtgaaatgcccagcaagggcaaaaccgcttcttctcctctcaaagaaacaattttattattacctcataatgaaaaaaaaaccgatgaaatggtgcaaaatttcatcgccaggtgtgaaaaagaatttggggtaaagtgtgtaagattttttgttcatcgtgatgaaaaatacacgaacccagatacaggcgaaacccatattaacaatcacgctcatatagtttggaacttttataactatcaaaaacacgaaataaataagttagacaaggaacaaatgcgtctgatgaacgattgg
>gene_53028|Replication protein
ggcaaaaatccctttgataactacaaggggcaaccgcaaatcattcttgatgatgcgcgttttgatggcaaggattggagcatagcggatttgtgcaagttgcttgataataacacggcttcccttgtcggtgctcgttattacaacaagaacttgcaccgttgcaccgctatcgtgcttacaagcattttgccgtggtcgcagttcctatctgaaaaaggcaagcaatacaaggaagatgccgagcaaatcaaccgccgtgttggaactgttatcgaagttcagtctcgtggctttaacgcaatcaaaaatgcgcttgcggttaatgtcgttctgcataaggcaaacggcagagattgcaagcggtcattcaagaaggatattcccttccccgatacccggggtggttgtgtttcttctgttctcgagcgcgttctcggtctttcgcctgatacagttcagccaaacctcaacatctaa
>gene_53026|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain protein
atgaggaaaaatatgcgtagttttgaactgtgccaacagttgagcgaaattgaagggggcattgagcgcatcaaaacccttttgaatttggcggggcatgattccgttccgcttttcggcaatatcgagaagtgggcttatatcgtccataaccgcgatatgaaacccgatggaagcgagaaacccccgcatcttcatttgatggttaaactcaaatctccatatccgcttgatagcatcgcaaggtcgtttgatgtcaagccgcaatacttcgagcgcatcaaggggcggtggagttctgcgcttgcttatcttacgcataagaacgctccgagcaagcatcaatactcgcttgatgatgtggtttgcaatttcgaaaaggaagaattaagcgaactcgtcaatgatgaagtaagcatcattcgccagccacgcaagcgagaaattttgcgcggcatattcaacggcgatttcgcagaatggaatcttgataaattcgtaaccggtgaagagtatacacaatggcgcaaggatatagaaaacgccttccgctattatgatacgcaacacgaaacgcaaaatagaattcttgatgtcgtctacatctacggcaaaactggaagcggtaaatcttcgcttgcgaagcatatgttcccggaagcatatgtatcgagc
>gene_56363|Replication protein (Fragment)
acattcagcaatgcaacgaccatcggagcggtagctaaagctctgaaagtcgagccccagttcgtgaacaagataaagcacaccgtcaagagtgcccagctgtatctggtgcaccgtaacgaccccgacaagtaccagtacgacccgcaggaagtcaaagccagctttgactatgaggaaatggcagacggttgcccagctctgcaacgcagagagctaatcgctgaaaagatagcaaagggagagattaaagagtacaacctcgcccgctacataaccgttgacgagtacgcaaaaaacaagagatattacgctggttgcttcgagtaccgccagcaagctatgaaaggactaaatcgcaatatggagtgctatttcataacaggagcaagtggcacaggaaagaccacttacgcaaaaatgctcgcaagtcaaaaaggctacgagtgttatatcagttcaggcggtaagaacccgcttgacaactacaagggagaagagtgcatcatactcgacgacacgaggagctcaagctggagcttgtccgacttcctcaagctgaccgacaaccacactgacagccttgtcggttgccgatactacaacaagagcatagccgagtgcaagctcctcattgtgacgactgtcaagagccttgacgacttctacgagcacgcaaccaaagaggacaacgagccacgcatacagctctatcgcagatttaagctcgtgcttaaaatgacagacacccagctcaccacatacagctatgtcgaacagcaaaagcgacacattgagctctttacggtcaagaaccctgtcgccataatgttcaacccagccgtagctcgccagacagctcaagatgtagccagagctctggggcttgagctcccgcaggaagttctgccagagtttatcgagatagaccccgacgacgatatcccgttttaa
>gene_56335|DNA replication protein, phage-associated
atgatgattgatgaaacttttataagttcagacttattttttaaccttccgctatctgcacaactgttatattttcatttgtcggtacgcgcagacaatggctattatattcataatccgctggcaatatgcagaatggttgatgcttctgaagaggactatgagctgttgcttgaaaaggagataatcgaaaaagcaatagattttggtatatatataaacaaataa
>gene_39559|Replicase A
atgagtttatcaaaaagaaaaatggataaattagacgatgaaaaaagaaaaataaataaagaatatctatccaataaagaatattctttaatcaaagcagaagattatatggtcataaaagataatagacttatacaaaaagcaacttttgattttacagaacttgaaatgaaatgtataaattatgctatatctaaaatgcaacctgataaaacatatacagaaaatgattttattgaattaagcataaatgaattatgtaatcttatgggaataaaagcagaaggagataattattataatattagacaagcattttggaatattcattgtaaaatgaaaattgtaaaattagatgaaaatactgatatggattttacttttttcaataaagtatatggttataaaaaaggtggaacaataaaagtatctttttataatgaattattaaattatttacagaaactcaaaaataaatttacagaatgggaattatattatactttaattcttaataaaaaatattctattcgtatgtatgagttatgtaagtcatatcagaatttaggacactttactttatatcttgataaaatgattatgaaatggtgcataccaaatacttatgattattatttgataaaaagaaaaataatagacccaagcataaaagaaataaacgacaaaacagatatacttgtatcaataattgacataataaaacaaggaaaaaaggttgtggcattagaacttaaaataactgataactcaaataaaagatgtatggaaatagaccaaaaaaaatcaaaaacaagtgaatggacagaagaagatgagaatgaattgaaagaattaaatgatttttggtatatatggaataatggtcctactactccttggacagatgaattagaaaaaaaacttgatagaacagaatatttgagaaatttaaaagaagaacaaaaatcttttatgaatgaaataaaccttatagatacattttatcaagaaaagaataataatataaaaaaacataataattataattatcataaaaaatctattgatgagcaacttgatgaaatttttgataatttagacccagaatgggttagaaagttggaagcaggagaattagatgatgaaaaccccttataa
>gene_54562|Replication family protein (Fragment)
atgccgaatagcgactttttccagttctggaatgaaaatttcttgaagagatccagttctgccgcgcaaacgaaatacgaaatcacatgtgaaaccaaagattttgaaagatatttccagtctttgtataatggatattatctttcctttcattctaaaaaattggttcgtgaacttttcccgttcaggcaagatataaattattgcaagtgcaatgctgttactcttggggaaattgtttccatggagaaaagcatcagaaccggtcgtgcctatttcggcggcatcattcattgtgcaaatccttttctttgtccggtatgtgctccgcgtattatggcgcgccggtcggcggaaatcgggcaggcggttcatgtttggaatgctgaaaatccggaacatacctgttttttgcttactcttacttttcagcattcattttctgattccctggatatgaaccttaagaaattcaagaatgcacgtgaaatgttttgggggcatcgacaagtaaagaaaatgttttcttcctgcggcagagcagggagaataacagcttttgaagttacctgttctcaagtaaacggctggcatccgcatgttcacattctggtttttgggaataaagctgtttttgatgaaaaattactttctgtaatatggctgaatgtcctgaagaaatgcggcttatctgggaaagaaggtcctgccttgaatctgatagaagcgcgttcctgcaaaaattatttgcagaagatttccgcagaaatggcattgtcgaattgcaaacagggcaggggcgcaagcagtttttcaccgtttcagttgctggcggaatatgcggatggtgcggaatgggcgggaaagagatttcaggaattattcaaagtctgtaatgaaatgcatcttcatgttctccagtggtcgaagggattgaaagcccgttttcatatcggggaagtcagcgattccgatattgtggagaacaataccgatgaaaaaacttttgactggtgcagttttggttcttttctgttccggcttgctacatggcaggaaaagtatctgctccggaagtacgccacagaaaataattatattggtttccttgatctgatcagggatatatccatcagggcaggggtgctgtcatga
>gene_55625|Replication initiation protein REP
atggataagaaaaaagcccccgaggactgccatccaagggagcacataccgcccaccacatcaaccacgactgacaggggtatcatcatgcatattatatcacaaaaaggcgagagtgtcaacgtctatacctcaagattggggacagacacagcccaaattctcatcaaagaagcggaaaaatggacgatgcacaaagaagctgctgctcgtatggcaaacaaactcgaccggatcaaggagcacgccagagcataccggatgcgcacgtgtgcttcggaagtggtctataatgtctgccagaactgcggccgaaagcacgtgatccacgccaacctgtgcagggatagattctgtccgctttgtaattggaggctttcaatgaaacgatttacttctatgatccaaatcgtagacggtctgcggcgcttatatccagaatcaaggtggcagtttgtgaccttgactgtggccaactgtgccccgatagatctatcggacgttatttccgagatgatgagggcatggaattgcatagcatccagaaagacattcaagcgtagtatcattggatgggcacgctccatggaaattacatataaccaggacacaaagaccatccatcctcacttccatatgcttttgttgtggcaggaaggatttgcccccacacagttcgtcacaagagaatgggtgaacacggtcaaaaggtatgctaccatggcagcccagtccgagcaggatgtgcagacacgccgacgcattaaagatgccattcgcgcaaatgctattcagaaccggaatacttccattgtggttgacgaaattcccagtatatacgaccaagaggaagatgatgctgcagctgtgcgggacgccgttttggagacgtacaaatacagcgtgaaaggcagcgatcttgaggaaatgccgctatgggtgtttaaagatgttgatgccgctatgaagtcccgccgccttgttgctttcggaggtgtcgtcaaagaatatgctgcagagattggggcatcgagcatggatcaagatggagacgaagaagacctggctgcctgtttcggatgcggttctacccggcttgttcacgtggtcggcagatggacaggtgacggttacctatggcgcagagatatttga
>gene_88|mobilization protein
aaaatgaacatcacagattatgtcattaccgctgcaaccaaaaaagagatgatcaattttgaaggtctggatgagatcacaaggcagataaaacgcctcggcaacaatgtcaaccaactgctcatcatggcaaggcaggatcgcatacagacagtaaacctgacgcagacgcaggaggaactgaaaaagatttacgaactgctgtcgctcacccttcgccggaggtga
>gene_17995|Mobilization-like protein
atgggtagaatttcaatgccgcagggcaaaggttcacagatgcacaacagacgtgaatattacaaaaacggtaaagatacaccactcaatattgacatatcaaaatcgtatgagaatgtcacattggtggatcgtgatatcaaagacgcatacagagaaatctttggagatgcgttacaatcatacaatgaacgtcaaaaacgttctgacagaaaaatagacgat
>gene_45102|toxin RelE
atggagaagctggacaggcagactgctaggagaatcacatcgaagcttggcgagatttcccgtctcgataatccgaggagcatggggaaggggttgactgggaacctgtcgggtctttggcgctatcgtgttggggactggcggatcatcgtggatatcgaggacgatgtccttgttgtgttggtcgttgacgtgaaccatcggagcaaggtctacaggacggtttga
>gene_28029|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggagcttcatacaagagcaaaagtcatctcaagaaacaaagaaaatccctcgaagagcagaacttgttgcggttctgcagcttaccgtgccggagagaaaattgtcggtgcagatggcagagaacataactacaccagaaagaacggtatcaagcacgccgagattatgctcccggcaaatgctccggagtggatgaaggacagacaaaaactctggcaagctgcagacaatgcagagaaaagaaaagacgcacagcttttccgagaatttgaagtcggggtaccgaatgaattttctgatgagctgtctgttgcccttgtcagaaattttataagacagaattttacggatagcggaatggttgcagactttgctctgcacgatccaaagtacaaagacggccacaagaacaagcacatacacataatgcttgctatgcgtgaggttacaccagaaggctttggaaagaagaatagagaatggaacgacctgcagcttgtcgagcagtggagagagagctgggcgaactattgtaattacgccctggagaagattcagagtgatgagtgcgtggagtatcagagctacgctgaaagaggcattaacaaaatacctcaagagcatatgggtgttgctgccgttgctatggaacgcagaggaatcgaaacagagcgccgcaagagattgaacaagatagaatacttaaattttcagcttgagagagccgaaagtatgacatctgatgtgatgttcagagcaagcaaacttgatgctcttatgtcgcaagctcacaatatcaacagtgcagcttacgaggctgctgtggttgctcggcaatcccagcaccaattaaaacttaacgccaaaacaaaggcgtctcttatgcccatatctcaagcttacaacaccatttctatgttgtccggggaacacgatttgaaagattttgaaagagaaagattacaagaggcgtattctttcctgcgccggaacggctacgatccgaccaattcagaccaggctctgaaggtcaagatacagctcgacaggatcagaaacagtaacagagaactgtcccagagcagagaaagggcaatgaacatcaaaacacaagcccgtgaagctcgatacggggaccgggaaaaccgataa
>gene_49344|DNA segregation ATPase FtsK/SpoIIIE family
atgatagaccccaaaatggtcgagctcggcgtgtataacggcatcccgcatctttacattcccgttgttacagaccccaaaaaagcagcaggtgcgctgcagtgggcggtcaccgaaatgctcaagcgctaccgcctgttctccgagcttggagtccgcaatatagatgcgtataacgagcatcttattgaaaacggacagccgaagatccccaacgttgtc
>gene_4412|MULTISPECIES: conjugal transfer protein
atggctttctttacttccgcaatctccgttctgcagacccttgttattgctctcggcgctggcctcggcatctggggcgtaattaacctgctcgaaggttatggcaatgacaaccccggcgctaagtctcagggcatgaagcagctcatggctggtggcggcgtcgctctcatcggcactgtactggttcctctcctgagcaccctgttcactaccacaccctga
>gene_18657|Toxin-antitoxin system, antitoxin component, Xre family
atgtattacaacgaaagaatagcatggataagagactgcaggagtatatcgcaaaaagaagtcgcggaaaaactaggaattaaacaacaacaatatgcaagatatgaaaaaggcgtaaatgtaatgcctataacatacctgaaaccaatttgtcaaatactaaatatatctgctgactacataatcggaataacagacgatccaaaaacgctgcagaaaagataa
>gene_56662|Mobilization protein
atggcatttagctatagtttccacttgtcgaaccggaagcactccgtatcgactacggcaaaggtgcagcaggcggacaaacacaacttacgaaaatttggcccagaacagcatgacattgtgcagctgcgtggcaaggaacagagcattctcgaagacgtgaagcggatatatcgtgaagagtttgacgagtgccttgaacggtacaatgcgaacaagaggtcagaccgtcagatccatgactacttgcagcacatttcggattcgagagcggacgtggcagcggaatttatcatccaggtgggggatatggagttctggaaggatgtaagccgggcagaacgtaaggagttgacgcctctcttcgaagaccaggtaaaagccctggaacgcctggttccggagtttaagatagcttctgcggtcgtgcattacgacgaagcaagcccacacatgcatgtggtaggcgtaccagtagcggacggttacaagaagggcatggaaaagcaggtggccaaaacgaaggtattcacgccggaacgcttgtcatttctgcaggacgaaatgcgcaaagaagtcgaggaatcgatgaagaactattcagaactgttcacggagcagctgaaggcgaaggaaaaaggccgtaataaggacatcccgaaggaaagcctggatgaatactatgcgcttcacagagccattgcggacattgagaaggacatagacattgaaatggaccagagaagcgatttaaaagccgaaaataacgttttaatgctcactaaggcacaattagaaggggagaatgtacggatgctcctagagactgccagagagcgtgagagcatacttgcccgtgctcgtgccaaggcacaggaaatcatggaacagttcggcgaacagattcgtcgcctgaaggcggaaatagagagcctgctgcaccgcaaagaaactctacaggaagagatagcgaacctcgaacggtaccgtgagcaggaattgtctatgagcgagcgcatgcagtacgccagagacaaagccaaattagacaagtatgagaaggttttgagtcggtctgaggaccttcagaaacattttaatgaggttgagaatatgggcaggaagctacaggatccaactaagttccggtag
>gene_15598|MOB protein
atggcatttagctatagtttccacttgtcgaaccggaagcactccgtatcgactacggcaaaggtgcagcaggcggacaaacacaacttacgaaaatttggcccagaacagcatgacattgtgcagctgcgtggcaaggaacagagcattctcgaagacgtgaagcggatatatcgtgaagagtttgacgagtgccttgaacggtacaatgcgaacaagaggtcagaccgtcagatccatgactacttgcagcacatttcggattcgagagcggacgtggcagcggaatttatcatccaggtgggggatatggagttctggaaggatgtaagccgggcagaacgtaaggagttgacgcctctcttc
>gene_15594|Mobilization protein
gaccaggtaaaagccctggaacgcctggttccggagtttaagatagcttctgcggtcgtgcattacgacgaagcaagcccacacatgcatgtggtaggcgtaccagtagcggacggttacaagaagggcatggaaaagcaggtggccaaaacgaaggtattcacgccggaacgcttgtcatttctgcaggacgaaatgcgcaaagaagtcgaggaatcgatgaagaactattcagaactgttcacggagcagctgaaggcgaaggaaaaaggccgtaataaggacatcccgaaggaaagcctggatgaatactatgcgcttcacagagccattgcggacattgagaaggacatagacattgaaatggaccagagaagcgatttaaaagccgaaaataacgttttaatgctcactaaggcacaattagaaggggagaatgtacggatgctcctagagactgccagagagcgtgagagcatacttgcccgtgctcgtgccaaggcacaggaaatcatggaacagttcggcgaacagattcgtcgcctgaaggcggaaatagagagcctgctgcaccgcaaagaaactctacaggaagagatagcgaacctcgaacggtaccgtgagcaggaattgtctatgagcgagcgcatgcagtacgccagagacaaagccaaattagacaagtatgagaaggttttgagtcggtctgaggaccttcagaaacattttaatgaggttgagaatatgggcaggaagctacaggatccaactaagttccggtag
>gene_6416|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcctaagacgattagctttcataacggctcttcgtggagcagaggacataacacaagagacgagaggtacaccaaagaccaggagcatattgacccgtcattgaccgccaacaatgccgtacttgttgacatacccgtaagacaagcctatgctgaaatatttggtcaatcggtagaggaatacaacgcaaagcaaggtcgagctgatagacggatagacgactactacaacaagataaagcaagataagcgtaaacaccccgtctatgagtgtatagtgcagataggtgacaggaacgacacgggcaattctgccatactggaacggcaagccctcgaacggttcgcccgtgagtggaacgagcgcaacccgaacttaaagctcatcggtgcatatatccacgctgacgagcctgacggcaccgtacacctgcactgcgactacatacccgttgcagagtgtaagcgtggtatgcgcttgcagaatagcttagacaaggctctgacacagcaagggtttaagtccgagaacattcatcagaccgctcaaatagcgtggcaggacagggagagagagagcttgtgctcaatctgccgtgagctgaacatagacgcacagcacagtcaaggcatatctgaggacagaggacacttgagcaagagggagtacatcagagctaaagaggagctgaacgaggagctgaaaccgctgaaacaggagcttgacgagtacaaggatatgcaacaagccgtcaagaatatcaaagccgaccgaaagaaaatcccctttagcaaacgtgtgagtgtcgatgtcgaacagctggaacagctcgaaaggcaagcgacagcatacaacgtgagcaagacggctattgacgaggcgacaaagaaagtcaatgatgaccgtgcaagcataagccgtattgcggaaacgctcaaagataagcacaagctgttgcaacaagtcgcccaggagcttgaagttcgtgaacagcgagtacagcaagccgaaaaggttcttgataagctcgataaaacagagcgtgagcttaggacggttaaagcggagaacgtgcagctccgcagacaagtgcagcagctcgaacgagagctgcacccacctaagagaagtcgaggtatggagcgatag
>gene_39524|Replication initiation protein
atggctctttatttgtcaagttgtgagatagtccaagagatagaatttcataattcaattaaagataaagcaactttagatgcttatctattaagtaaaggcaacgcatataaaagtataaaacaagcaataggaataattcacgataaagatatattagaaaatggagaaaataaaaaaatacattttcatatatatttaaagtttggaacaagtcaaagtgttgaatggatttctagtgtctttgaggttgcccctcaatatgtaaataaaattaaaggtaaatggcgcgatgctttagcatatgcaacacatttaaatagtcctaataaacataaatacgataataatgaattaacattgtataatatagatattcaagaatatgaaaaagaaattagtcaagttgatttagataaaaaaattattgaaaatgcattatatgattatggcaatttaaaaatgacaaaaagaaaattattaaatgaatttttaaatgatgcatcaatctatgcacgttatactaaattatataataaaatgactgattatagacttttgaaagtgagtgaaagacaaatggaagtattttatattacgggtgcaagtggaacaggtaaaacaacattggcaaaattcttaagtggcaattttaattttgattattttgtatgtggtagtggtagtgaccctttagatggctatgacaaagaagagtgtattatatttgacgatttaagaaacgatacttttacaagtgccgaattatttaaattgactgataatcacacaaattcaagtgtaaaaagtagatataaaaataaagatattagcaattgcaaattgctaattattacaagtataaaagaccctagagaattatataattggcaatttgaacaagaaccttttactcaatttgctaggcgtataaattattcatatcttcgcattattgataataaaatattgggtatgaaattagataaaaaagaccctttaatgggtaaaataacatatgatatatgcccttatgatatggaacaagtctttttggctatgaatattataagagatagtgaaaaattatttgatagtatattcagtattgattttgaaaaatttgggggtgctgataatgaaaagaaataa
>gene_54367|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
gctgtgcggctgtatcagcgcaccggagacttgacgcgcgtgcagcgggacttgaagcactgcagtcccgaggtcacgttgctatatgccatggctgacgaactgacggcgcggaagctggatgcgcaacgcgaccggtacaagccgaccgaaaagcgcaacaaatcggcgcaaacggctgaaaagccgagaaaagccgcgaaaagcggcgaaaaaggctga
>gene_20474|RelB/DinJ family addiction module antitoxin
atggatagagacacctacaatgcctataagagcattgttgcgagaggcggggaaaacgtaaagggcaatattgttcggtatatgaagagcgtgatccagtatgaaatgccgaacgcagaaacaatagctgctatccaggaggtggaggaaatgaagaaaaatccgtctctgtataaagggtataccgacgtggatgaaatgatgagggagttgctgttatga
>gene_28399|conjugal transfer protein TraA
gctatttatcacttagcagttaaaaatatcactcgtacccacggcgggaaggtaaactcttccgtcgccgccgccgcctatcgtgccgccgagaccattaccgatgaacgtactggtctcttgcacgattacacgcacaagaaagaagtcgtttacaacgaaatctttttgtgcgcgaatgcgcccaaagaatatgctaatcgcaccattctttggaacgccgtggagagcgtcgagaaagcggggaacgcccgcgttgctcgtgagtgggaagtggctcttcccaacgagcttccgcttgaagaggcgaaggctcttggacgcgagttcgcgcagagccttgctgacgagggaatgtgtgttgacctggctatccattggaagcctggcaaccaccacattcatattctcggcactacccgccccattaaagaaaacggcgaatggggcgttaaggagaagaaggtcatcaagctcgacgcggacggaaaccgtgttcccctgctcgaccccgaaacgggcgaacagaaaacccgcgtccgcaagggcaagggcgttgaactgctttgggagcgtgagcttgtcgaatgcactggttggaacaagcgcgagaaggtagacgagtggcgtgagcgttgggaaaacgccgccaatcgctacctcgaaccctacggtttgcgtattgatagacgctcctatgccgagcaaggcattgagcgcattcctacgaagcacgagggcgcgaaggctcgtcgccttgaaaaactgggtatcaagcagaaaatctgcgcctacaaccgccgtattgcggcttataacaaggagcttgccgctatcaagcgtgaaatgctcagtcttggtgcggagcttgtagccaaggcgaaagaaaaggcttcgctcgttgccgagcttgcccgcgcggccgtgccggttgtcgagttcgctggcgctcccgccgaactggcacagcctgcgcctcgatttggcgctgatagcgcccctcagagcgactatcaggctgataatcattctgagcgtgagagtgccttgtcgggcttcatggagcgtgtgaagggcagtctgagcgccgcccaagagaaagccgaggctcgtgccgccgagcgcgttgagcgacgcgctgcggctcacgaagcaaagcaacagcgtcttgccgagaaggaagccgcacagaaggcgacagaggaagccgcaaagcgcaaggttgaggaagctaaagctaaagccgccgcctttgaacaggcgcaacaagccgagattgcggcaaaagcggcgtttcgtcagcactgtatcaagcagtacgagcaagccgtcaaatgtctgcgtggttggtctactggcgaagctgagagagcctacaaggcgctgaaagagggtaaggaagtctaccccgtgctttattggaacgactcacataaaggctttgagaagtggtctgtcaaggtttttgacggcgcaaacgacgattaccgtaagcgtgatgagtacgcatactcccacgcgaagtcgctgatgtatcagcaagagtcaaggcttagtgctgacctcgaacgttcgggcgggttcttcactttggactccctcagagatatagagaggacggcacagcgggagcgtgagcttgctgaccgctatctacaacccgaacccaccaaaaacaaaggtattggcgactaa
>gene_95|replication protein
gtgaggaagtgcggacgcacccggcacgacgcccagggcgtcaccgtgcgcctgtctagggccggtgctgctggcttcgccggggtgatcacctgcgggtccgtgtgggccgagccggtgtgcaacgccaagatcatgacgcgacgggcgctagagatcggcgctgccatcgccctgtggcagtcccagggccaccctgtggcgttcctgaccttcaccatgcgtcaccggaagggtcagccgctggcgaccctctgggacgcgctctcgagtgcctggcaacgcacggtcggcgggaagtcctggcagcgagacaagaccgggcaccaggtggctggctggatgcgggtggttgaggtcacctggggccggaacggctggcacgtccacgtgcacgctctggccttcctagagggcaaagccacggactcgacggtggggcagctgcacgcctcgatgttcgcccgctggtcggccgcgctggtcaaggctggcctggcggctccgctcatggtcggccaggacgcccgcctcatctcgggaccggctgactcgggcctggcggcctacttcgcgaaggccaccgaccacgtggggcacctcgcgccgtcgagctcggctgccggggcatccgacgcccgcacggacgcgccagcggccggaggacgacggggcaccggtgccgcctccccggtcgccgggtctgacggggacagcgcccgggtgctcggccttgagttcacccagacccaggccaagaccgcccgcaccgttcacggcaccgtcacgccctggcggttcctcgatgacgtcgaagccggggacgccgacgcgctggaccgctggcacgagtgggagcagggatctcacggacgccgccagatcacctggtcccgtggcctgcgggaacggctcgggctccgccgcgatgccagcgacgaagagatcgcggcggaggaaatcggcaccagtgctgatgacctgctgctgatcaccgctgaggggtgggatgtgctgtgtcgcaacccttctcgcctggcggacgtactcacgaccgccgaaaccgccggcctgtctgggctgcgtggtctgctcgactcctggggtgtctcctacacctcggggccactggaaggggttacccgatga
>gene_53497|Protein rep
atgggaaaaaaaataaccgctccagtcagcaccagaacggataaaaaaataaaatcagaatgttataataacttaactcactctaattataacatatctgacgatgaaaacacaagactaacgtttggtattgaacatagagaagcagttgaaaatatacaacatgaattgacacagaagtttcaaccaaagaaaaataaaacataccctctcgctgactgttattttcgcattggtgaagataggagagcggaacgtgtaattaattgtggtacatatcttgaatttgtaagagaggataatttaagttcttgtaagcttaattcagctaatttctgtagagatagattgtgtcctatgtgcagttggcgaagaacatataaaatatatggtcaagtttctcgtgttatggatgttatagaaaatgattatgaattcatttttttaactttaacagttccgaacgttaagagttcagacttaccaaagaaaattgatgatatgcagaaagctttcaaacaaatgattcagtttgataagcgtataaaaaaaatatgtgctggatacttcaaggctctggaagtcactcataataaaaatcgttatagtaagtcattcgatacttatcatccgcattttcatgtgataatagcagttcataaaggatatttcagcggttcagactttataaaacaagctgattggttatcaatctggaggcgtgttatgcatgataactcaattacacaagttgatgtcaggaaatgcaagaatgtttcaacaggtgaaagtgagcaggcaaatagaagtatttcttctgcggttgctgaagttgctaagtatgctgttaaggactctgactatcttatcccttggtcacagactttgactgatagttctgttaagacatttttgtcttctttatcttctcgccgtcttgtttctttcggtggcattttctataaggttaaacagcaattgaaacttgatgatgttgaagatggtgacttggttcatgttgatggatataagttaagaaatgacgttgcattacagatatatcgctggggctggtcatgcggagcatataagctcatagcgattgaaaaaaaagaaagtgttctgattgaatatgatgaagaaaattga
>gene_27204|Protein rep
atgggaaaaaaaataaccgctccagtcagcaccagaacggataaaaaaataaaatcagaatgttataataacttaactcactctaattataacatatctgacgatgaaaacacaagactaacgtttggtattgaacatagagaagcagttgaaaatatacaacatgaattgacacagaagtttcaaccaaagaaaaataaaacataccctctcgctgactgttattttcgcattggtgaagataggagagcggaacgtgtaattaattgtggtacatatcttgaatttgtaagagaggataatttaagttcttgtaagcttaattcagctaatttctgtagagatagattgtgtcctatgtgcagttggcgaagaacatataaaatatatggtcaagtttctcgtgttatggatgttatagaaaatgattatgaattcatttttttaactttaacagttccgaacgttaagagttcagacttaccaaagaaaattgatgatatgcagaaagctttcaaacaaatgattcagtttgataagcgtataaaaaaaatatgtgctggatacttcaaggctctggaagtcactcataataaaaatcgttatagtaagtcattcgatacttatcatccgcattttcatgtgataatagcagttcataaaggatatttcagcggttcagactttataaaacaagctgattggttatcaatctggaggcgtgttatgcatgataactcaattacacaagttgatgtcaggaaatgcaagaatgtttcaacaggtgaaagtgagcaggcaaatagaagtatttcttctgcggttgctgaagttgctaagtatgctgttaaggactctgactatcttatcccttggtcacagactttgactgatagttctgttaagacatttttgtcttctttatcttctcgccgtcttgtttctttcggtggcattttctataaggttaaacagcaattgaaacttgatgatgttgaagatggtgacttggttcatgttgatggatataagttaagaaatgacgttgcattacagatatatcgctggggctggtcatgcggagcatataagctcatagcgattgaaaaaaaagaaagtgttctgattgaatatgatgaagaaaattga
>gene_2584|Replication initiation protein
atgggaaaaaaaataaccgctccagtcaggaccagaacggatagaaaaataaaatcagaatgttataataacttaactcactctaattataacatatctgacgatgaaaacacaagactaacgtttggtattgaacatagggaagcagttgaaaatatacaacatgaattgacacagaagtttcaaccaaagaaaaataagacataccctctcgctgactgttattttcgcattggtgaagataaaagagcggaacgtgtaattaattgtggtacatatcttgaatttgtaagagaagataattcaagttcttgtaagcttaattcagctaatttctgtagagatagattgtgtcctatgtgcagttggcgaagaacatataaaatatatggtcaagtttctcgtgttatggatgttatagaaaatgattatgaattcattttcttaactttaaca
>gene_2589|Replication protein
ccgaacgttagtggctcagacttaccaaagaaaattgatgatatgcagaaagctttcaagcagatgattcagtttgataagcgtataaaaaaaatatgtgctggatacttcaaggctttggaagtcactcataataaaaatcattatagtaagtcatttaatacctatcatccgcattttcatgtgataatagcagttcataaaggatactttagcggttcagacttcataaaacaagctgattggttatcaatctggaggcgtgttatgcatgataactcaattacacaagttgatgttaggaaatgcaagaatgtttcaacaggtgaaagtgagcaggcaaatagaagtatttcttctgcggttgctgaagttgctaagtatgctgttaaggactctgactaccttatcccttggtcacagactctgactgatagttctgttaagacatttttgtcttctttgtcttctcgccgtctagtttctttcggtggcattttctataaggttaaacagcaattgaaacttgatgatgttgaagatggtgatttggttcatgttgatggatataagttaagaaatgacgttgcattacagatatatcgttggggctggtcatgcggaacatataagctcctagcgattgaaaaaaaagaaagtgttctgattgaatatgatgaagaaaattga
>gene_29137|Toxin-antitoxin system, antitoxin component, Xre family
atggagcagacaactctttcaaaatatgtaaaggcgatgcgtaagcagtataatcttacgcaagtggagctttccgaaaagtcgggggtgggtttgcgtcttgttcgtgaattggagcagggcaaacagactttacgccttgataaagtaaaccaaatattgaatctttttggcagcgaagtgggtgttgtgccaattactaaaaccgatgatcga
>gene_13301|Relaxase/Mobilization
ttggcagtcacatcaatttggcccatcacgggcaacccggatggcgtgatcgagtatgccatcaaccccgagaaaacttccgaagaaagtcgggaggaaactgctgcgctccatgccatcgacaatgttgtggagtacacggcagacgatctgaaaaccgaaaaacggatgtatgtgtccggtgtgaactgccaaattccccatgccaaagaacagttcatggaaaccaaacgccgctttggaaagatggatggccgtacctgttaccacggctaccagtccttccgggccggtgaagtggacgcggataccgcacacagaatcggtgtcgagttagcaaaagaattatggggagatcggttcgaggtggtagttgccacccacttgaacacagaccattaccacaatcattttgtcatcaattctgtttcctctgtagatggcagaaagttcagcaaccgcaaaccggactatgcccgaatgcgggaagtgtcagaccggctatgtaaagagcatcagttgtctgtcataaaagacccccaatggaacggtaaaagctatgcagagtggtctgccaataagcatggtaaacccacttatcgtgatattgtcaaagctgatattgaccgggcaattcttgcatccacaaccatgcgtgacttctacagagtcatggaacagatgggatacacctttaagcggctcaaggaaaacgggcaacctctggcacatccggtagctttgccgcccggtgcaaaaaaaggtgttcgtatggatcgccttggtgaagaatacacctttgatggcatcacacagcggatactccgcaatatgcgaaagcgcatcccattcccggaagctgaaaaccgccgcttgggtaggtatcgctaccgtggtaactttaagaagcacaagaaggcaaccggccttcgggcactttatttctactactgctaccggttgaagatcatagtcaaacacccagcatctacgaaaaaggtgctgggtgttttgcgtgaggacatcgtgaagctggatcaacgaattgcagaaacccgctttcttggcaagtacaagattgaaaccgccgatgaccttgcaggccgaaagcagtatgcagataaccaaatccaagttctaaccgac
>gene_22442|Relaxase/mobilisation protein
atggcaacaattcaactaggaacgactggctcagcgagtcaattatgcaattatgcggaaaaaagagcgatagaaaaagacggttataatctcgatatagattatgcaaagtcgcaaatgaagcagacaagagaacttttttctaaaaatgatggcatacaagcacatcacgttatacagtcattcaaacctgacgaggttacacctgaaaaagcgaatcaagttggcttagaattagccaaaaaattagcaccaaatcacgaagttgcagtttatacgcatgatgacaccaaccatgttcataatcacattgtcattaattccgttaattttgaaactggaaagaagtatcaagcacatggaaaagaagctattgagcgtgctagatcattgagtgatgaagtttgtaaaagtcatgatttatcagttgtaaaggagcataacgctagtgttcgtcatactttggcagaacaacatttactagaaaaaaataaaatctcttggaaagatgaacttcgtgaagcgattgagtacgctcgagataattcgacaaattttgatagctttaaaaggcatttaaatgacgtttacggagttgaaacgaaattaaggggtaaaacccttagctttaaacatccagagcgtgaacgctttatacgagccaataaattgggtgctgattatgaaagggaggggttagaacatgtctttgcaagacaaattgaacgagaacaggaacatgagcgagctatttcaagaaacgaaggaactcaacgaactgatgaaaagctatatcagagttcacatgaacgaggaaatggcgaaagaagtcacgatacacaatcaattgaatcagattcaagaaaaatcggacaaagtcatgagcaacatgcaatcaattttgaacacgcaaggcaagatgttagaagaaaacgccgagaatttgcaagcgattttgataaatggacacgaggaaatggaaaagagcaacaacaagacggtcaaagcagttcaagagatgcaaaaatcgaacgtggaggaattgaatcagataaacaacgaaataagcacgagcatgacgaacataaagagaaatctcaacgaaacagtcaaaaaagcagagcaagagacgagggacttagtctctaa
>gene_49883|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgagcaagctggcggcgcacgtcgggcacttcaagcgaggagcagttgggagccttggggcgcacaactggtacaagcgaggagagcacgaccagcacagcaaccaggacatagacacgagccgcagctgcaacaactttgcgctgcgcttgccggagcaggggctttaccgggaggtaaagagcctggtcgaaggcagcaccgggcgagtgacgtcgaactcggtttgggtgagcgaatggatcgtgtatcctcccgaagagctgcaggatcctctgactgcagatccggaacgtctgaagcaatacttcggagacgtcctaacgtggatggacgagaacggctacaaggcttccttggcggtcgtgcatatggacgagacaaccgtccacatgcaagccgacacggtgccgttgaccgctgacggtcgattgagccgcaaggaagtttacacgaggaaggctctgaataacatacataccgaccttgcgaaataccttgccgagcgcggctgggatatccagcgcggcgagagcacgaaggataagcaagtccgggcgaagtcgacgccagagttcaagaaggacgccgagcaaaagaaactcgaagtcttgcgcgaggtcgacgagatagaggacgctctgaacgccgtaaacgagcctgtagcgagtttgcgagaggtcggagccatagacgatagggcgaaggttaaaaagcctctgtgggcgtctgagacggtcacattgagccgtgaggactacgacaagctgaagggtcaagccgaacacgctgcagccgcagacgtggagattgaccagctgcgccgaacggtcgacggacagcgcagcgagattgagcgccttaaccgtcgaatcgactggcttgagaagcaggcaaccaaacgtgcaaccgagctgaacgaccatatgaagcgtatcaacgagttggacgataagatctccgagcacgaaggtctgttgtcgcgcatcggcgactggatcaccggcaaaggtaagcagtggaagcaggagctcgacgacttgtatgacgaatacgagaaggagtgggaagcttggcaccgtgccggcaatgagatgatgagagccgacaacgctatccgtaaaatcgagcgagaacgttcaagataa
>gene_4869|conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggcaatttaccattgcagcattaaagtcggcagcagaggcgctggagcctctgcttgcggcgcggcggcgtatcgcgccgccgacaaagtacaggatcgcgaaacgggcttgacgcacgattacacgcgcaaggccggcgtcgtgcatgatgaaatcatgctttgcaaaaacgcgccggaagaatatatgaatcgcgaaatgctttggaactcggcgcaagccgcagaacggcaagagaatgggcaatattttcgagaagtcgaaaatgcacttccgcgagaaatgtcgcgcgatcagcaaatcgaggccatcagagaatattgcaacgaaaacttcgtatcgaagggaatgtgcgttgattggagcctgcacgacaagggcgacgggaatccacattgtcatataatgctgacaatgcgcgggattgactcgaaaggccgctggatgccgaagcgccgcaccgaatatgcgagaaacgagagcggcgagaaaatccctatccttgatcgaaacggaaagcagaaaatcggcaaaaatgggcgtcggatgtggcagcgaatcgaaaaagacgtcaacgactggaacgatccgaaaaacgcggagctgtggcgcgaagcgtgggcgaaaaaatgcaataaatatctctcagaagatcagaaaatcgaccatcgcagctatgcgcggcgcgggatcgagcacataacgccgacaaagcacgaaggctttgccgctcgcgaaatcgagcggcgtggaggcgtcgcccaagtatgcgaagtcaaccgcgagattcggcgaatcaatgcggcgcggcaggcgctggaaaacgagcgaaacggcataatcgtggacctcgaaaaagcgcgccatgaacgcgctttacgacggcatcacgaagagattcaagcgattaaaaactacggaggagataaaaatgacattacccgcaaacaaaattcacctaatagatccagagacactgaaaggaatacaaaccgccgccgcgcagaaaattatgttcgacgcgccgacaaatccggcgctggaagttttggacgaaatcaaagacgaagctttgaagattttggatcaaagcgttatttgccggacgtgtccttcttcgatgtggatcagaaaacgtcgcgagctgatttgttattgtccgcagctcaacggaataacgtggaagtcgtcggccccgagggaatgcgagatcatggtgtgcagcgctcgacaggagccggaggcagagccgtcgacggaaagcgaataaaggacatcataacgcgtcgcaaggccgccgaaaaatcggcgatcaaggagcaatcggcgcggatcgaggcgaccgcgagcaaaatctccgaaattaaggagaaccgcgcaagctcgcaatcaaaacaggcgttgaaagctggtatgaaagcgcttgagacgggcgtggatctggccgtcggcgccgttcaaaagatgttgcccgatgatcaagcgaagctggtcggcgccgcgacacagatgataaagtccgccatgaatcccgaaaacctattgcctcataaggccgtcgcgaacgcattcaagatcgtcatgcaggcggcgaaagccggggacaaagccgcgaaagcgttcctttcaaatcccggcgccctgccggatagcgtccggggcaaatgggagtggctctcggagaca
>gene_51053|Mob protein
atgccttcagtaatgcagcgagtgggagttcctaacccacgacacaaccatgacaaagaatacagaaagtttctggagaatgtcgatccagagctgacgaaatataatgaatcaatatgcagtaagagtgtagaagagatctatcaagaatatctgcagccggcttttgaagagtttaataaacgacagaagcgaaaagacagacgtttagatgttaaatataactgcagtacatatctggagtatcagagagctttagataaactcgcaagggaatctgataatgttattgatcagaaaggaaaaccaccaatcagagagattgtgtggcagattggcaatccggagcaaggatttggatgtgcaaatcagactccagagcaaagagcttttgcaaaaaagcttctgctcgaagtacagcaggaagctgaagctaaatatccgcaatttgcgtggggtgataaagacttccatgttgacgaggtaagtgtggatgcagacgataaagagcatggaacaatgcatttgcacgcttcatttgttccgttatgctatcaaaataaacaaggtacagccgttcaggtggcttttgagcgctgtttaaaagaaatgggttataacaccttccaagaatggaaacacagcttagacgagcttatggagggcgttctgaagcgtcacggacttgaaagaacatatatggataatcatgagagtcatacagactcaaaagaataccatagacagcagcaacttattagacagactaaagagttgtctgcagagttggaaagaaaacaacagcagatagatttaattcaaaacatttctgaatataaaaatactgcagatagtgtcagagaggatattttattacagcagcagtccgtatacgagcttgagagcgctcataaaatctttaagggttccgaagctgaaaaatggatagaacgcatgagagggcttcttatgaagcttagaaacagcacagagaagcagctcgacaaaatgcgttattttgaacagcagaataaaattccaatcgaaaaacgtcaatctgttgagttagaaaagcaaattagatctgcagaacttgataaaaaaattggatatgaaaagactataaataaagacgaatggagcttataa
>gene_19445|Addiction module toxin, RelE/StbE family
atggacaagcaggcggcgcgcaggattagggacgagctttcggaaatcgcgaagctcgaggacccgaggagcaggggaaaggcccttacgggcaaccttgcgggggtatggcgctatcgagtcggggactatcgaattctgtgcgacatagaggacggcaggctcgtcattctcgttgtcgatgtagcacacaggcgcgaggtctacaggcgcaggtaa
>gene_6104|MobA/MobL family protein
gtgcagtcagtcgagaacaaatccgactcgcgccttgctcgcgaatttgagttggctctgccgctcgaatgcagtaaagaggaatggatagagatcggcagagcatatgctgctttcatgacggaacagggaatgatagctgactggtctattcatgatcctgttaataaagaaacaggaatccgtcagaatccgcatatccatatgatgtgtactactcgacctatcacagaaagcggagagtggggagcaaaggaaaagaagggatataagctcgatgaaaatggcgagcgcatcccggtaattgatcccaagaccggagaacagaaaatcggtgcaagaggtcgcaaaatgtggcagcgtgaaatgatcgatgcaacaggctgggatagcagagcgaaggtttttgagtggagagagaagtggagtgaggttgtaaatgcacatttagaaccagagcagcatatagaccatagaagttatgcagagcagggtatagaccttattccgactgttcatgaaggatatgcagctcagaagatagataaagagcaaatgaaggaaacaggcacacatgcggaattagttcagaacaacatagatataagggaacagaaccgcattattcaacttatgaatcagatccgacaggagatcttgaagaaggcgagggctatatatgagcgaattaaagaacttgcaggaattagagaagttattggatcaaatggaacagagcttgctcttgctccagcaggaaaatcaggaattgaacgaagaaaacgagagattgaacaaagagaacgcgaagctccttcagtatttgaaagagctcgggaagtaataaatacgagaataagggaagattcgaagaaggaggttaagactgatgatggatcagaacagcttgccgaacttatcaagagaaaaacagaaagagctgctggaattagcacaacagcaggcagaacagttggatcagatgcagcaggagcaggaaaatctactcttgaagaactcagagctcgagcaagagctgcagagagcgctcgagaagaacgtgaagctgaacaggagcgacttgctgctgaaagaagtcgagagaaggagagaacacgcaataagtatagaggtccaagtctctga
>gene_42944|Rep
atgtgtgcttggagaaggtcttacaaaatttatggtcaagcaagccaaatcatggatgttattggtacacagtatcaattcctgtttctgactcttactgtacccagtgtacaaccctctgacctttccaaaacaattacaaggcttacaaacgcatggcataaactactgatgctccgtcctgtaaaaaaatctgtcttaggctattttagagcgttagaaataactcgtaataatatccctcatagtaaatcctacggcttgtatcaccctcactttcattgcattcttgcagtgagcaaaagctacttcaagcagaaatacatttctcagaacgaatggctcaatatgtggaggaattcttatgccgaccaaaccatcacgcaagttgacattagaagggctaaagataagcttttatctgacgatatttctcaagctgatactctttcttgccttggctctgccgttgctgaaatcgcaaaatatgccgttaaaagtagtgactatctctttgaggataatagccaaacagatgatattgtatcttgcctttcttctgctttgcatggcagacggctcactgctttcggtggtgttttcgccgatacacttaaagccttaaatcttgatgattgtgaggacggtgaccttgttcaccttgacgaaaaactcaatacttctctctcatggatgatattccggtatggttggtcagccggatgttataaactgcttgatacctataaggaggatacttctgctcatgtttga
>gene_33590|protein rep
atgaataaagaaaaaagcacctccgaattgccgttcggaaatgctccctcttgctctgttgatgctcaagttgctactcttgacatgaacaagcataacacaatatatacaggctgtcaagtagatagcttatataataatattagcctgcttacagaggaaaacgaacttgtccaaaaatttaccccgaaaaagcagaacggacaacttctttctgatagttacaaaaggctacaacttcacaaaaaggcaaaccgtgttgctgaatgtggtacactgcttgaatttgctcacgaaatttatactgacggttctatctcgtctgacggtaaacttcataaggctaatttctgccgtgatagactttgtcctatgtgtgcttggagaaggtcttacaaaatttatggtcaagcaagccaaatcatggatgttattggtacacagtatcaattcctgtttctgactcttactgtacccagtgtacaaccctctgacctttccaaaacaattacaaggcttacaaacgcttggcataaactactgatgctccgtcctgtaaaaaaatctgtcttaggctattttagagcgttagaaataactcgtaataatatccctcatagtaaatcctacggcttgtatcaccctcactttcattgtattcttgcagtgagcaaaagctacttcaagcagaaatacatttctcataacgaatggctcaatatgtggaggaattcttatgccgaccaaaccatcacgcaagttgacattagaagggctaaagataagcttttatctgacgatatttctcaagctgatactctttcttgccttggctctgccgttgctgaaatcgcaaaatatgccgttaaaagtagtgactatctctttgaggataatagccaaacagatgatattgtatcttgcctttcttctgctttgcatggcagacggctcactgctttcggtggtgttttcgccgatacacttaaagccttaaatcttgatgattgtgaggacggtgaccttgttcaccttgacgaaaaactcaatacttctctctcatggatgatattccggtatggttggtcagccggatgttataaactgcttgatacctataaggaggatacttctgctcatgtttga
>gene_42143|Putative firmicute plasmid replication protein
atgagtaaaacagatttaacttatgttcaaaatacacaaacacttgttggtacgaaacgaaaagagctaatagatacagaatcaggagaacttatcacagtagaccaaatcacaaagagagtttacggtaccaaaaacttttggaaatgctatttaatggactttctaactgttttaggaattattgacagtaagcaagttgatatatttatt
>gene_26245|recombinase
atggctgaaaagacggtatcattcccaaaagggaagggtagcatagcacacaacaatagagagtttttgacgagcaacattgatgctgataggacgcatctgaacatcacttatgtatgcgaaccgttggaagtggcatacgaaaaatgtttcggttcggctatcagagattacaatgcgagccaaaaaaggagcgacagaaaaatagacggtgtggaagggtatatggacaaaatccggacttccaagaatggcgaaaaactgttttatgagaacataatgcaagtcggtaatatgtttgatagcggtatattgtctgatgcgtcatcagaagtctgccaagagattttggataggtatgccaaggagttccaagagcggaacccgaacctttatgtgttcaatatggttttgcatttggacgagaaaaccccacatctgcatatcgactatattcccgtggcaaacggttataagaacggtatgcaagtccgtaatagtcttgataaggctctgaaagagcaaggagtggacggagaagccaagagatttgataatagcactattaggtgggaagagcgtgaaaaagaccgtgtaggggctattatgaaggaatatggcatagatagaacccccgacaagggcttgcacaggaagggcatgaccttagagcagtacaaggcaactgctgaaatggtggcgaatgagatagagatgctccccgatacagtagccaccaaaccccacattcttgataagtccaaggttatcgtagacaaggacgagttggcacggttggaaaaacgggcaaagttggttactgttctggaagaagccaagaagggatatgtgaagggaaatgatatggcagtgatgttggattatgtgattaccgagaaccataggctagaagaagctgaaaggcgtttaaaggctcatatagagcaagaagcgaataaactgtcagcagaacgcctagaagccttaaatagccaaattagagtttatgagagtgaaaatatagcactcaagaaaacactctctgaaatggcgaatatggagcttacagacggtgttcgtgttggcgacctatacaaccaactccaagaaaaaaagaagtctgcatccaaacaagtcgatagatag
>gene_15221|recombinase
atggctgaaaagacggtatcattcccaaaagggaagggtagcatagcacacaacaatagagagtttttgacgagcaacattgatgctgataggacgcatctgaacatcacttatgtatgcgaaccgttggaagtggcatacgaaaaatgtttcggttcggctatcagagattacaatgcgagccaaaaaaggagcgacagaaaaatagacggtgtggaagggtatatggacaaaatccggacttccaagaatggcgaaaaactgttttatgagaacataatgcaagtcggtaatatgtttgatagcggtatattgtctgatgcgtcatcagaagtctgtcaagagattttggataggtatgccaaggagttccaagagcggaacccgaacctttatgtgttcaatatggttttgcatttggacgagaaaaccccacatctgcatatcgactatattcccgtggcaaacggttataagaacggtatgcaagtccgtaatagtcttgataaggctctgaaagagcaaggagtggacggagaagccaagagatttgataatagcactattaggtgggaagagcgtgaaaaagaccgtgtaggggctattatgaaggaatatggcatagatagaacccccgacaagggcttgcacaggaagggcatgaccttagagcagtacaaggcaactgctgaaatggtggcgaatgagatagagatgctccccgatacagtagccaccaaaccccacattcttgataagtccaaggttatcgtagacaaggacgagttggcacggttggaaaaacgggcaaagttggttactgttctggaagaagccaagaagggatatgtgaagggaaatgatatggcagtgatgttggattatgtgattaccgagaaccataggctagaagaagctgaaaggcgtttaaaggctcatatagagcaagaagcgaataaactgtcagcagaacgcctagaagccttaaatagccaaattagagtttatgagagtgaaaatatagcactcaagaaaacactctctgaaatggcgaatatggagcttacagacggtgttcgtgttggcgacctatacaaccaactccaagaaaaaaagaagtctgcatccaaacaagtcgatagatag
>gene_3661|Toxin-antitoxin system, antitoxin component, ribbon-helix-helix domain protein
atgagagatgaatacaacatcagtgaactgaatccaagaaagaacccctatgcgagccggctaaagaagcagatcaccatcaatatcgatggcagcaccatcgactacttcaagtccctggctgaagctaaaggcattccctatcagaccttgatcaatctctacctgagagactgcgccgataaccggcggcagctccagatgtcctggcaataa
>gene_27142|Replication initiation protein REP
atgtataataacacaaaaaaacaagaatgtcaagttgaaaaagaaataaaaaagaggtttttacctcgtaaacaagaaagtttgttactttctgagagttacgctcgtattggttgcgattactttaacaatagccttgaagttgagggcaacgcatatataaaacgtgctgagcgtgttacagagtgtggcacattcttagaatggggtagggctataaacgacgaatacaaactgcacaacgctaatttttgccgtgataggctttgcccaatgtgtagctttaggcggtcgtataagatatttagtcaagtgtcttccgttatggacgttatagaaaatgaatataattttcttttcttaactcttaccgtgccgaacgtgtacggctgggagttgtcaaagaaaattgataaaatgaataatgcgtttactcataaattacgtcgtcaccctctttttaaaaaagttgttaaaggttatttcagagcgttggaaataacccacgacaacgagccgaacattaccgccaaaatgtataacaagaaaaaggaatactataaccgtcaatgtctgagcgttggagatgtcaacccaaactataataaattccacccgcattttcattgtatacttgctgttgataaagactattttaaggcacataacggcaaaaagtatataaagcatgatgaatggcttcagatgtggcgtgacgctatggacgaccaaaccattacacaagtagatataagaaaatgtaagccaaaaggcgagaagctgacaaaaagtgagtcacaaacatataaaagtttgtcctctgcggtgtctgaggttgcaaagtatagcgtaaaatctgacagttatattataaaaaataatgaggagcttaccgatgaaacggtcaag
>gene_33803|Replication initiator protein
atgaaaatgagattatgtgagatagtgcaacaattagagtatgttaatatggatattgtaaagggtgcattagatagtaaaaagggtataagagattatgcgtacataatacatgataaggatgttgatggtgaaggaaatttaaaatctccgcatatacatatagcattaagattaaataatatgtacgatagtaaatacatagctcaatgg
>gene_56289|Mobilization protein
atgatcaaggtagcatacacgaatcatattggccatggcgcacatgatgacaatgccaaaggtacagacatagcttgtgctgcagatctgtccggagtagaaaagcacaacaaccacgattacacccaggaagatatagaccggatgcaatcttctatcaatctggaattaaaaccatacaacaagcagtttgaccggaatctttcggaagtagaccacctggagctcacgcaagctgtgaaacagatctaccacgaaaagtttgatgcagccgttgaagaatacaaccagaagcagcagcgcaaagaccgcatgatcaatgactattttgaaaaggtttcggaagacaaaaaaaccgacctggcggttgagggaatcattcagatcggctctgccgagaactggaaagataaaaccctggaagaaaaacagaagacgctgccgatctatctggatatccttaaagagatgctccgggaaatcccaggcttagaacttgccggagcaagtttccatatcaacgaaagtagcccccaccttcattgggttggtgtctgcgttgatcagaaagaacacaagcgcggtttgcgttgtcgaagcagcagatctgcagtattaacccaggaagtcctgggcgatattttacagaccgccatgcgtgaacgcatggaaagccaggtcaagaaagtctttgattgggaatttgaagataaaaaaaccggaagaaacaaggatttatatataaacgaatataaaaaccttattctgcagcaagaaaaccaggaattagaaagaatcaataaggaactgcaagaaaatatcccaaaacagatagaaattctggaaaaaaccgtagaacgtgccgtagatccattgaaagaaattgaaaaagactatgttcctgatcaggaaaagagagattttgtagaacattgtttaaatcaatttaaaggggcaatagagcctatctatgcttattgcatgaaattataccgaaaatgggaaaatgaccgcgagaaagcccgaaattcggcttctaagcagaaaatagcattgaacactaggcttgaacaaataaaatctcaaattccggcaaataaccaagaaaatctgcagcagaaatcaaaatccgaacatgaaagataa
>gene_22292|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
gagggagtgagaagggctcaggcaagcggaaaacaagtaggccttgagtctggaaggaaactgacgacaaagaagagcatagaagccaaagaggttatactgaagcactcaaaggactttggcggaactctgactgatatggaagtcatgaaaatgactggcttagcaagaaacacattttacaagtacaaaagggaacttagagaagatcagtaa
>gene_874|Replication protein repB
tatgagcagattagtgcagctgataaagatagaatgctcaaagaggttatcagtttaattcgtgagcagaaaattgataattttgcagtacttatgtatatggttactgataatctcggagatgagtatatcgaaatcttcaaaggctattcggggttattgtatcgtctctgcgatgggcagtaccagctcaataagaggggcgaggggtactaa
>gene_44655|Putative replication protein
atggctaagagttacagaacagttgagattatgaacgatatcgaacacggctttacaatggacgttgtggcgtctatattgactgattgggcggttgtaaaggactatgcgtatatattgcacgatagcgatataaaggcggatgggacgccaaaacgcccgcatattcattgtatgatacgtttcaataacgccgtgccgtctgtcgctatattggcacgtgtaaaggctattacggggcgtgacgatataatcaaggatgaacacctacagaagtgctatagatggacatctgcggttgcatatcttacacacgaaaacagacccgaaaagcatagatatagccgtgatttagtagtaagcaactatgatttcaatgatgatattgatgcgggcgttgcgggcgttaaggacgtaagatggcaagagattgcacatttgattgatacagaagaattaagagaatataacataacagattattgcacactattagaatacacgaaatataagaaacagattaatgatgcgtttgagtatgtatatagcagaaaagcaaaggagattaacagaattatggacgtaatgtatattagcggaacagcgggaacgggcaaaactacatttgcaaagaaatggtgtgaaaaagctaatatgtcctatgtggtatcttctagcggtaatgaccctatgcaagactacaagggtcaagacgtgcttataatggacgatttccgccctagcgattggcgtatggctgacttgctcaagctacttgataaccatactacatcatcagttaaaagccgttatcacaacaagtatatgtgttactgtaagcttatcataatcacgtctgttataccgcttgataaggtatggtcaaatttagctgataaggatgatgcattaaaagaacccgtcaatcagttattaaggcgtgtgtctatgtctgcggatgttaccaaagaccgcataatgcttactattggcgaaactgtaatgacacttgctaaccccgcccagaagctagatgatagcgaacagaaacgccgtgctatagagatggctaaactagcgggatttactgttacagatggctttatggcggttgatgatgcggatgatgacgggtcgccgttctag
>gene_43820|Putative replication protein
atggctaagagttacagaacagttgagattatgaacgatatcgaacacggctttacaatggacgttgtggcgtctatattgactgattgggcggttgtaaaggactatgcgtatatattgcacgatagcgatataaaggcggatgggacgccaaaacgcccgcatattcattgtatgatacgtttcaataacgccgtgccgtctgtcgctatattggcacgtgtaaaggctattacggggcgtgacgatataatcaaggatgaacacctacagaagtgctatagatggacatctgcggttgcatatcttacacacgaaaacagacccgaaaagcatagatatagccgtgatttagtagtaagcaactatgatttcaatgatgatattgatgcgggcgttgcgggcgttaaggacgtaagatggcaagagattgcacatttgattgatacagaagaattaagagaatataacataacagattattgcacactattagaatacacgaaatataagaaacagattaatgatgcgtttgagtatgtatatagcagaaaagcaaaggagattaacagaattatggacgtaatgtatattagcggaacagcgggaacgggcaaaactacatttgcaaagaaatggtgtgaaaaggctaatatgtcctatgtggtatcttctagcggtaatgaccctatgcaagactacaagggtcaagacgtgcttataatggacgatttccgccctagcgattggcgtatggctgacttgctcaagctacttgataaccatactacatcatcagttaaaagccgttatcacaacaagtatatgtgttactgtaagcttatcataatcacgtctgttataccgcttgataaggtatggtcaaatttagctgataaggatgatgcattaaaagaacccgtcaatcagttattaaggcgtgtgtctatgtctgcggatgttaccaaagaccgcataatgcttactattggcgaaactgta
>gene_41202|relaxase
acaaagctgactgatctggagcaggtgcttatctacgccgccaacaaagccaagacgctcgacgaaggcgagcagagctacgccgtctccggtgtgaactgtacgcccgatacagcgatcaaggaaatgactgctacgcagaaacgcttcggcaagaccggcggaaacgttgcctaccacgcataccagtcctttaagaccggtgaggtatcggcggcggagtgccatcagatcggactggaaacagcgcggaggctctggggtgacaactatcaggtgcttgtggcaacccatttcaacacgggtacctaccacaatcactttgttgtaaactccgtcgggatgtgggacgggcacaagctggaggcaaaatacggtgtttattatcagctccgcgccatgtcggaccgtatctgcaaggagcacggtctgtcggtggtaaagaacccgcagaagcacaaaacggcgcgttcagtctattttgccgaaaagaacggcgagcccacccgcttcaatctgatgcgcgaggcactggataaagctatgacgatgacttccagctggaacgagctttcaacggtgctgcggaagatgggatatatctttgaaagcggaccctatcacaagtacgcgacgattcgttccatcggctcaaagaaaggcgtccgcactttccggcttggggatgagtacagtaaggaatgtatcgaggacaggctgatagataaccaacgggactaccggataacacggaaatattttgagtttatggagccctacacaaaggaatacgcaagagcaaacccgcctacggaaatgtattaccgcaagcgggatttttatttcaaagctccccgcgtgaccggttatatcagcttcttccgcggtgttgctatcgtgctcggtatgaatatgtcggaatatctccgaacgctcggaacggaatcggctgtgaaagaagccccgcgtgaggaactgatgcaggcgtaccggaagctgacgaagctccatgacagtatccgctatgaggtcgcaatgaccgagttcaacgatgcctttacggagatcgaaggcctgcttctgaaagcctatcacggagaggaggatgatgccgatggcggtaacgaagatctgggcgatccatga
>gene_16934|Mobilization protein A (MobA)
atggcaatatatcatttttctgcgcaggtcataagcaggagcgggggaggaaatgcccttgccgcagccgcatatcgagccggtgagaaaatccaagaccataactataccaaaaaagaccgagtagattacaccgaaattttgaccccagaaaatgcccctgaatgggcgaaaaatcgggaaagtctttggagtacagtagaggccgctgaaaggcgtaaggatgcccagctttgccgagaaatcaatatggccttacctctggagttaaaaccagaagaaagacaggaattagcacagaatttttgccgaaattttacacagcttggaatggttgcagatttagcgatacacggccaagatacagggaatccacatgctcatatcatgttgacgatgagagagctgaagccggagggcttcggcccaaaaaaccgagaatggaaccgccgcgagctggtggaggagtggcgggaggcatgggccaaggagactaaccttgcacttgaaagggcagggcatgaagccagaatagaccacaggacacttgcagcccaaggaatcgaccgagagccaaccatccaccttggcaaagccgcaagggctctgtctgacaaagctgtatcaaagcagaaatgtgcccctcccttgaagagccagctaaatgcagagctggccgagctggcaaagacaaccgccgaaattggggttatcaaagccgagcttgtggagctggaggatattgaacgtcggcaggagccagaatttatcacgaggattagcgagcttgccatcaaggccctgccaaataaaattgagagggcaagagaggagtggaaaaaaccatatattgagtttatagaaaaaaacgggaagtctgtagataattatagatactgcctagaacgtgctgaattagatgctagtgaagaaggtattaaagagattaaagattatacaacgtttatgaatcaggaattaagaaaatatgatatgataggcacaacaaaagaaaaatatgtaaaacttgcagtaaatgaatatagggttcatcctgaaaggattgaaagaggaaaagaattacaaaaagaaatttgttgcattatagaatctactcttgatattgatagatgtttgagtagatag
>gene_14862|Replication initiation factor
atggaaaatcgaggaatttatccaaagcttgactatttccaggctgtttttaacgacgtggactttgcttatgttctcgagtatatcggtttgccggctactaagtttggagattttttgacaaattcttatgaacgtattctcggttatgatacccatattggttatcgttttgagaatatatctattgagacgcgtgccgaatatctcataaagcgtgatggggaagagtgtgatctttccaattggattttctctaagatatttctcataatctccggtcagggtttggattttcttcgttctaagggcattgatgtagatcaccggcttcgtcagcaacctgcagtaaatgagcttaccggacgtccagtaatgcatcctacacgcgctgactttgcttttgatcttgtcaattatgcacctgattttcttgatatgtgtttagatcatctttcttattattcacagtgggtgcctttgtgtaatcagatggctcctattaagttttctgttcgtactggtgatcaaaagactttgtatcttggttctcctcgttctgataagcttcttcgtatttatgataagaagatggagcagtctgatcggtatggtaacctcaagtcatctcctgtcgattatgatgtcgactcttggatccgtgtcgagtatcagactcgtaatgctgagtcgcataggatgttatatggtgaaggggactacttaagtatattccgttttatctatgaccggtacacatttaagtctgtggatggttctcctgctgaattttggctaaatctctttgactgggaaaagatacctgtaatcatacaaaatgcaaagtgggtatctgctcctcttgataaagagaagtgtgataccctttttgtacgtgcacttaaggttgtatgcgcttatgaagctgtatatggtcaaaactacgtagaaaaacgtaaacgtgagtttatggatgatatatactcgcctggtatgcagcagtcttataaacgtaaatcatttgagcgtatcattgattgtttgcttgactggtcgcatgatttcaagagctgcatcggcgctttcatcatgcccaccaaaaatggtcagatccttaagcttcgtggctatgaccgtaagtga
>gene_7988|Toxin-antitoxin system, antitoxin component, Xre family
atgtacgactactccaagctcctcggcgtgatcctcagcctgttcaattctcgcttcgagtttgctctcgccctcggcgtaacaccccagaccttgaacaacaagctacacaactatcagccgtggaatcagtatcagatcgaagagtgctgcaagctcctcggcatcagcagaaaggagatccctgagtacttcttcacattgaaacattaa
>gene_52305|DNA replication protein
gtgatttgcgtgatcgatgaaaatagttgggttgagaagtcaaaagatctcatttggtccaaatactctacctggagcgccggtgaacttgcggtatttgatacatatttatcccgaataaacgccagacgcccggagaccgcagatgttgttttttcgaaacgggagtacgagaaactaatcggcgttgaagaaatgcgggcggaacaactgaaccgttatgtacgacgatttctcagcaatgtcgtttccattccaacagagcgcgggtgggtgaactacacattgttcagcaaagcgcgatttgagaagaatgatgttggtgaatgggaaatcactctccgctgcaatccggaactcgataccgtcttcttctctctttccgaatccgggtatcaggcttaccgcctgaaatatacactgcttttgagatccaagtattcaaaaatcctgtatggcatgcttaaagacaagtcttaccgaggtgtttgggaggttgatttgaaggctcttcgggagcaacttggcgccaccgagccttcgtgggagtccttcaaggagtttaatcgacgaattttgaaggcatctcaggaagaaataaacgctaacaccgacattcactttgagtacgaacgcctaacacgaggtcgtttaaccaaggggataaggttcaaaatcaaagatcaaagcaaagcaaacaacgtagttgcggaacaacttcccggacaacaatcctttgacgacatcgccggcgagaagccttcccatcgtcctgatcgaggacttcatctcaaacattctggttccgactttcttcgcgcctttccgagcgattcctcaatttccgaaggacaagcttattccatggcaaaaatggtgtacctgaagctcagggatattccggatcttcaagatctggatcaagatactcttgagttagccactgcttgtgcactccagaagggttacaaagactatttattgcctcggtataagctggagacgtacaaatggccagatgatccaggaggctatctgtacgctatactgcagcgcgaagacccgcatgattatcttgctactaggtttttcattcccggaactccttattccatgaagccatcttggcctaatgaacaataa
>gene_43508|Plasmid transfer factor TraK
gtgacatccaagttcatcgagcgcatggaagatgaagtggaaaagaaggccggcagttggctggcacggaataaggaaaagctgccccgctatatcttccgcgctctggtgggcggctacttctatgggatgtttctcaactccctgcatctgggcatcgagtccgtcttcggccctgacaatgtgcagatcgtcagcatatgggta
>gene_22154|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atggacggattgacaggaatcgagattcacgtctttcggaaacgtgagtcgaggtcgaatccggacatcgaccaggagcgttcaaaagaaaattttgcgttgttggttcctggcgtcgggcagactttgaacgagtgtgtcagagagcgggttgcgagattgacacgaaagacgaaaacgggcaaaacgagaaaattaaaatcggacgctgtcgttctttatgactttatcgttactgcgtcgcatgacgatatgatgatgttgacgtctgatcagcagcgcgagtttttcgcgcgcgctgcggcgttctttattgatcaatacggcggtcagaacgtgatgtatgctgtgatccacgctgacgaaaaaacgcctcatatgcatctcgggttagtgccggaatataagggaacgctttgcgcgaaaaaactttttacgcgtgagtcgttggttgagctgcaagacgatctatacgaaaggatcttttcgcgcttcggtttgcagcgcggggagcgcggcagcgagaaaaaacacgtttcaacgcaggtgttgaagtcaaggacgctggcagcggcgaggacggaagcggcagacattgttcgagctgcggatgccgaggccaaggaaaaggccgacgagatccagcagctagagaaaaagaaaaacgatctccgggcggaggttgcggcgctagagttgcgcgggaacgaacgcgacacgctgcaagcactagaaagagcagcgaaagaacgtccgattaaaaaaggcggcggattcttcggcggaaaagaaaaagtgatcggctatgaggtcagtaccgctttcgttgacgagtcgatgcggctcgcgaggatcggcgtcgatgctgctgacgtcatagcagaaaaagatcgtcagctcaatgaatcgtatatgacaaataaaaaactcagtttcgctctgtcggatgcacgagacgagctcgaaaaagaaaaaacacaggcggcggcggtgtttcgagatgcgcttccgtttcttgaagcgtccgacgctctaaaaacggattttataaaaagagcggaggacgaaaaagcgctggaaaaagaaaaaataaagcgagaaaaaacagtgtcacaacaacggaaaaagaatatagtaaaataa
>gene_8581|DNA replication initiation protein
atgaaaggctttgccgatggttacacagaaaataataaaatacattataaaataacaaattataatgtcgattatatattaaaaacatatgataaaataccaaaatattattatcaaacaggcaagcctgaatatattgatacttctagatataaagtgcttaccgaatggatagagattccatgcggtaaatgtgaatcttgtcgtatgaattatgcccgacaatgggcagatagatgtatgttagaagctcagcagcatgaagataattgttttattacattgacttatgatgatgaccatctaccatacaatttttttactgatgataatggtgttatcgaaggtgtatctcctactcttgttaaaagacatgtacagctttttattaagcagttaagaaactatattaatcgaaatgtagatgatagacatataaaatattttgtagcaggtgaatatggagagaaaaatcatcgtccccattatcatttactcttgtttggttggaagccaaaagatttacttccttataagcaaaattttcaaggtgattggctatacatttcccctactttgaatatgctttggaaagcgaatgattatgtctataacaatgttaagctgactgacggtgtaccggagtttttaggtaactatgatgatgaaggaaactgtcagccagtaaaggaagacggacaccctagaggattcgtaactgttggtgattgtaattggaatacatgtgcgtatactgcgaggtacatactaaagaagcaatatggcgataatactgatagtgatagatataattttttgcctgagtatacttctatgtcactcagaccggctataggtagggagtttttcgatgagaacaattcaaagatatttgattatactcatttttctattactactcctgacggtggtaagcaaatttttccttcccgatattatgagcgtctctttgaagagtttgacccaaatgcgtatatagactataagcagcgtaagcagatgactattgaaagtaaaaaacttttgaaaggaggtcagacttccctgtcctacttagatagtctgaaggttgaggctgatgtagtacatgaccgaattacaaaattgaaaaggagtgtttag
>gene_20032|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctactatcagcacgcaccagggaacggaaatggacgcgcgtcataaccgacgtgaggtctcgttcgtgatgggcgaaaagcatattgattcgaacggagtacatgagacgtggcgcgactatacatcgctcgaagatgtgtatcgcgacatgttgggagatgcatgcgaagagtacaacaaggggcaaatcgagaagggacatcaggagcgttgcaaaacgccggagatggtacttcacgagatgcaggcgaaatggaacgaagcgaagtcgaacgatgacgggaagaagcaggtttcgcgaacagtggcgccgcccgtgcgcgagatgatagcgggcgtttatccgaaggatggcgagaacgtgagcgaggacgaaatgaagcagatgcttcatgagtacgtcgataggctctcgcaggagaagaacatccgcgtcataggcgcctattatcatgccgacgagcagggttcggcgcctcatgtgcacatcgactttatccccgtgtcgtacagcaacaagcgcgggttgtccgttcaggtgagcatgtcgggggctttgcgggagatgggtttcacggacaaggacgcgaacggcaagacggttcgggcggaaggccttcggaagtggaacgcatatgcgaacggcatgctggaggagatttgcaacgagcacggggtgaccgtcgagcatccgcaggcaggcacagacgtgaagcatctggataccctggagtacaaggcaagcatggcgaaagccaaagtcgagcacaacaggcaggcgattgcgaagcagaaggaaacatggcagacgttgagcgacgagaaagcctctctgaaagccgatatagcctctctgagggcagagcagacggaagccgataaatccctcacggatacgaaaacagcccttaaaacggcttctgaggctcttaagcaggcaaagaaggatttgaaggacgcgagggattacgaaaaaaccgtttgggaggatatcgaagccaagcgggacgcggaggtggagcgcagggtgaaggaacgtctggcgcttgagcgcaaggcagttcacgcatttgaagaccctaacagttcgcctgcaaagggcaggcggttgcccgacatatcggacattgaattctag
>gene_5386|Putative plasmid mobilisation protein
aagaagaaaatctcgcgaaaggtgacgccgcctgttcgcgagatgatagcgggcgtttatccgaaggatggcgagaacgtgagcgaggacgaaatgaagcagatgcttcatgagtacgtcgataggctctcgcaggagaagaacatccgcgtcataggcgcctattatcatgccgacgagcagggttcggcgcctcatgtgcacatcgactttatccccgtgtcgtacagcaacaagcgcgggttgtccgttcaggtgagcatgtcgggggctttgcgggagatgggtttcacggacaaggacgcgaacggcaagacggttcgggcggaaggccttcggaagtggaacgcatatgcgaacggcatgctggaggagatttgcaacgagcacggggtgaccgtcgagcatccgcaggcaggcacagacgtgaagcatctggataccctggagtacaaggcaagcatggcgaaagccaaagtcgagcacaacaggcaggcgattgcgaagcagaaggaaacatggcagacgttgagcgacgagaaagcctctctgaaagccgatatagcctctctgagggcagagcagacggaagccgataaatccctcacggatacgaaaacagcccttaaaacggcttctgaggctcttaagcaggcaaagaaggatttgaaggacgcgagggattacgaaaaaaccgtttgggaggatatcgaagccaagcgggacgcggaggtggagcgcagggtgaaggaacgtctggcgcttgagcgcaaggcagttcacgcatttgaagaccctaacagttcgcctgcaaagggcaggcggttgcccgacatatcggacattgaattctag
>gene_30779|Replication protein
atggatttggatgttaaaaaacactatcccaaagactggatagttttacaaaatagagtggttgaatgctttagaggtatgtcccttgatgaaaagcgtttatttatcatggcaacccctttggcaagaaccacaaaaatatcaagcaatgatcctatttttatatcttcgagtgacttttcaaaggagtgtggcattgacttatcaacggcttatacagctttagaattggcatctgaacgcctatttactcggttctttggttacaccaatgctgatggtgacagggtaaaaatgcgttggctaaacaaggtgatttataaggcaggacaaggcggttcagaactatattttaccgatgaagtactgctattactt
>gene_30776|DNA replication protein
gagtttgacgccctaaacccttataccaagtataaaaaagaggtcgttttacggcttaaaaaagactactcgctagacttctatcacttggctaagaaacaccaaacaatgggcggttttcaaatcagcctagacgaattatttcagcagttgggcttgcctgaatcctatcaagacctaagcaacctaaaaaaacgtgtaattaagccatcactggacgagatcacagccaacaccgacatagacctaagctatgagaatgtgaaacgtgggcgttccgtggttggctttaagttcactgtcaaagaaaaaccaaagcccaaagttatagaaacaggacgagatccaaatacacctgacctattccacaaaatgacagaatctcaacttgatacgtttagcagtaaactttcagaactccctgaagtgcaaaagatggcacatgcaggcgaagatatgaaaccatttattgctcgtattcgttcgatgctcaaagactctgaaaaacaaaaaacgttgcttccccatctagcaaaattaggatttaaatcgaaatga
>gene_41688|Rep protein
gtgaattttttgtcggtagataaagaaaaaggcatctccgatttggcgttcggaaatgcttcctcttcttgtggtacactcaatcatgtcttggtcggacagtcagagtttaccacaggagaaacaaaaagtcaagggaataccttttcagaagcaaatgaattgaataagaagtttacaccgaagaaaaacaattctcttttgcttgccgcttcttataagcgtttgaatatggtttctaaagctgaccgtgtttctgaatgtggttcttttttatcttttgctcatgctctggataatgggattgcagatgataaaggctttttacataatgccaatttttgccgtgataggttgtgtcctatgtgtgcttggcgtaggtcttacaagatatttggtcaagtttctcagataatggacaagctcggtgattcttacaagtatctttttatcactttaactgttccgaattgtgctccgaatagcctttcccgtgttcttgatgatatgttgaaggcttggcaccgtttcacgaattataaagatatcaaggcaatattaaagggctattttcgtgctcttgaaattacaaggaataaagaaaacggctcttttcatccgcatttccatgttgtttttgccgttcctcgttcttatggttcaaaactgtatttatcccatgatagactattacagttatggcgaaaagcgacaagggatgattcaataacacaagtagatattcgcctttgtaaagataaaaactctgattctgacttgcaggcttcttctgatttgcgttcatccgttgctgaaattgcaaagtatgtggtcaaagattctgattatataaccgaggacaattccgttacggattgcaatgtatttactctcactaaggctttgtatcatcgtcgtttgattcagttcggcggaattttcaaggaaacattcaaaaatcttaaattggaagatattgaatctgattctgttgaccttgtgcatatcaatgaaaaaatcaatcctcaaatcagttatttgatagtgcattatggttggaattgtggagtatatcagataatcaatacaactgttctttgcccgactcttgttgaagaggaggtgagaatcaatgtatag
>gene_43378|Rep protein
gtttctaaatctgaccgtgtttctgaatgtggttcttttttatcttttgctcacgctctggatgaaggaattgcagatgataaagggtttttacataatgctaatttttgccgtgataggttgtgtcctatgtgtgcttggcgtaggtcttacaagatattcggtcaagtttcgcagataatggacaagctcggtgattcttataagtatctttttatcactttaactgttccgaattgttctccgaatagcctttcccgtgttcttgatgatatgttgaaggcttggcaccgtttcacgaattataaagatataaaggcaatattaaagggatattttcgtgctcttgaaattacaaggaataaagaaaacggctcttttcatccgcattttcatgttgtttttgccgttcctcgttcttatggctcaaaactttatttatcccatgatagattattacagttatggcgaaaagcaacaagggatgattcaataacacaagtagatattcgcctttgtaaagataaaaactctgattctgacttgcaggcttcttctgatttgcgttctgccgttgctgaaattgcaaagtatgttgtcaaagattctgattatataaccgaggacaattccgttacagattgcaatgtatttactctcacgaaggctttgtatcatcgtcgtttgatacagttcggtggtattttcaaggaaacattcaaaaatctgaaattggaagatattgagtctgattctgtcgaccttgtgcatattcatgaaaaaatcaatcctcaaatcagttatttgattgtgcattatggttggaattgtggagtatatcagataatcaatacaactgttctttgtccgactcttgttcaagaggaggtgagaatcaatgtatag
>gene_28712|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaatcggagcaagcttttcaatagggcgcgtttcgtacatgcatgatgtacgaatatcaaatacggctaatatagaccttagcttatcaaacgataacatagttcttgtagataaattagccggtaagactattgaagaatacactaacgaaagaatgaaaaaggttatagaggactataacgaaaaacagacaagaaaagaccgtaggatagataccgactatgtgagttattttaattctaacagaaatcatggacagcttgcatatgaagccgtactgcagtacggagagcatgatacattaggtggagaatactactctgcagattgctctgcagctaggaaaaagcaactatacgatgagtacaaaaacatgtacaggaagatgttgatggatatgcggaagaattatccacatctcgaagtgttatatgccacaatccattttgacgaacctcaaggcactccgcatatgcatgtatgctttcaacctataggaactaattacaaaaaagggctctcacaacaggtttctataggtaacgcactagcttgtgacggaatagaacgtcttaagaagagaaccgatgctttagaaggcggttttcagcttcaaagattctttacggagtttcgtcacaagtacatgaatgagccgcttatgaaacaaggttatgagctgaaggaagaacaacatggaattccacatatggaggtagagccgtttaaacgggctaaaaagaagcttaaagagatagaggatgaaatatctgcaaaagaagagaaacttgcgaaaataagccaatcagagcttttagagctacatagacagctacttgagtttgatgaaatgctaagacaaaaacaagaaaagctggaaaagaaagagttagacctaaaagggcagtattcatcagctaaaaccatagtgtcaaaagccgttaaaaaggctgtaaacgaagttacggaagaaaaccttgataagtatcaagaattacgaaaactcgctatagagcgaaatcctgagcttgtagaggcatttgataaaggactaagagctcggattaacagaggtgaggctataggaggcgaaatactggaggaatatgcaagccttattggattaacaatgtga
>gene_57383|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaatcggagcaagcttttcaatagggcgcgtttcgtacatgcatgatgtacgaatatcaaatacggctaatatagaccttagcttatcaaacgataacatagttcttgtagataaattagccggtaagactattgaagaatacactaacgaaagaatgaaaaaggttatagaggactataacgaaaaacagacaagaaaagaccgtaggatagataccgactatgtgagttattttaattctaacagaaatcatggacagcttgcatatgaagccgtactgcagtacggagagcatgatacattaggtggagaatactactctgcagattgctctgcagctaggaaaaagcaactatacgatgagtacaaaaacatgtacaggaagatgttgatggatatgcggaagaattatccacatctcgaagtgttatatgccacaatccattttgacgaacctcaaggcactccgcatatgcatgtatgctttcaacctataggaactaattacaaaaaagggctctcacaacaggtttctataggtaacgcactagcttgtgacggaatagaacgtcttaagaagagaaccgatgctttagaaggcggttttcagcttcaaagattctttacggagtttcgtcacaagtacatgaatgagccgcttatgaaacaaggttatgagctgaaggaagaacaacatggaattccacatatggaggtagagccgtttaaacgggctaaaaagaagcttaaagagatagaggatgaaatatctgcaaaagaagagaaacttgcgaaaataagccaatcagagcttttagagctacatagacagctacttgagtttgatgaaatgctaagacaaaaacaagaaaagctggaaaagaaagagttagacctaaaagggcagtattcatcagctaaaaccatagtgtcaaaagccgttaaaaaggctgtaaacgaagttacggaagaaaaccttgataagtatcaagaattacgaaaactcgctatagagcgaaatcctgagcttgtagaggcatttgataaaggactaagagctcggattaacagaggtgaggctataggaggcgaaatactggaggaatatgcaagccttattggattaacaatgtga
>gene_4419|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtttgcacattttgatagaaaggcagaacatatctccaatgagaatttggataggacaaggacgcatctgaattacaatctcgccacccatcagcagatggatcagggcgagtttgtaaggcagaggtgttccgaagttcgttgccagaaccgcaaagatgtgaatgtaatggtatcgtgggtagtgacagccccgaaagacttacccgaagtggaacacaaggcattttttcaagcaagctatgattttctgcaacaacgctatgggcgtgaaaatgtcgtatctgcttatgtgcatatggatgaggtaacgccacatatgcattttgcttttgtacctgtagtccgcacctttaagccggattgcaaaaaccctgatgtttcaatcgaggtctacaaggtttctgcaaaagaggtattgaatcgccgtgaattgcaggcttttcatcccgctttacaacgctatgtagaacgtgaattgggtcacgaggtaagcatattgaacgaagtgacaagagagggaaataagagcattaaggagctgaaaaggcagactgctacggaacggttacaagaagccaacgagaaagcgtctaaaatcgtttctgaggctcaaacgcaggcacaggtggttaaagatagcctggatagcttgattgctgtaaacgctgaatatgaggctaagaaagcctatgtgcgacaagctgacaaaatctcagaagtttctgtgatgtaccccgaatcagcaaagattaccgagaaaggcttggtgcataagcaaaagtttgtaactgttcctgcggagatgtgggaagcaaagcatatatcggctaacgaaaaaagttatttgcagaaagcaaatgaagtgttggaatctaaattgcaggagttccgcagcacagcctcatcaaagaatctcgaaatgctgcggcatcgggttaaaaatctagaagaagaaaactactccctgcggatcgagaaccgaagcttgcagagcagggtaaacaaggcagaaaatgaagcaaataagaccattgaaaaggtcaacaagatcttgagtaagcttccggttgagatggcaaatcggtttgtgcaggagtggaatgtttcggagcgtagccagggcttcaagagataa
>gene_6308|Replication protein
atggcgcatttaaaaggcgataaagatgaaatcattgggaatctcgacccgcagcatttggtacaaaagtctgaccctcttgcacttatgcgttccgttccattctcgttgggcgagctgaaaatacttgatacatatatcagccgtatcaatgcggaggacgatacacggcgcacggttatcttcaccaaagaagaatatgaggagcttatgggtgtaccttgtgtggactacagaaccttactgaaccacacaaaaggcatgctcggaaagattgttgagctccgaatgcccgataagggtttcttacagtttgttctgtttacaaaagcctattatcacaatgatgaatatggcaagccaatcatagaattaacctgttctgatttagcgaaagacctatttttctgtattggtaaatatcattatttcaagtatgctcttgacaacatcgtcaaactcactcgaaagtcaagctatctgctttatctctatatcgttcggaatcggtatcgtggcgaatggaatatagatgttgctgatctgagagataacgttcttgactgtaaaaaccaagagtcatatcgagaatataaaatatttaagaaccgagtatttgaccctgccgtgaaagaagtcaataagaaaacagactgtcattttgattatgaacaaatcaaacgtgggcgctgggtcataaaaatcaaattcatctatcacagtcaagaactggagcagttggagggacaaatctccattgatgaccttccaactgttacggatcacaaggactatggcagcgaggagctaaacaatctcgcatcagcagtcaatttcgagtttggaaaagaggaagtcgagggacttatcccgattatggatgggcttggaatccttcccgaaaacaggaagtattatgtttcagagaaatatgcacagctcagagcggaggaagcccggaagcaatcatctgatgacaagcccataaagcatcggtacaagtatctcatatccatgatggacgatacaaaagccgccaagaaatatcagaagccgctgaaaaagaaagaacatatctatgacggtgatgcaatacaagccgagctcctcgctcagttcatcgacgaggacgtaaaatga
>gene_13774|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggtatcccgtctctcaaactgaataacgttggtaccaggtcgcggcattgcggtgacttcggaggggtggccagggaggccctggaggagcggcaaggccgtgatccggacatcgatccgaccaggagccatctgaaccacatcgaagggttccggacagcagcagagctgcaggagtacagtgcgaagcacgtggacgagctgcgcgatgccaaaggccggaaactccggaaagatgccgtggtgatgtgcgccaccattctgaagccgcctgcagcatacatgaactccctggcgccggaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaatgaggcatttgccaagatcgttggtgccgacaacatcaagtccagggcagaccacttcgatgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgaccgaagatggccggctctgcgccaaagaagtacataacctgcaattcttcagccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagcagctgcgcgccaaaggctgggagatcgacgattgcgagatgtacgacgctgccaagaaggagtacgagcaggagaagaaaaaacagtccggccggagctccgtagcctacaaggctgacgccgagaaggagaaagcagtgctgcaggaggagctgaccgatctgcagagcgagattgctgcagcaaaaacggtcaaagccgatctgcggacaatcgaggaggagcacggcccgatccggaggaccatcaccggcaaggaggtctaccgtgcagaggatgccgaattcgtccgtaaagcggccgggacgagctttgccgtctcttacgacatagaacaagccaataagcaaataaacgccctacaggaccgtgtagcgttcctggagcgccgtttttcgcagttgcagaagaaaaaggcgcacctggagaaggagatctgggattgggagaggaagtacgacggtctgcttggcctgatcgaagggttcctccacttcttcaacctggcagaccactttagacggtgggctgcagaagaacgtgagcgcgaggccatcaaagcggaagagtatctgattgccttggagctttacgagcaaaatcacggcagataa
>gene_55769|Mobilization protein
atgggctggaaaatcggtatcccgtctctcaaactgaataacgttggtaccaggtcgcggcattgcggtgacttcggaggggtggccagggaggccctggaggagcggcaaggccgtgatccggacatcgatccgaccaggagccatctgaaccacatcgaagggttccggacagcagcagagctgcaggagtacagtgcgaagcacgtggacgagctgcgcgatgccaaaggccggaaactccggaaagatgccgtggtgatgtgcgccaccattctgaagccgcctgcagcatacatgaactccctggcgccggaagatcagcgccggttcctggctgacgccaatgaggcatttgccaagatcgttggtgccgacaacatcaagtccagggcagaccacttcgatgagctgggcgcccactcccacgtcttctgggagccgatgaccgaagatggccggctctgcgccaaagaagtacataacctgcaattcttcagccgggttaaccgggagctgccggagcagctgcgcgccaaaggctgggagatcgacgattgcgagatgtacgacgctgccaagaaggagtacgagcaggagaagaaaaaacagtccggccggagctccgtagcctacaaggctgacgccgagaaggagaaagcagtgctgcaggaggagctgaccgatctgcagagcgagattgctgcagcaaaaacggtcaaagccgatctgcggacaatcgaggaggagcacggcccgatccggaggaccatcaccggcaaggaggtctaccgtgcagaggatgccgaattcgtccgtaaagcggccgggacgagctttgccgtctcttacgacatagaacaagccaataagcaaataaacgccctacaggaccgtgtagcgttcctggagcgccgtttttcgcagttgcagaagaaaaaggcgcacctggagaaggagatctgggattgggagaggaagtacgacggtctgcttggcctgatcgaagggttcctccacttcttcaacctggcagaccactttagacggtgggctgcagaagaacgtgagcgcgaggccatcaaagcggaagagtatctgattgccttggagctttacgagcaaaatcacggcagataa
>gene_13823|Replication protein
atgattaagtttaaaacttgcgaagttatgcaatattttgaatattatgatgtgcaagaagtcgccgttattgaaagtcgcataaagtcattaactaatataaaaaaatatgcaataataattcacgataaagatatattggaaagtggcgaaccaaaaaagaaacattttcattgtgttcttacattctcaaatgcaactacaagtgaagttgtagcaaaaacaatggaagttgaagaacaatatataaataagattaggactacaacaaaaagtgctatgctttatctggtgcatagaaaccaccccgaaaaatttcaatacaatgcaagtgaagttgtttctaattttgattatatagaatacattgatggttgtgaacccaaacaacatagggaagatgtagcaaagcgaattgaaacgggcgaaataaaaccatataatttgcaaaactttataagcattgatgaatacggaaaaaataaaatatattatgatagatgttttgaatatagacaaagtaaattaaaaggaacggaaaggaaaatggagtgtattttcattagtggtggaacaggaacaggaaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatatttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatgcaacttatatttcaagtggtggaaagaacccactagacaactacaagggcgaagagtgtatcattttggacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaattaaccgataataataccgatagtttagttggttgccgtttttataacaagtcaattgctgaatgccgattgctaattgttacaagtgtaaaaaatattgaagaattttactacaatgccacacaagaagaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattgttccgaagatttagaacaaatattgtaatggaaaaagaatatatgacaatatatacttacaatagcgaacaaaaaaaatatattaagcaattaagatgtaaaaaccctgttgctattatgtttgataagcaagtagcaaagcaatttgccaccgactttgcaaaaacaatgggacttgaaattgtagaagattttgaaaacccaccaacacaacaaaaaatgccatttaccgacaaaaaagaataa
>gene_26443|Replication protein (Fragment)
tcaaatgcaactacaagtgaagttgtagcaaaaacaatggaagttgaagaacaatatataaataagattaggactacaacaaaaagtgctatgctttatctggtgcatagaaaccaccccgaaaaatttcaatacaatgcaagtgaagttgtttctaattttgattatatagaatacattgatggttgtgaacccaaacaacatagggaagatgtagcaaagcgaattgaaacgggcgaaataaaaccatataatttgcaaaactttataagcattgatgaatacggaaaaaataaaatatattatgatagatgttttgaatatagacaaagtaaattaaaaggaacggaaaggaaaatggagtgtattttcattagtggtggaacaggaacaggaaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatatttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatgcaacttatatttcaagtggtggaaagaacccactagacaactacaagggcgaagagtgtatcattttggacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaattaaccgataataataccgatagtttagttggttgccgtttttataacaagtcaattgctgaatgccgattgctaattgttacaagtgtaaaaaatattgaagaattttactacaatgccacacaagaagaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattgttccgaagatttagaacaaatattgtaatggaaaaagaatatatgacaatatatacttacaatagcgaacaaaaaaaatatattaagcaattaagatgtaaaaaccctgttgctattatgtttgataagcaagtagcaaagcaatttgccaccgactttgcaaaaacaatgggacttgaaattgtagaagattttgaaaacccaccaacacaacaaaaaatgccatttaccgacaaaaaagaataa
>gene_51004|Replication protein
atgataaaatttaaaacttgcgaagttatgcaatactttgaatattatgatgtgcaagaaatagcaacgatagaaagtcgcataaagtcgctaacaaatattaaaaaatatgcaataataattcacgataaagatatattggaaagtggcgaaccaaaaaagaaacattttcattgtgttcttacattttcaaatatgactacaagtcaagttgttgcaaatataatgaatgttgaagaacaatatataaataagattagaactacaacaaaaagtgctatgctttatttggtgcaccgaaaccaccccgaaaaatttcaatataatgcaagtgatgttgtgtctaactttgattatatagaatatatagacgggtgcgaacctaaacaacatagagaagatgtagcaaagcgaattgaaacgggcgaaataaaaccatacaacttgcaaaactttataagtattgacgaatacggaaaaaataaaatatattatgatagatgttttgaatatagacaaagtaaattaaaaggaacggaaaggaagatggaatgtatttttattagtggtggaactggaacaggaaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatatttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatgcaacttatatttcaagcggtggaaagaacccactagataactacaaaggcgaagaatgtattattttagacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaattaaccgataacaacactgatagtttagttggttgccgtttttataacaagtcaattgctgaatgccgattgctaattgttacaagtgtaaaaaacattgaagaattttactataatgctacacaagacgaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattgttccgaagatttagaacaaatattgtaatggaaaaagagtatatgactatttacacttacaatagcgaacaaaaaaaatatataaaacaattgagatgtaaaaaccctgttgcaattatgtttgataaacaagtagcaaaacaatttgccaccgattttgcaaaaacaatgggacttgaaattgtagaagattttgaaaacccacctacacaacaaaaaatgacatttaccgacaaaaaagaataa
>gene_19007|Replication protein
atgattaaatttaaaacttgcgaagttatgcaatattttgaatattatgatgtgcaagagatttttgttattgaaagtcgcataaaatcattaactaatataaaaaaatatgcgataataattcacgataaagatttattagaaagtggcgaaccaaaaaagaaacattttcattgtgttcttacattttcaaatgctactacaagcgaagttgttgcaaaaataatgaaagttgaagagcagtacataaataagattaggactacaactaaaagtgctatgctttatttagtccatagaaacaaccctgaaaaatttcaatatagcgcaagtgaagttgttgctaattttgattacatagaatatattgatggttgcgaaccaaagcaacatagggaagatgtagcaaagcgaattgaaattggcgaaataaaaccatataatttgcaaaattttataagtattgacgaatatggaaaaaataaaatatattatgatagatgttttgaatatagacaaagtaaattaaaaggaactgaaagaaaaatggattgtattttcattagtggtggaacaggtacaggaaaaacaacacaagctaaaatatttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatgcaatttatatttcaagtggtggaaagaatccacttgacaattacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagacagtacctataaattgtctgacttcttaaaattaactgataataatactgatagtttagtcggttgtcgtttttataataagtcaatagctgaatgtcgtttgctt
>gene_3302|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain protein
gtgcaccgaaaccaccccgaaaaatttcaatacaatgcaagtgaagttgtttctaattttgactatatagaatatatagacgggtgcgaacctaaacaacatagagaagatgtcgcaaagcgaattgaaacgggcgaaataaaaccatacaacttgcaaaactttataagcattgacgaatacggaaaaaataaaatatattatgatagatgttttgaatatagacaaagtaaattaaaaggaacggaaagaaagatggaatgtattttcattagtggtggaactggaacaggaaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatatttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatgcaacttatatttcaagtggtggaaagaacccactagacaactacaaaggcgaagaatgtattattctagacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaattaaccgataataacactgatagtttagttggttgccgtttttataacaagtcaattgctgaatgccgattgctaattgttacaagtgtaaaaaacattgaagaattttactacaatgccacacaagaagaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattgttccgaagatttagaacaaatattgtaatggaaaaagaatatatgacaatatatacttacaatagcgaacaaaaaaaatatatcaagcaattaagatgtaaaaaccctgttgctattatgtttgataagcaagtagcaaagcaatttgccaccgattttgcaaaaacaatgggacttgaaattgtagaagattttgaaaacccaccaacacaacaaaaaatgccatttaccgacaaaaaaagataa
>gene_34941|MULTISPECIES: replication protein
gaagatttatttaattatgcagcgcaagaaagatttgatgattggttccctcttttatgcgatagttgttgctatgttatgacacagtttcttaaatcaaaacgacacaatccaaacaattataacaacgatatttctatcactgataagcaagtcgttgatatggagacaggtgaaattttaagcgaccaaaacactcaagggtag
>gene_34281|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cacggctcacggctcaagagagagcctgtaaagaatttcttcatcgagagtgatgaaaagtgtcaggtcgggataagggaactggataggctggaaaatcgctacaaccagctgttgcaggaacgtgatgcgttaagaacgctagaccaaattaacagagatttgaacggtaccacggctagacagctaagatccgtcaaagaagaaaacaaacttttacgtcaggagtcgttgaatctgaaaaagctggaagcagagcttcaggcggtgaagcaatcatttagaatcgctgtggaagcactagacagagttaatccggcactagccaaagctgtcagagttgctactgaaaacggcttggattctgacgcaactctaaacaatatgaatgagctgtacaatgcatttagaaatggcaaccaacgaaccaaatttgtcagataa
>gene_31420|Mob14-4
atgcatattgaaaaatttagagcaactcaaacctatcgtatgtgtaatcattttgagcgtcaggagggtgacggaatcactcgaggaaacgagaatattcatgctgaacgaactcatttgaattacaatttgtgtgcgtgcaggaaggaatcaggctaccagcaaatacaaaatatccttgcgagagacgatgtttttgtttatgggcagggaaaacgcaaagacttggtaaatatgtgtgatgtggttattaccgtgccaaaatctttgccacataagctgtatcaggattttttcgctatgtcggcacgatttttagagaatcggttcggtgtgagcaatggtatgaatgtagtatccagctgggtacacatggatgaaaccacaccgcatatgcatttcgcttttgttccgctggtaaatgcgaatgagaagcggagagccgagggatacacttacaagttatgtgccaatgatgtcgttactcggaaaaatctcaagactctacatcaggatatgcaaaagttcttggaatcgaaattactgtgcaaagtcgatattgtgacgaatgaaaccgtcaaatctgtcgatatggtcacattcaaaaggcggaaattggctcaggcagctgcagagctggccgaaaagcaagaaaaggtatcaagacacctagaaatactagaaaacggttctgggcacggctcacggctcaagagagagcctgtaaagaatttcttcatcgagagtgatgaaaagtgtcaggtcgggataagggaactggataggctggaaaatcgctacaaccagctgttgcaggaacgtgatgcgttaagaacgctagaccaaattaacagagatttgaacggtaccacggctagacagctaagatccgtcaaagaagaaaacaaacttttacgtcaggagtcgttgaatctgaaaaagctggaagcagagcttcaggcggtgaagcaatcatttagaatcgctgtggaagcactagacagagttaatccggcactagccaaagctgtcagagttgctactgaaaacggcttggattctgacgcaactctaaacaatatgaatgagctgtacaatgcatttagaaatggcaaccaacgaaccaaatttgtcagataa
>gene_34279|Mobilization protein
atgcatattgaaaaatttagagcaactcaaacctatcgtatgtgtaatcattttgagcgtcaggagggtgacggaatcactcgaggaaacgagaatattcatgctgaacgaactcatttgaattacaatttgtgtgcgtgcaggaaggaatcaggctaccagcaaatacaaaatatccttgcgagagacgatgtttttgtttatgggcagggaaaacgcaaagacttggtaaatatgtgtgatgtggttattaccgtgccaaaatctttgccacataagctgtatcaggattttttcgctatgtcggcacgatttttagagaatcggttcggtgtgagcaatggtatgaatgtagtatccagctgggtacacatggatgaaaccacaccgcatatgcatttcgcttttgttccgctggtaaatgcgaatgagaagcggagagccgagggatacacttacaagttatgtgccaatgatgtcgttactcggaaaaatctcaagactctacatcaggatatgcaaaagttcttggaatcgaaattactgtgcaaagtcgatattgtgacgaatgaaaccgtcaaatctgtcgatatggtcacattcaaaaggcggaaattggctcaggcagctgcagagctggccgaaaagcaagaaaaggtatcaagacacctagaaatactagaaaacggttct
>gene_34568|Mob14-4
atgcatattgaaaaatttagagcaactcaaacctatcgtatgtgtaatcattttgagcgtcaggagggtgacggaatcactcgaggaaacgagaatattcatgctgaacgaactcatttgaattacaatttgtgtgcgtgcaggaaggaatcaggctaccagcaaatacaaaatatccttgcgagagacgatgtttttgtttatgggcagggaaaacgcaaagacttggtaaatatgtgtgatgtggttattaccgtgccaaaatctttgccacataagctgtatcaggattttttcgctatgtcggcacgatttttagagaatcggttcggtgtgagcaatggtatgaatgtagtatccagctgggtacacatggatgaaaccacaccgcatatgcatttcgcttttgttccgctggtaaatgcgaatgagaagcggagagccgagggatacacttacaagttatgtgccaatgatgtcgttactcggaaaaatctcaagactctacatcaggatatgcaaaagttcttggaatcgaaattactgtgcaaagtcgatattgtgacgaatgaaaccgtcaaatctgtcgatatggtcacattcaaaaggcggaaattggctcaggcagctgcagagctggccgaaaagcaagaaaaggtatcaagacacctagaaatactagaaaacggttctgggcacggctcacggctcaagagagagcctgtaaagaatttcttcatcgagagtgatgaaaagtgtcaggtcgggataagggaactggataggctggaaaatcgctacaaccagctgttgcaggaacgtgatgcgttaagaacgctagaccaaattaacagagatttgaacggtaccacggctagacagctaagatccgtcaaagaagaaaacaaacttttacgtcaggagtcgttgaatctgaaaaagctggaagcagagcttcaggcggtgaagcaatcatttagaatcgctgtggaagcactagacagagttaatccggcactagccaaagctgtcagagttgctactgaaaacggcttggattctgacgcaactctaaacaatatgaatgagctgtac
>gene_18223|Mob14-4
atgcatattgaaaaatttagagcaactcaaacctatcgtatgtgtaatcattttgagcgtcaggagggtgacggaatcactcgaggaaacgagaatattcatgctgaacgaactcatttgaattacaatttgtgtgcgtgcaggaaggaatcaggctaccagcaaatacaaaatatccttgcgagagacgatgtttttgtttatgggcagggaaaacgcaaagacttggtaaatatgtgtgatgtggttattaccgtgccaaaatctttgccacataagctgtatcaggattttttcgctatgtcggcacgatttttagagaatcggttcggtgtgagcaatggtatgaatgtagtatccagctgggtacacatggatgaaaccacaccgcatatgcatttcgcttttgttccgctggtaaatgcgaatgagaagcggagagccgagggatacacttacaagttatgtgccaatgatgtcgttactcggaaaaatctcaagactctacatcaggatatgcaaaagttcttggaatcgaaattactgtgcaaagtcgatattgtgacgaatgaaaccgtcaaatctgtcgatatggtcacattcaaaaggcggaaattggctcaggcagctgcagagctggccgaaaagcaagaaaaggtatcaagacacctagaaatactagaaaacggttctgggcacggctcacggctcaagagagagcctgtaaagaatttcttcatcgagagtgatgaaaagtgtcaggtcgggataagggaactggataggctggaaaatcgctacaaccagctgttgcaggaacgtgatgcgttaagaacgctagaccaaattaacagagatttgaacggtaccacggctagacagctaagatccgtcaaagaagaaaacaaacttttacgtcaggagtcgttgaatctgaaaaagctggaagcagagcttcaggcggtgaagcaatcatttagaatcgctgtggaagcactagacagagttaatccggcactagccaaagctgtcagagttgctactgaaaacggcttggattctgacgcaactctaaacaatgtgaatgagctgtacaatgcatttagaaatggcaaccaacgaaccaaatttgtcagataa
>gene_53377|Replication protein
atggccaaaaaagaaacccccgtgaacgaatccaacttggcggaaggggcgttcacaggggtcgatgaagcttcaaacttcggcgataggttagcacgctacggccaagctcacgcaaggtcacaggcgatgctggagcaccttcggggcgctccatcagtcgaagccaccaagaccgccgccagcctcgccacctgcggcaac
>gene_53794|replication protein
tacttgaaggacaatggatttgtgtacgtgtacaaaagtggcacgagtaatgtttacgtggcaaataaagagcttgtttggaactcttggggaaccaattacgaatactgtgagtttccagccaatattgttttaagcaaatcagagcaagaggaacgttcaaatgtctttgacaagagagttcagaccgttcaagtaaaggagtga
>gene_39464|Replication protein
atcaagcaatataatttacataaatttattactattgacgaatacggaaaaaataaagtgtattatgataggtgctttgattatagacaaaatttaataaaaggaaataatagaaatatggaatgtatatttataagtggtggaactggaacaggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgtttgcaagtcaaaaaggttttgaatgctatatttctagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaattacaaaggcgaagaatgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtccgacttcttaaaattaaccgataataatactgatagtttagttggttgccgtttttataacaagtcaattgctgaatgccgacttttaattgtcacaagtgttaaacctatacaagaattttattttaatgctacacaagaagaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattatttagaagatttagaactaatattgttatggaaaaagagtttatgactatttatacttataataacgaacaaaaatgttatataaaacaaattaggtgtaaaaaccctgttgcaataatgtttgataaacaagttgcaaaacaatttgccacagactttgcaaaaacaatgggacttgaaattgtagaagattttgaaaacataccaacacaacaaaaaatgccatttaatgacaaaaaaaataagaaccgacaaagtttattaggtgtcaaagaaaaaggggaaggataa
>gene_49161|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtggctccgcatatcgactcgacgcgtagtgaaggaaatatcattttgagaagcaaccaaacgaaggaaaatttggcagaggctgagttggatttttaccaaagaagatattcagcctctgtcgagagacgcaacgaaatgtatcgacatcagagacatgcggagcgatgcaagactgtcgaagatttgtatcatggaaagcttacgcgtcctgaagaattgatactccaaatcggagacatgaacgagcatgcagacgaaaaattatttactcaatgtgtgggagaatatctgcaagcttttggtgaatggaataaagctcatggagaccatggtcatgtgctgaatgtaagcattcatatggacgaggcaactccacatgcccatataagacgcgtatgggactatgagaaggacggaatgatagagctaggacagaacaaggcgcttgaacaagctggcgttgaattgccgaataaagagcgtaaagcggacagatacaacaaccgcaaaatgacatttgatgcaatgatgcgtgagcgttggcaagaaatctgcaagtctcatggtctgcagatagagacagaaccacgaccaaataaaaagcacaagcagaaagctgattatatatccgacaagctgaatgaacagatagagcagaaacaagcagaactaggagaacgagaaatgcagcttactgttctgcgtaagcagatcaaggaagctgagacgactttatcagaggaacaggttaagcagatagaaggcaaacctaagctctttggaaacaatgttacagttgatgcagaggtctttaaaaggctcaaaaagaccgccaagaaggtagaagcaaccaacgcgcgcaatgatgagctagaagctcaaataaagggcgtagaagctattaaacaagaagctgaggcaatgaagcgtgatgcagaaattcaatccagggaaataataagccaggctaaaaaagaagctcagaaaatgtcgtcgacatttgaaaaggcaaaattggaaagtgagttattgaaatataaaaaaatgcaagaaaagaaccctgagctttttagacagatggagcgagctttagcacaaccaagtaagagcatggaaaaaggtttaagccttgactaa
>gene_56840|Replication protein
ttgataggttacaaaaaagaaaaagaacccggattggctccccgaggttctgatggtttggtatttggttctgattttgttggtttttctgtgcataattgtaccaatcttgcagttgattgtcaagaggtaaaaattacatataccgaagaaaatgaaattgagcagaaatttttgcccaagagattagactcagaactgctggctggtagttattcaagacttggatatataaacaaatcaaagcgcgtttctgactgtggtacacaattagaatttgcacatcgtatcgatagcaatggcgtaatagaaacaaaaggcaagcttcactctgcgaacttctgcagggatagattatgccctatgtgttcttggcgtcgttcctataaaatattcgcgcaggtctcaaaactcatgcgcaatgtctcatcagaatacgccttcttattcctcactcttactgctccgaatgttccaggtgatgatctttcggaagaactcaacaagttctttaaggcatggagtaaacttatacgccaaaagagttttcagaagtctatcagaggttggttcagagccttcgaagttacccgtaatgataaacgtgccgactatcacccgcactttcactgtgtactggtagtcaataaaagttactttacaagtagagactatatcaagcgggaagaatggcttgacatgtggcgcaaggctatgaacgatgaaaccatcacacaggtagacgtcagaagagcgacagggaagaacggacagactgacgtagaaagtctatcctcagctgttgccgaaattgccaagtatgccgtaaagagcacggactacatcagaagcagtgaagaacaaaccgatgaaatagttgcaacattgtctgatgctctgggcggtcgtcgtctctgcacgttcgaccgttctggagtattcggaaccatcagagctgaactcaagatggaggatcctgaagacggggacctgatacaccttgacgatgaagacaagattgaaccatctgtggcttatatgatacgcaggtataaatggactactggtgcatataagatgcatacggaatacatacagcaagcggacgatgcagtgaaggacatcagcgacagctga
>gene_37670|Plasmid recombination-like protein
atgcaaggaaaaaaggaggagtgtcgaatgcactatgcgaaatatcaaaagggggctgtcggaagtatcttgttgcactctgatagaggaatagacagccccgacacacacgagcatagcaacgagagcatagacaagaccagaacgcacctcaattatgatttgaaagacaggggcggtctgactgcctatgaatactacaagaagcgaatagatgatattgcttcggaaacaaaagagcgaaccgggaagagcatacggaaagacgctgtaacgctctgtagttgggctgtaacagcaccaaaggatttaccggaagaaaagctacaggatttctttaaggcgtcttatgcgtggtttgcagagcgttatggtgcggataacattgtaacagcggcagtccatatggatgaagttactccgcatatgcacttgcagtttactccgattattgaaaaagacggtgtacgaaaactttgtgcaaaggatatggaaacacgcaagacgctctcaacggctcatcagaagctacagaagcacttagaacaggcgttaggctataaggtcaatattctaaacggagcgactgaaaagggaaatagaagcgttttagagcttcagaacgaaacgttaagacaacagatagaagaacgttcagagcaatatgaaaaaatgacaaaaaccttatcgagtaaggaactgagagaaatagatacaactcctaagcgtcttacaggtggatttaagggattatctcctcagcaagcacaggaacttgtaaacacttctacggctcttagcaaagaaaataagcagctgaaaaaggaaaataagcagctgaaagaaaaaaataaggaattaaaaagcagcaaagatactgccgtagcagaattggctagtgtaaaacaagaacggcaagcaatattcagtcgtgaaaaactcgaacaattggaacgagaacgaaaacaaaaagagcggactgaaaaagcagaaaaagaattaaaagggctcaaaaattatatggcacagttacagtttccagatggttcgactgctttagaaaaatttgaagatttgaagcgggaacaggaaaaaacagaacgacaatcaagacgatttagagagttagaacgatga
>gene_40565|Putative replication protien
atggaattttcaaggtcatacataagaagaatgagtcaattaagagtaggtcaattacaaatggtaggagcaaagaaaggagacaagacaggtctatttggtatagatacaaagatggataaaagtctccctatctatcaaagagcgtttcataaatggaaagatgagtatcgttacaaaaaccaaataatagaaagatactgtatgcttctaaatgacgaaaataccactatttcaaaaatgggatatgtaagcccacaagcatactatagagacatatttccaagtgataccatagaagcatataacgaaaagggaaaacgcaaagcaaacaaagaccttcctaaagaagaaagagtatatatacctactccaatagtgagttgctgccaatacaaagaagtagacgaaaatggcaatccatacgatacaagagaccctaaaagttggtatcaaaagaatatgcttctatttaacgattacaaggctcttgaagagtgtgaaggtagtagatttgcattgtgttctatgtgtacctatttaggacgcaaaaagagtgctcaattcgcatttaatctacacggtttttgcatagatttggatttggtagatggagaatgtcttgaaaatataatcgtgcttatagaagaaaagaaaaccattttgcgacctacctacattgtaaatagtggacacggtctccacattgtatatgtatttgaaaaacccattttactaaccaggggaaatatccctatcttacaagatgtaaaaagaagacttacagacacattatggagagaagatacaagtcactatttgcattatggagaagaaaaacaatatcaaggcatttatcaatgttttagaatgcctggaagttggaccaagtttgactcaacaacaaacaagcaaagaagtaaaagaatggttatggcttacaaagtaggagaaaaaatgtctcttacaagtatatgtgagtttttggactactcactcgaaaagttccattatgagtgggaaaaaccactcgcatacaatccaaagaaagaccctactaaagaagatggacaatacacgctcgaagaatgcaagaaactttttccaaaatggtataagagacgaattatcgacaaacaaggtaaaggacattggactatcaatcctggagcgtactattggctctatgacattttacaaaagcctggagtgattaaaaaaggtcatagatatagttcattgtgtgcattgtttgctattgctatcaaagcaggtcttcctaaagaacaagtaatagatgattgctatgctatcaaagactactacaactcaatgagtgaaatagacccatttacaagtaaagatatagaatgtgcaagcgattattatgatgagaagttttacaccgtctcagtaagaggtaaacacggaatagctgcattatgtggaataccaaatatagatatgtatatcaaaacaaaaagaaatggtagagaccaggaaacacatttaaaaagaatgagagtgttgagaacgcttactccgtatgacaaagtaggaagaaagtctaaaaaggaccttgtaaaagaatggagagaaaacaatccaaatggaagcaaggctcaatgtatcaaagaaactggacttacaaaaccaactgtttacaagtggtgggaatag
>gene_43645|Putative replication protien
atggaattttcaaggtcatacataagaagaatgagtcaattaagagtaggtcaattacaaatggtaggagcaaagaaaggagacaagacaggtctatttggtatagatacaaagatggataaaagtctccctatctatcaaagagcgtttcataaatggaaagatgagtatcgttacaaaaaccaaataatagaaagatactgtatgcttctaaatgacgaaaataccactatttcaaaaatgggatatgtaagcccacaagcatactatagagacatatttccaagtgataccatagaagcatataacgaaaagggaaaacgcaaagcaaacaaagaccttcctaaagaagaaagagtatatatacctactccaatagtgagttgctgccaatacaaagaagtagacgaaaatggcaatccatacgatacaagagaccctaaaagttggtatcaaaagaatatgcttctatttaacgattacaaggctcttgaagagtgtgaaggtagtagatttgcattgtgttctatgtgtacctatttaggacgcaaaaagagtgctcaattcgcatttaatctacacggtttttgcatagatttggatttggtagatggagaatgtcttgaaaatataatcgtgcttatagaagaaaagaaaaccattttgcgacctacctacattgtaaatagtggacacggtctccacattgtatatgtatttgaaaaacccattttactaaccaggggaaatatccctatcttacaagatgtaaaaagaagacttacagacacattatggagagaagatacaagtcactatttgcattatggagaagaaaaacaatatcaaggcatttatcaatgttttagaatgcctggaagttggaccaagtttgactcaacaacaaacaagcaaagaagtaaaagaatggttatggcttacaaagtaggagaaaaaatgtctcttacaagtatatgtgagtttttggactactcactcgaaaagttccattatgagtgggaaaaaccactcgcatacaatccaaagaaagaccctactaaagaagatggacaatacacgctcgaagaatgcaagaaactttttccaaaatggtataagagacgaattatcgacaaacaaggtaaaggacattggactatcaatcctggagcgtactattggctctatgacattttacaaaagcctggagtgattaaaaaaggtcatagatatagttcattgtgtgcattgtttgctattgctatcaaagcaggtcttcctaaagaacaagtaatagatgattgctatgctatcaaagactactacaactcaatgagtgaaatagacccatttacaagtaaagatatagaatgtgcaagcgattattatgatgagaagttttacaccgtctcagtaagaggtaaacacggaatagctgcattatgtggaataccaaatatagatatgtatatcaaaacaaaaagaaatggtagagaccaggaaacacatttaaaaagaatgagagtgttgagaacgcttactccgtatgacaaagtaggaagaaagtctaaaaaggaccttgtaaaagaatggagagaaaacaatccaaatggaagcaaggctcaatgtatcaaagaaactggacttacaaaaccaactgtttacaagtggtgggaatag
>gene_41877|Replication initiation protein A
atgcaaaaactcagtaaaatcaatacttctgacaatgaacaacttgttatttatgacaataaaatcaatgctcaaatggctggattaaaggcaaaagactatgatttatttatggtctgcgcctataagcttaaagatatggctaatcaatcaattgaagtcggctatcgtgagataaaggacttaatgcagactaaaaggcatatgagctttcaggagcttcaccagtaccttaaggacgaggaaagcatatcagatataaagtttacatttgttgatgaggacggagatattcataaaagaccattattcaaggcttttgatacaaaatggagaagtaaaaagcttgttttaaaggttaatgatgagtttgcagaatacttttcaaatctgcaaaaaaactttacagagcttgacttgattatctatacatcactcaaaagcaaatactcaaagattttatatcaaaatctctgccagtatcgtaacaagaacggtaaagggtggtgggatatacctttagaggacaatgtgagagatactcagccagtaggctttaagacactttttgaagttcctaaaacttacaaaaacaaagaaattctaaaagaaattgtgaagcctagtatggtcgagcttgcaccatatatggctatcgaggttacttcggtctatggaactggaagaggtaaaccacttatcggctatcactttgactttaagccagtacctacagctattgaggaaaagaaaccagtcagaagagaaatgaccgaggaagagaaagaacaatataatgctataaccgagggagctgagcaaatgactttagatgagtgcttgcaagatacgctctttgatttgattgataagtctggtcttggtcttggtttaaggtctgcaaatacaatcgtaaagagctgtatcaagaatggcagagacgcacagtttttgagtgacgctatagcctatgtaaaagagcaaggtgctaataatgtgggtgcaaagcttaattacttctgtacgcaaggctatgacaagcctgcaaagaaagctaaaaagaatagctttaacaattttgaacagagaaattatgactttgaagagcttgaaaaaatgctcttggctagaaattaa
>gene_17008|Replication initiation factor family protein
atgtctcaagagaacaaaattgtactacccccgtcttgtaacacgggggtagaaaagacacccaaagaggggatgaaggcgcttgtagactggcttgaaggcacttctaaaatgattcatcccgaaccggttatcgaaaacatcctaaagatgaatacggaggattttatcgatatggcaaaaggaaattatggatataaa
>gene_41820|Relaxase/Mobilisation
atggcagttattaaagcagtatcttcaaaagcagggataggaacagtatgcgactatgtgacaaaagacgagaaaacacagagcaagctcttgtctggtcttaactgtcagccagaaacagctaaggaagaaatgcagacaactaaagagatgtggggtaagacagacggacgcacctacaagcattttgttcagagctttgctccagacgaacatttggatccagagcaggctcaccagatagcttgtgagtttgctagtcaatgcaaacagttccaaggctttgaagttctgattgccactcatcaagatagagagcatatacatacgcattttgtccttaactctgtaagttatgaggacggacacaagtttcgtatgcacaaggacgagctacagcagatgaaagacttgtccgacaagatatgcaaagagcatgagctgtctatctgtcaaaaaggaaagacctttgacggacaagagagagaggaaacatcagcctacaccaaagagcaatataggttcttgaaacgagccgaaaaaggagaagtgaaaagctatgtgcaggatatagcccttgctgtcatggagtgcagggagcaagctacaagccaagatatgtttattcagcttatgcttgaaaggggctataagacggattggaaagacaatcacaaatatataacctggacagatttagccagggaaaacgcaggagagaaagcttgtaaaataagggataacaagcttgaaaaatactacaatatcgaatttggaaaggagagcttgttgcatgagtttgaagcaaatgcacaacgagagcaagcaagggaacagacaaccagagccagacaacagcttgctaatgttggtcgaggaacagagccagactatagccgacctgcaggaacaagtcagcaacctgcagaacagactagccgagcaggagcaagagagttcattgataatatccgagctaaagtcggaactgcagaagctggcagacaagaacgagaagctgaacggagcagacaacgtgctgaagcagaacgcagagctagagaaacagaacgaaagcttgcagaagcaaaagcaagaagctttgaaagaagcagaagcgagggaatatcacgctag
>gene_30735|recombinase
atgcacctcggaaaaaagctctcgatacggcacaatctgcggcagttcacgcaaggcgaatggaacaaagacggacacatcaacgccgccatgagccacaagaacgaaattctcattaacgaggatttgagagaagttttccgagaagaattttctgcggctatcgaggattttgaccgccgacagaagaacaaagaccgccgcattggtgggtgggaaaaatactactccgagcagaagaaaaaagcacaagaaatgattttgcaggtcgggaacgaacacgagcagttgacccccgaacagtatcatgagtttttcggtcgtgcggtcgaaatgttccaaaaagaaaacccctctttgagagtttttcacgcttctgttcactacgatgaaacaacgccgcacttacaccttgacttcattccgatagcgacatcagagcgaggactctcaaaaaaaatctccgttgacggagcattgaaaaacatcggatttgctagggataagaaatccgacacatacggcgataacgcctatatccgttggctgaaagaccgccgtgttcggtttgaaaaccttgcaagtgagtatgcggaaatcgtgcgctctgagccgtgtgtggtcgctcatcaagacccacagcaatataattaccgcaagaaacagggcgaaatgttgcaaggctgtatagacgacttgcagaacagcaaaaacccctttgcggtcacacaggcggctcacaagctcctcgaaaatgcggcggcagtgtctgagcttatggagcgaaaaggctcagaaacgctcagaaacgctcagaaagagcgtgaagctctaaaaaggggtacagatacccttaaccgccaaatcggcgaatataacgcctctgtgaagctcctgcgagcctcacaggagcgtttacagcatgatagggatattttatcccaacaagccgaaaagctcaaaaaagagcgttctgagcttgatacggcgatattcacggctgttaatcagcagttagaccactctgaacggcttgcagagttcttaaaaccgagccgagaataccaagaaagggtgaatatgcttgacaataactctcctcttgcagaccaaaagaacgagcgtgaaaaagaatga
>gene_44965|Site-specific recombinase, resolvase family
gtgaagcttgataaagcggttactgaggtgcttagtaagctggtaagtaataaaaagtttgcaggactgattcgttccaagatagatatagaagtagacaccacatctcttgatcaggaaataggtgctctcgaaaaagatcttcgccaatgttatcttaacaaagatgtgattcttaacttagtatattgtgttttttga
>gene_57512|Replication protein
atgatcaaggacgatgaactgtatgttgtgaagaagaataactttattcaggaatacaggattcaaaagctttctcttattgaaattcgaataatcaactatctgatcgccaacatacatagccctaagtttgacaaggagtttcagaaattccgttttgaaatcaatgagttttgtgatgtagtgtatcctggcagcaagcaaggtgatgcttacaagagattgccacaaatagttcaaaaactatccgacaaatctgcatggaaagaagttcccagcgaagagaagcctggaaagatgaagaaggttttaatccgatggatcgaacgaccagaatttgaagaagggtttgttacgctcgaactcaacccttatctagcgccatatcttcttcaggtagacagaagcttttttgaggcaaaattccagtacacagcgctggcgcaaagcaaatacacaattccactgtatgagcttttgaagtcttgggaaaaagcaacgggtaacgtgaaaaagtttgaattgatggagctcaggtcctatatggatgccttggaaaagtcgaaagataatgtagcagaattcaagaggagggctttagatccagccgtcaaggaaatcaacgaaatcacagatctctttgtaagctaccaggaaattaagcgaggaagaaaaacgacggatatcgaatttacaattctttcaaagaatgacatcgctaaaagtcaaaagtcgaatcagtcagattgggaagaagaaattcctggacagatggaaattgaggattactttgaagaaaaacaagagccaggattaagcatttctgaacagagatataaaaaaatcgtcgaagaaatacgtacgattatccaggatataaaccccgcatggacaatcaccgatgatcagatcgacgaaattaacaccatggcctacgagcacatgatatcaaaaatcaacatcatgctctacaaggcggaagatttgaatgaaattaggattgaatatcttcgtcggatcttgcggcgcgcaaaaggcaagggggccaaaaagaatctctatggctggctgatccgcgcatgggacgatgttattaaggatgtgaaaatcccgatgatcaccgaatttgatgattaa
>gene_14159|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggaaaattatggaaaggattggcaatgctgcatgagaacaaccacacatcacggccgtggtcgtaacaacaaaggttacagtgcaaggcacaatgacagaaactatgacattaacacggctactaacatcaaaaaagacaaagtcaaggacaatgtttacgagcatttttatggcgatgaaaaactgacttttgag
>gene_42859|Mobilization protein BmpH
atggctaaaggttcgaagaagggtgcctgcagtagcaacacccaatccgccaaggctaattgcctggctcatgatcgacgctctgggaaagtcccatcgtacgtcaatccacatctttctcacaccaatcgaattgtgttcgaagatgaaatgatccgtggacggaagtccatcgttcccctcgtccatcaagccgaaaagttatacaccgagaagacggggcagaaggtgcaagcatccttcgctgccttccgcgaatcgtgtctaactctccgcgaaggtatcaccgatgagcaactgttgaagttcaaggctgaagccgaacgtctgacaggttggaaatgcatcggtatctacctccatcaggatgagggtcacgtgcattccaagtacatcgagggggatgaagctttcgccatcaactaccatgcccatgtactttgggactgccaggatcatcagacgggtaaatccatcaagtgcaagagagcgcacctctcccagatgcaggatcttctttcagcagctaccggcatggagaggggcaacaaggcgagcgaaacggggctcagacaccgaagcgcattacagcagcgcatcgatgcccaggaggaacgtatcgcacagctggagcgcatcggcaagaccaaggacgatgagatagctgccaaggatgcagccatcaaggagaaagaccaggagatagagaagctatctcgagcagctgcggccaaggatgccaccattcagagcctgaaggcggcaggttcttgggtcaagggcaaactgaacctctctgacaaagatgatgtcataaaggctcagaaggcccaaatagccactctgacggatgaaagggataaagccaaggcgagtgaagccacagcccttcagaaagccaaggatgcagcctccaagggctacaacaaggctttggaggatgttcgcaagggtatgcgaatcagttggccacaatgggaaggaacctcactcgctggcattgttaccaaggtcaatgatgttgtggagtccaagaacctctggtaccaaagcagccaaagactggagagggagaacgaacgtctgaagagacagctcgaccctccatcgcagtcccagggaatgaaacgataa
>gene_53341|replication protein
gcctggcggatcaggtcgtccaggtcgatgctgaaatcggcggacccggtgctctcacggctgcatggcttctcagagtggatgccaggtgagacggtgcagctccggatgatcgccaacctcgtagagcgtggcttcaccgtggtggatcgggataccggtgaagtgctctttccggggtgtggggtgtccccacgctga
>gene_51703|Replication protein, phage-associated
gtgcagagcggtggggaccggctcggacacaaggatatcaccaagggcgtggaggactacgcccgcgagcggtaccggctggacgggcaaatcaaacgcatcctccgggccgatgccaagaagcgcgcaccggagaaattccccggcgacgtgtatcgcacgatcgactgcacctggtgccgcgtggctgacctgtcgatggtccgcccggtcgaccgggacagctaccactacaagggcctcgccacctgcgggagcctgtacacgtgcccgatctgcgcatcgaagattcaggagcgccgccggcaggaggtggagcaagccatcgcgtgggccagtggccaggagcgcgccggctacgtcgtctcgctgactttcccgcaccgcatcgaccaaccgttgagcgagcttttgaagctgcaacggcaggcgctacagcacatgcgaaacagccgcggctacaagaagctgatggagcgatgcaagcacgctggccgcattcgatcgctcgaagttacgcacggccaaaacggctggcacccgcacactcacgagctcctgttcctcgatcctgacgttcccgccgaatggcttaaatggcagcttgtttggctgtggctgaagtcctgccgaaaggtcggactgttccgcgacgaccgcgacaatgaggtcgatttctgccgctactcggtggacgtgcgcgccggcgatgaggggaccgccgattacctggcgaagatggacgaccaacgccagtgggggctatcgcacgagctcacgaagtccagcagcaagcaaggccggcgcgctggatcgcacccgttcaagctggccagcgagcctgcgacccacgggctgtttctcgagtacgtgcaggcgatgaagggctcccggcagctgatctggtcgcgcgggctgaaagaagccgtgggcgtggacgacaagaccgacgacgaaatcgcacgcgaggaagtcgccaaggtgatggaccagatcccggtttcagaaggtgcctggcactacgtggtgggcaatgacgcccgctgggaattgacgaacgaagccaagctcgggggcgcaccagccgtcgccgaatttctcttgtcgctgggctaccaggagggcagacgatga
>gene_21271|Mob protein
atgcctttcgcaattttgcgccttcagaaattgaaaacgtttgccgatatcggtggaagtctttcgcataattaccgcaaccgagaaacactcaatgctgattctgagcgcactcatctgaatgaccatgattttgatacaaacgaaaaatgcatgactgctattcgtgatcgtatccctgaaaaaagacgtaaagatgcggttttgtgtattgagcatttgattacagcgagtccggagtggaacggctggggaactgaaaaagaaactgagttttttgagcaatcaaaaaaatggctcgaaaataaatacggtaaaaataatgtcgtcagcaccaccattcaccgtgatgaaaaaacccctcaccttgtcgcctacgttgttccagtggacgaagaaacaggacgattgaatgctaaaaaatatatcggtggatctcgacatacactttcacagatgcagactaattttgcagttgaagtaaaagatttaggattagatcggggcgtacaggggagcaaagcaaaacatacgtctattcaagaatattatgaaaaattgaacaattacgagaatgaaccaggcattgaaaaaggactcacatatgaagtgcctgaacctgagttttttgaatctaaaaatgcctacggtgagagagttgcaaacgctatgattgatcagatatttgatcaaattggaccgcgatttgaccgagcgcatgcactggctagtcaaacggagaaattaaaaaaagaactgtctgataccaaaaaaacactcgatgaagttcagcaacgagcaaagccatatttagacataattaacgagtataaccacccaaatcttgaggaagaatttaataagcaagttgctagattaaaaaataattttgattcacaacttgaacaccatagattcttaaaaagagaggaagaacaagaaagattaaaccaacaacgtgaattcagagagcaattacgcttagaacaagaacaaaaaaaacaactggctgagcaagaaagacaggaaaaagagcgtttggcatttttaagacgtcaagaattggagaaacagagaaaaaatgaatccaaaaaaccttataacggcaaagataacgactactcaccctcataa
>gene_16374|recombinase
atgtcatttgctattttgcgtattcagaaacttaaatcatttgccgatgttggaggcagtctttcgcataattatcgcaatcgagaaacgttaaatgccgatgatgctcgtacacatttgaatgaacatgccttggataccaacgaaaaatgtatgaccgctattcgtgatcgtattcctgaaaaaagacgtaaagatgcagttttgtgtattgaacatttgattacagcgagtccggagtgggatggctggggaactgaaaaagaaaccgcattttttgagcagtcgaaaaaatggcttgaaaataaatatggtaaaaataatgtcgtcagcaccaccattcaccgtgatgaaacaacccctcaccttgtcgcctacgttgttccagtggacgaagaaacggggcgattgaatgctaaaaaatatatcggtggatctcgacatacactttcacaaatgcagactgattttgcagttgaagtaaaagatttaggactagatcgagggatccaagggagcaaggcaaaacatacgtctattcaagaatattatgaaaaattgaacaattacgagaatgaaccaggcattgaaaaaggactcacctatgaagtgcctgaacctgagttttttgaatctaaaaatgcctacggtgagagagtcgcaaacgctatgattgatcagatatttgatcaaattgcgccacgatttgaccgagcgaatgcactggctagtcaaacggaaaaattaaaaaaagaactgtctgataccaaaaaaacactcgatgaggttcagcaacgagcaaagccatatttagacataatcaacgaatataatcatccaaatcttgagaaagaatttaataagcaagttgctaaattaaaagataattttgattcagcacttgaacatcatagattcctaaaaagacaggaagaacaagaaagatttaaccaacaacgtgaacttcgcaatcaattacacttagagcacgaacaaaaaaaacaactggctgagcaagaaaagcaggaaaaagaacgtttggcacttttaagacgtcaagaattagaaaaacagcgaaaaaatgagcctaaaaaacctgataacgccaatgataacgactactcaccctcataa
>gene_52588|recombinase
atgtcatttgctattttgcgtattcagaaactcaaatcatttgccgatgttggaggcagtctttcgcataattatcgcaatcgagaaacgttaaatgccgatgatgctcgtacacatttgaatgaacatgccttggataccaacgaaaaatgtatgaccgctattcgtgatcgtattcctgaaaaaagacgtaaagatgcagttttgtgtattgaacatttgattacagcgagtccggagtgggatggctggggaactgaaaaagaaaccgcattttttgagcagtcgaaaaaatggcttgaaaataaatatggtaaaaataatgtcgtcagcaccaccattcaccgtgatgaaacaacccctcaccttgtcgcctacgttgttccagtggacgaagaaacggggcgattgaatgctaaaaaatatatcggtggatctagacatacactttcacaaatgcagactgattttgcagttgaagtaaaagatttaggactagatcgagggatccaagggagcaaggcaaaacatacgtctattcaagaatattatgaaaaattgaacaattacgagaatgaaccaggcattgaaaaaggactcacctatgaagtgcctgaacctgagttttttgaatctaaaaatgcctacggtgagagagtcgcaaacgctatgattgatcagatatttgatcaaattgcgccacgatttgaccgagcgaatgcactggctagtcaaacggaaaaattaaaaaaagaactgtctgataccaaaaaaacactcgatgaggttcagcaacgagcaaagccatatttagacataatcaacgaatataatcatccaaatcttgagaaagaatttaataagcaagttgctaaattaaaagataattttgattcagcacttgaacatcatagattcctaaaaagacaggaagaacaagaaagatttaaccaacaacgtgaacttcgcaatcaattacacttagaacaagaacagaaaaaacaactggctgaacaagaaaggcaggaaaaagaacgtttggcacttttaagacgtcaagaattagaaaaacagcgaaaaaatgagcctaaaaaacctgataacgccaatgataacgactactcaccctcataa
>gene_15415|MobA/MobL family
atgaaaaacgtaatagtgaagtcccggaagattaacgatgtgtccgggaacattgcatacctctgcaatcgtgatgagcacccggacgtttgttttgtggcgtcaacttgctccagggaactttgggacgagtatgctgcagtcaatcagaaagagtttaaggcctccggcaaggctgatgttggccgttgcgtggaagccagggagctgatttatgtattcccaaacgagttctacaatctagatcatgttaaaaaaggtaagctgaccagggcttttgcgaagcattggaaagatacctacggtctgaattgcgttgtggccatgcatggaaacgataaggacaacaagaatctgcacctgcacgttatgtacatggagcgtgttaaagtcgataaggagctaaaaatagcccctagacgtttatatttcaatgagatgggcagacaggttaagtctaaaaaggacgttttgggagaggacggacagcttcgaccaggctgcagcttcgttcgcaagggggaacagtacggagaaaaggaatggacaagcaagaaacagtacttccacagtaacaaattcaccgctgatactaaacagttctgggcaaactacctcaataaagccagggaaatgccatttgctttagattggggaatggaagaaagaacggtctatgaccgagaaaacagtccatttctgccgatgcaggagctaatcaatccactccgctacagagatgcggagaaacagaagctctcaatagagaaagcggaagcggtgaacaaggatatcagggactgcaacgacctgcggacgttatacaatgactgtgtcgaatacctcattgaaagaggggcagacgtccaggctctcgtcagtaccaggaagctggtttccaggaatattatccaggcccttgaaaatggtaaacctcatcagattaaggatatcatcaataacggcattggtatcctggaacgagagaatgagcgaatgacccttaaaatgcaaaacaagcggccaaccatcagcgaaatgattgctttcggcattgatagtggcggaatgacaccagaattaagacgtcagcaagcgaaggctaaaagccgtgatgatgattgggagcgttaa
>gene_36979|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcatcacaagtaatggacataaaactggacaaaagtatgtccagaggacagtctaacgaacatcttcgcaacttctccaaagaagcctacgaggacaagagagcgcataacttcgaccccaca
>gene_13966|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ggcattgaattgcccgagtggattaattctgatgttttagactcagaatatctttctgaaaatcaaataacaaatttgcccgagcaaatgtcttttcgagttttaaaagagcgagaaaacctttgtgaaggactaaaacgcaagccgcaaaaaaatgcttctgctgccgttgagttcaccatttctgcaagtccagagtttaaaggcgattggagtaagtttttaggaatggcagaaaatttcttgcgtaaaaagtttgggaataattgcattcagtttgcagttcactatgacgaaacaacaccgcacttacacgctttgtatgtgccgattgtcgaaaaaaatggagttaggaaatattcgtcgtcagagtttttgggcggtaaggttggactacaaaaactgcatacagaattttatgagcaagttggaaaaaagtttgggttagagcgtggtgagttaggaagtcgtgctaagcacaacgaaataaaaacttaccgagaacttacagacaaagttttggagaaagaacgagatttgactaaaaagtctttagacttgtcatattcgaaaattgaatggcaaaaacaaaaagaagcagaagaagtagttttaacacaacaaaaaaatgccctagaaacgctctcagaagccctagaaacgcgtcaaaagggtttggacaagaaaaatatcgaactaagtcaaaaagacgcgtctatgaccgttttagagcgttctctacaagaacgagaaaaacaacttaatgagcaagaacaaaaacttgtcgaatggcaaaaaatggcaagagaaaactctttggaagttttgaaagaatgtgacaagtcagaaaaaagacatttttattttcccgataatccgcgtgagtttatgcaaaaagttaaagcaagtcttacaagtgcttggaataaagtttctgaactgttgcaaaaaaaagacaaactagaaaagcaactagaacaaacaacgcaaaaattaaacaagtgggaaaattcaactcctgatgaccttgaaaagcaagtaaaacttcttcgccaaaataacgctagaaatacatctgaactgctccaaaaaatcaaaaataaaaagtctaaatcttgggaatgggaaagatag
>gene_34330|Hypothetical Rep protein
atgacacacgctgatttgacgccagaaggcgattgtctgccgatcttcgtagaaggttcggaagcgctccctttgccgattttcgtcactcgccaaactgaccgatcgagcaagaaagtgatgtgggaaaagaacggtaaaacaacggaagaacaacggaccgtgaacggcaaaacaacggaagctgcaacggcttag
>gene_16981|Rep protein
atgaatatcataaaaaacgattatgcttttattttcttgactttaactgttccgaatgtgagtgctgatgagttgtctcacgcaatagacgaactcggtcaaggttggcgtaagctgatgaaacacaagaaagttaaaaagattgtcaaaggttattttaaagctttagagattacgagaaatgctatgcgtgatgattatcatcctcacttccatatcgttttggctgttcctctgtcttattttaaaagccgtgattatattagccgtgatgaatggttgtcaatttggcgtgagtgtatgagtgataacaggataacacaggtcgatgtaagacgagcaaaggacaagcactctaaagatgagttacaggcttctgatgacttggcttcggctgttgccgagattgctaaatatgcggttaaatctgccgattatattatcgagggtgacgagctgactacggataaggttgtgtctgtttttgctgatgtgcttcacggtcggcgtttgtgtgactttgaccgtaatggtgcttttggttctgccagggcacagcttaaacttgacgatgtcgaggacggtgatctgattcatcttgatgctgaaaagattgacccgtctgttgcattattgattgttcgttatggttggtctgcaggtgtttataaaatgactgatacttatatcaagtctgacggcgagccgatgtga
>gene_30830|Protein rep
ttgacggttgatttaggtcttaaaaaagaaaatagccataacgtggtggctcacgctacggcttgtgtcgtctctgcagacggtgtagatagtttggatatattatctgtcggagattataccacaaaaaatggtatttgtcaagagtatacagagttatccgagattgaaaaaaagtttttacctaaacgcatacagtctgaattgttgtctgcttcgttctctcggttggattatagaaagcgttcttaccgtgttttggattgtggtacatatttggaatttgctcacgctattgatagttttggtgttgttgctgataaaggtaaattacataatgctaacttctgccgtgatagactttgccctatgtgttcttggcgtaggtcttataaaatctttgctcaagtctcacagattatgaatatcataaaaaacgattatgcttttattttcttgactttaactgttccgaatgtgagtgctgatgagttgtctcacgcaatagacgaactcggtcaaggttggcgtaagctgatgaaacacaagaaagttaaaaagattgtcaaaggttattttaaagctttagagattacgagaaatgctatgcgtgatgattatcatcctcacttccatatcgttttggctgttcctctgtcttattttaaaagccgtgattatattagccgtgatgaatggttgtcaatttggcgtgagtgtatgagtgataacaggataacacaggtcgatgtaagacgagcaaaggacaagcactctaaagatgagttacaggcttctgatgacttggcttcggctgttgccgagattgctaaatatgcggttaaatctgccgattatattatcgagggtgacgagctgactacggataaggttgtgtctgtttttgctgatgtgcttcacggtcggcgtttgtgtgactttgaccgtaatggtgcttttggttctgccagggcacagcttaaacttgacgatgtcgaggacggtgatctgattcatcttgatgatgaaaagattgacccgtctgttgcattattgattgttcgttatggttggtctgcaggtgtttataaaatgactgatacttatatcaagtctgacggcgagccgatgtga
>gene_48924|Replication protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaataagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggttgtggaaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaacactgatagtttggtaggttgtagattttataataagtcaatagccgagtgtaaacttttaatagtaacaagtgttaagccgatagaacaattttattttaatgcaacacaagtagaacgagagccacaaaaacaattgtttagaagatttcctacaaaaatagtaatggatatcaagtatatgaccttttatgcctataatgagcaattaaacgagtattttaagcaagttaggtgtatcaatcctgttagtgcattatttaataaagaagtggctcat
>gene_30309|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain
tttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaacactgatagtcttgtaggttgtagattttataataagtcaatagccgagtgtaaacttttaatagtaacaagtgttaagccgatagaacaattttattttaatgcaacacaagaagagcgagagccacaaaaacaactgtttagaagatttcctacaaaaatagtaatggataccgagtatatgaccttttatgcctataatgagcaattaaacgagtattttaagcaagttaggtgtatcaatcctgttagtgcattatttaataaagaagtggcacataaatttgctaccgatttagttaaaacaatgggtttagaagtagtagaagacctaaccaccgagcaacaaacaatgctaccaaaaaccgacaaaaaaaaacaaaatactacaaaaaagaaagtttag
>gene_30310|Plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgt
>gene_30199|Replication protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaacactgatagtcttgtaggttgtagattttataataagtcaatagccgagtgtaaacttttaatagtaacaagtgttaagccgatagaacaattttattttaatgcaacacaagaagagcgagagccacaaaaacaactgtttagaagatttcctacaaaaatagtaatggataccgagtatatgaccttttatgcctataatgagcaattaaacgagtattttaagcaagttaggtgtatcaatcctgttagtgcattatttaataaagaagtggcacataaatttgctaccgatttagttaaaacaatgggtttagaagtagtagaagacctaaccaccgagcaacaaacaatgctaccaaaaaccgacaaaaaaaaacaaaatactacaaaaaagaaagtttag
>gene_50899|Replication protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaacactgatagtcttgtaggttgtagattttataataagtcaatagccgagtgtaaacttttaatagtaacaagtgttaagccgatagaacaattttattttaatgcaacacaagaagagcgagagccacaaaaacaactgtttagaagatttcctacaaaaatagtaatggataccgagtatatgaccttttatgcctataatgagcaattaaacgagtattttaagcaagttaggtgtatcaatcctgttagtgcattatttaataaagaagtggcacataaatttgctaccgatttagttaaaacaatgggtttagaagtagtagaagacctaaccaccgagcaacaaacaatgctaccaaaaaccgacaaaaaaaaa
>gene_3272|Replication protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaa
>gene_44330|Replication initiator protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaac
>gene_43415|Replication protein
atgcaatattttgagtattatgatgttgttgaaattgctgttattgagcaaagaataaaaagcctaacaagtctaaaaaaatatgcttttatagttcacgataaagatacattagacaatggacaacctaaaaagccacactttcatattgtccttacttttagcaatgctacaacaagtgatgttatagcaaaaataatgcaagttgaagagcaatatataaataaaattaggactactacaaaaagtgctatgttgtatttagtgcatagaaatgacccaaacaaatatcaatataaccctagtgaagttatagcaaattttgattatgtagagtatgttgatggttgcgagcctaaacaaaaaagagaaaatatagccaacttaattgatagtggtagcataaagccttataatttaactgattacataacaatagacgagtatagcaaaaataaaatatattatgataggtgttttgagtatagacaaaacaagttgaaaggagttgatagacaaatggagtgtttatttattagtggcactagtggtagtggtaaaacaacacaagcaaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggttataggtgctacattagtagtggtggtaaaaacccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagagtgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatactagttataaaatgtctgacttcttaaaacttaccgataacaacactgatagtcttgtaggttgtagattttataataagtcaatagccgagtgtaaacttttaatagtaacaagtgttaagccgatagaacaattttattttaatgcaacacaagaagagcgagagccacaaaaacaactgtttagaagatttcctacaaaaatagtaatggataccgagtatatgaccttttatgcctataatgagcaattaaacgagtattttaagcaagttaggtgtatcaatcctgttagtgcattatttaataaagaagtggcacataaatttgctaccgatttagttaaaacaatgggtttagaagtagtagaagacctaaccaccgagcaacaaacaatgctaccaaaaaccgacaaaaaaaaacaaaatactacaaaaaagaaggtttag
>gene_26820|Conjugative transposon TraJ protein
atggtactattagcagtaaactttgacaatctgcatcagatactccagagtctgtatgtggatatgatgcccctctgttcgcagatgacgggtgtcgccaaaggacttgccggattgggtgctctcttctatgtcgcctatcgtgtctggcagtcgttggcaagagccgagcacgcaagcactatctatcgttat
>gene_46027|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
ttgacaccgtcacttgtaaatgcactgatagaccgcattgaggttcataataaggaaaaaatcgacggggtttcccgtgttaaggtcgatatctacttcaatgtgatcggaatgatggatattcccgatcaagaaaagatcaaagcgattatgaaagaaatcaaggaaaatccgcagaaattcaagtgtgttgcgtaa
>gene_38646|replication protein, partial
actgataaatataaggcaatcggcgaaatgatggactattgcgaacttaatgacatatatagttattcgcaactattactctatgctcgttccgagaggttcgattggttccgtgtcctctgtgataatggaacagtagttgttaaagaatatcttaagtcacgttcctggacaaatagaggtgttgataatgattga
>gene_37809|RepB
atgtcaaaaaaggaacgagatcaaaaatatgatgccaaaagagccggggcacggacacgaaattggacagctgttttgtaccctgaagatctgccagaggactggcggaaaagaatggatgaggggctggttaaatggatagaatcgccattgcataatggcgattttaacgccgatggcacgccgaaaaaaata
>gene_44581|MobA
ctggagccggcgcaggacgcctggggggacttcttcgcggaagccgccacgggcgggctgcgcgacgacctagcgcgtgatctggaccgggaacgacaggtggcggagcaggccgagtgcacccgccggctggagattgagcatgagcggaaggcccatgcgcttcgggacgacgagctggatcatgggctgtaa
>gene_53413|Rep
gtgcctcaagggtttacaagggcgcagccatgcgcccgcccttatcttgataatatagaaacacctgaagctttttcttatgcagcaaaacgcaacaatttcagcttttttagcttgaaaaaagctcccatctctggtaagattgtaatcgccaaaccacaaccatacaaaagaaaggagctcatcttcatggataagcttaacacactattgcagcgaatgcaacccaaaaaaaacagagcctacgcattggctgcggccttcgatcgacttggattacagaccagagcacagcttgttttggagtgcggcacgttcctcgggatcaccgaagaagaaggggaagtaaagatcgtggaagccaatttttgcaagcagcgcctttgcccgctttgcagttggaggcgcagccttaaaattttctcaaacacaagcaggattttgaatcacttggacgccacccgagggaaagagataaaatatctgttcctcaccctcactgtccaaaatgtcaggctggaagatttagggtcaacgatcgacagcatggcagctgcctaccacagactcacaaacaataaagcatggaagcggcgtgttttgggagcaatgcgaactcttgaaattaccataaaccgcgaaaccgggcaagcgcacccgcattatcatctgatcctcgccgtaaatcgacagtatgcgacaaaaaacgacgaaacatactggacacataaagaatggcaagctgcctggaaaaaagccgcccggcttaattataccccgatggtcagcatcgaaagagttaaaggccggcaagccggcattgccgaggttgccaaatacatggccaaggacaccgactatctcattgatgccaccgaagcccacatgggaaccgaagaagccgaagcgctcacggattacatagtgcgaaacctgcacgaccagctgaaaggccgccggctactcagctataccggcatcctccgggaagctcaaaaagaattaaaattaaccgacccggaagccgggccgctcacagacacaatcagaggcgacatcacatctgcaatccagcattatcactggaatgccggtgtcggctgctacgtcgcagcagggagggaagcatga
>gene_33557|Replication protein A
atgggagaactcagtagaataaacaaagacgtctatacttcgtatctcttcacgatggcgaagtatgatttctccatctatgaaaaacgtatcgtatatcgtctcatcgatatggcacaagccgagattgaaggcatgttgataaaggataatctccggaaagtccacaagcagcagggcaaccgcgaggtcacaatgccgattgcatcaatacttaagaacgagaaggacgagaattatacaatcgccaaaaaggctttccgaactctcgcctgcaagggtctggagtatgaagaccctgatatatgggttttcatcaatatcatagcggctcccaaattcgacaagaaagccggcactgctacgttcattgtcttcgatgagatatggcagtgtcttctaaatttctccaagggttatcggaagtatgaattgaataccatcatggcgttcaaatcagtctataccatgcgcatgtatgagctgatgtccggacaaaagacccctctctctttcacaaacgaggcgtttgaaagtctttgtgataggtttaaactacccaagaccatgcgtaggcctcagattttcgaggaaaaggttctcaatatggcaaaacgcgaattagatgaatttgcgccctattcgttcacttataagcgtgaaactataccatggaggggacgtatcggagaaaaaattataggttataccttctacccagtcgagattgccaagaaccgggatccgaacctcgaggaatctcaactcgcttccaaggtaggcaatatcgatggcagatacggcatgctggagttcgaggtctctaacctcctccatcatctcggattcacgagggaggaaatcaacgccctcgagaataagaaactattcgtaagggcacagaaggaactcaccgcagatggattaatcgacgggcttgaacgaatccggcagagcgcacttcgcaataagaaggtgacgaatttcaaagggtatatcatcaacggattgaagaccatgctcaatgaaaaaacaaatccggaggaacccaacaagtataccgctaagccggaagaacaatcaaatctcaacaatctaatcggaggtcttgccgacaaattcaagttttga
>gene_7460|Rep
atggtcaccctgaccgtccgtcacgaccgcactgacagcttgaaatccgtctgggacgctgtggccgccgggtggcaccgagtgacctccggtgctccctggaaacgcctggtagcccgccacggcatcgcaggatgggcaaaagcagttgaggtcactcacggggccaacggttggcacgtccacgtacacgccgtgatcgcgcatcaaagcacgcaggcgcaggtgatggggaccgaaatattcgaccgctggaatgcaggtattgaatccgtcggcttcaccgctgaagctggccccggcgtggacgttcaagtcgctggcgatgacctgggcaaactcggcctctacctggccaaactcggcgctgacctgcccggcctggcccgagaagcgacccaaggtggacagaaacacgcccgcggggccaaccgcaccccgttccaaattgccgctgacctggtcgaaaacggcgaggcagaagatgccgcgatctgggccgaatggacacgcaccgcgcccggtcatcgtgccctgtcctggtccaagaacttccgcaaaaacttcggcctcaccgaagacgagcaagacgacgaaaccatcgccgcgaccgaaaccggcaccgacgacgacacgatcctcgtcctacccaacaacacctggaaaaaactccgccaccgatcccacttcctcctcgactacgccgaaaaccacggccccaccgccctcaaaacctggctgaccaccaacggctacccctggaaccacccacccaccaacacatcaacgcatcaacacacacacccaccaacacaccaccgcatcaacgcataa
>gene_16032|Initiator RepB protein
atgccaaaaagaacgaaattaccccaagtacctgattacgttggtacgtcaaaaaaccctctcgtacaaaaatcgaacccgctacaatcacttgccgaaacatcgcttactcttccagaattgaaaattgtggacgtttacttatcaagaattaactctcatgagcctgaaaaacgctacgtgagatttgagagaggggaactggagaatcttctgggcgttaaaagattgctccaagatgatctcgataaaagattagacaatctttttacctcagttactctgagagatgaaacgaaaccgaaaagatttgtaaaaattgggctttttgaaaaagcacatgctgagcagaatgaggatggtctttggcaagtcgatcttgcctgcactccgtctgctatggaatatattttcaacgttgaaaatataggatatttgcgatacagattgagaaatattatcgaccttacaagcagatattcatacgttatgtatctttatctggaaaataaccgttttcggaagaagtgggaaatctcagttgatgaactgagaaagattttaaactgcactgcagaaagttatgatgcttataaggtctttaatgacaaagtattgaagaaaattcagaaagaattacatgagaaaacggaatgtagatatacatataagcctgtaaaaaaagggcggaaagtcgtgaaaatcgagtttgaggtcgaaacgctttccacgattattgaagatgtagaagccaacgaaatcacagggcagatgtccatggaagattttacgacaaacagggagctgtgggagacacttctggatgacttccggttcaaacgggaagagcttgacgagcttggcgagcttctaaaagccgtgccggaaattaagttaccagaagataatgcgactggaactggcgatattagtatcaggcgatatcactatcttagtctgaaaatcaaagcaatggagaggtacgacaagattaagcctatccgtaataaatttagttatttgaggaaaatggttcaggaagatgtgaaaaataatacaaaggattttgcagaatttaaacagcctgattatgcttacaaagcgctagaggagaaacttctcaaccagtga
>gene_53923|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgagagggggaaataaagtgggttatgcagtcgttcacatgatgaaaataaagtctggggcggtcggtggaatccagagccacaacaaccgtgaacatgaacctaagacgaacccagatgtagatatgagccgttcagaggataactatgaccttatcccctgcgacaactacaagaggtcaatcaaggagaaattgtcgaaccttgtcgaaagcagtcgagctgtcagaaaggacgctgttgtggtctgcaatttcatagtgacctcggacaatgaaacaatggaagccctgggagctgaccgtcagagggagttcttcgaggacagtgtaaagtggttctctgaccgctacggagctgacagggtgcttaatgctaccgtccacatggacgagactacaccacacctgcatatcggggtcatgccgataacacaggacggcagactgtcagcaaaggcaatcttcacgaaaaccgaaatgaaagccatacaaacggagtttgcccgtgatgtgggcgagaaatacggcttggagcgtggcgtagaggggtcagagcgtacccacctgtcagaagcccgatttaaggagcaaaaggctctggaaatggcgaatgaacacggagcaatcgcacaggagcttcaaataatcgcagaggactgcaaacaggagctttcagaagccaccagaagccttgaaacggtcaaacaggagctttccaccatgcaggacaggaaagacaccttacagggcgaaatagagcgtctggaagaagttaagagcagagcaaaccagaccatgaagcgagtgcatgagacggtcaatcagcagaagcctgtcctgcttgacttgcagaagcggatcagcgaagcgaagtcggagctatccgtggttgagacagcggtaaaagagaaaaaggcagagggtgcagagaagttcggttgggacggcatggcagagcggatagagcgtgccagaaaagaagctggcaaggacaaccacattaaggctctggaagcccgtataagcctcttagagcgttttatttctttaccgcaagtaaaacctctatgggagcagtttcaagcccttatgagcaggaagaagccccagaaagaccatgagagataa
>gene_31748|Mob/Pre
atgagagggggaaataaagtgggctatgcagtcgttcacatgatgaaaataaagtctggggcggtcggtggaatccagagccataacaaccgtgaacatgaacctaagacaaacccagatgtagatatgagccgttcagaggataactatgaccttatcccctgcgacaactacaagaggtcaatcaaggagaaattgtcgaaccttgtcgaaagcagtcgagctgtcagaaaggacgctgttgtggtctgcaacttcatagtgacctcggacaatgagacaatggacgctctgggagctgaccgccagagagagttcttccaggacagcgtgaagtggttctctgaccgctacggagctgacagggtgcttaatgccactgtccacatggacgagactacaccgcacttgcatatcggggtcatgccgataacacaggacggcaggctgtcagcaaaggcaatcttcacgaaaaccgaaatgaaagccatacagacggagtttgcccgtgatgtgggcgagaagtacggcttagagcgtggcgtagaggggtcagagcgtacccacctgtcagaagcccgattcaaggagcaaaaggctctggaaatggcaaatgaacacggagcaatcgcacgggagcttcaaataatcgcagaggactgcaaacaggagctttctaccatgcaggacaggaaagacaccttacagggcgaaatagagcgtctggaagaagttaagagcagggcaaaccaaaccatgaagcgagtgcatgagacggtcaatcagcagaagcctatcctgcttgacttgcagaagcggatcagcgaagcgaagtcagagctatccgtggtcgaaacagcagtaaaagagaaaaaagcagagggtgcagagaagttcggttgggatggcatggcagagcggatagagcgtgccagaaaagaagctggcaaggacaatcacattaaggctctggaagcccgtataagcctcttagagcgttttatttctttaccgcaagtaaaacccttgtgggagcagtttcaagcccttataggcaggaagaagccccagaaagaccatgagagataa
>gene_49947|Mobilization protein
gttcacatgatgaaaataaagtctggggcggtcggtgggattcagagtcacaacaaccgtgagcatgaacctaagaccaacccagatgtggatatgaaccgttcagaggataactatgaccttatcccctgcgacaactacaagaggtcaatcaaggagaaattgtcgaaccttgtcgaaagtagtcgagctgtcagaaaggacgctgttgtggtctgcaacttcatagtgacctcggacaatgagacaatggacgctctgggagctgaccgccagagggagttcttccaggacagcgtgaagtggttctccgaccgctacggagctgacagggtgcttaatgctaccgtccacatggacgagactaccccacacctgcatatcggggtcatgccgataacgcaggacggcaggctgtcggcaaaggcaatcttcacgaaaaccgaaatgaaagccatacagacggagttcgcccgtgatgtgggcgagaaatacggtttggagcgtggtatagaggggtcagagcgtacccacctgtcggaagcccgattcaaggagaaaaaggctctggaaatggcgaacgaacacggggcaatcgcacaggagcttcagataatcgcagaggactgcaaacaggagctttcagaagccaccagaagccttgaaacggtcaaacaggagctttctaccatgcaggacaggaaagacaccttacagggcgaaataaagcgtctggaagaagtcaagagcagggcagaccagaccatgaagcgagtgcatgagacggtcaatcagcagaaacctatcctgcttgacttacagaagcggatcagcgaagcgaagtcagagctatccgtggtcgagacagcagtaaaagagaaaaaggcagagggtgcagagaagttcggttgggacggcatggcagagcggatagagcgtgccagaaaagaagctggtaaggacaaccacattaaggctctggaagctcgtataagcctcttagagcgttttatttctttaccgcaagtaaaacccttatgggagcagtttcaagcccttataggcaggaagaagccccagaaagaccatgagagataa
>gene_28125|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgagagggggaaataaagtgggctatgcagtcgttcacatgatgaaaataaagtctggggcggtcggtgggattcagagtcacaacaaccgtgagcatgaacctaagaccaacccagatgtggatatgaaccgttcagaggataactatgaccttatcccctgcgacaactacaagaggtcaatcaaggagaaattgtcgaaccttgtcgaaagtagtcgagctgtcagaaaggacgctgttgtggtctgcaacttcatagtgacctcggacaatgagacaatggacgctctgggagctgaccgccagagggagttcttccaggacagcgtgaagtggttctccgaccgctacggagctgacagggtgcttaatgctaccgtccacatggacgagactaccccacacctgcatatcggggtcatgccgataacgcaggacggcaggctgtcggcaaaggcaatcttcacgaaaaccgaaatgaaagccatacagacggagttcgcccgtgatgtgggcgagaaatacggtttggagcgtggtatagaggggtcagagcgtacccacctgtcggaagcccgattcaaggagaaaaaggctctggaaatggcgaacgaacacggggcaatcgcacaggagcttcagataatcgcagaggactgcaaacaggagctttcagaagccaccagaagccttgaaacggtcaaacaggagctttctaccatgcaggacaggaaagacaccttacagggcgaaataaagcgtctggaagaagtcaagagcagggcagaccagaccatgaagcgagtgcatgagacggtcaatcagcagaaacctatcctgcttgacttacagaagcggatcagcgaagcgaagtcagagctatccgtggtcgagacagcagtaaaagagaaaaaggcagagggtgcagagaagttcggttgggacggcatggcagagcggatagagcgtgccagaaaagaagctggtaaggacaaccacattaaggctctggaagctcgtataagcctcttagagcgttttatttctttaccgcaagtaaaacccttatgggagcagtttcaagcccttataggcaggaagaagccccagaaagaccatgagagataa
>gene_3010|Mob
aggtcaatcaaggagaaattgtcgaaccttgtcgaaagtagtcgagctgtcagaaaggacgctgttgtggtctgcaacttcatagtgacctcggacaatgagacaatggacgctctgggagctgaccgccagagggagttcttccaggacagcgtgaagtggttctccgaccgctacggagctgacagggtgcttaatgctaccgtccacatggacgagactaccccacacctgcatagcggggtcatgccgataacgcaggacggcaggctgtcggcaaaggcaatcttcacgaaaaccgaaatgaaagccatacagacggagttcgcccgtgatgtgggcgagaaatacggtttggagcgtggtatagaggggtcagagcgtacccacctgtcggaagcccgattcaaggagaaaaaggctctggaaatggcgaacgaacacggggcaatcgcacaggagcttcagataatcgcagaggactgcaaacaggagctttcagaagccaccagaagccttgaaacggtcaaacaggagctttctaccatgcaggacaggaaagacaccttacagggcgaaataaagcgtctggaagaagtcaagagcagggcagaccagaccatgaagcgagtgcatgagacggtcaatcagcagaaacctatcctgcttgacttacagaagcggatcagcgaagcgaagtcagagctatccgtggtcgagacagcagtaaaagagaaaaaggcagagggtgcagagaagttcggttgggacggcatggcagagcggatagagcgtgccagaaaagaagctggtaaggacaaccacattaaggctctggaagctcgtataagcctcttagagcgttttatttctttaccgcaagtaaaacccttatgggagcagtttcaagcccttataggcaggaagaagccccagaaagaccatgagagataa
>gene_16358|Rep
atgttcccaaatcacgcatcccctgtcaagaaaaaaagcatacctagtgtgccctcgcccgaattagtagattttctttatgataacgacttgcccgagggtgtagatgtctctctagcgtccgtatctgcccgtgacagcgtttgggacaagcacaggctagatacccttatcattcaagaaatgtacgccatagagtgtgaatttgagcgttatagcgaacgtatgacggattgcagtgggtggctcaagttcggatttaatgaagttaatggattagtgctaaaacaagcctgtttttgccgtgttcgttactgtggcatgtgccaatggcgtaggtcattactttggaaagctctgatgtataagacatacgatgaaatcatgcagacacacccgacacaccgctttgtgtttttgacgctgactgtgagaaacccaaaaattgaggacttgcgcgaaaccttgcagcacatgaacaaatcatggcaacggttgattaagcgtaaagaatttatggcggctgttaagggttgggtacgcacaaccgaagttacacgccccaaagaccctaaagacaaaaacaagaaatacaaaagggtttgtccaacaactggaaacacacacgcccacccacactttcacgtaatccttatggttgacccgtcttactttggtaggaattatatcaagcgtgacaagtggcaagagctttgggctgattgtctgcgtgttgattatatgccgcaagttgatattagaaccgtcaagccaaggaaaaagggtgctggtgttgatgatggtatgcgtggggcgattgctgaaaccttgaaatatgccgttaagcctgatgacatcatgcacgataaccaagacccgaaagcgcgtgaatggttttatgagctgacccgccaaacgcaccgattgagatttgttgctactggtgggctgctcaaaaatgccctaaaacctgatgatgatattaccaatgatgatttgatcgatactggcaatgatgacgaagtgactgaaactgatggacggctattaaattttacttggtacaaatcgaaaggcggttacctgtataacccaatccataacgagtaa
>gene_866|Replication protein
atgttcccaaatcacgcaaccactgtcaacgaaaatattaaaaagcataacaaaaacgttgataaaaatatcccttcagccgaattaattgattttctctacgataccgacttacccgatggcgtagatgtctctctagcgtccgtatcagcccgtgacagcgtttgggacaagcataggctagatacactcatcattcaggaaatgtacgccatagagtgcgaatttgagcgttacagcgaacgtatgacggattgcagtgggtggctcaagtttggatttaatgaagttaacggtttagttttgaaacaagcctttttttgccgtgttcgttactgcggtatgtgccaatggcgtaggtcattactctggaaagccttgatgtataaaacatacgatgaaattatgcagacacacccgacacatcgctttgtgtttttaaccctgacgcttaaaaatccgcctatcggtgacttgcgcgaaaccttgcaacacatgaataaatcatggaaacgcttgattaatcgcaaagagtttatggctgctgttaagggttgggtacgcacgacagaagttacacgccccaaagaccctaaagacaaaaacaagaaatacaaaagggtttgtccaacaactggaaacacacacgcccacccacactttcacgtaatccttatggttgacccgtcttactttggtaggaattatatcaagcgtgacaagtggcaagagctttgggctgattgtctgcgtgttgattatatgccgcaagttgatattagaaccgttaagccaagaaaaaaaggcgctggtgatgatgacggtatgcgtggggcgattgctgaaaccttgaaatatgctgttaaacctgatgacatcatgcatgataacgaagaccctaaagcccgtgaatggttttatgagttgaccagacagacccataaattacggtttgttgctactggtggactgctcaaaaatgctttgaaacctgatgatgatattactaacgaggatatgatcgacactggcaacgatgacgaaataaccgaaactgatgaccgtagattaaatttttcattttataaatcaaagggcgggtatctgtataacccaatccataacgagtag
>gene_16320|MobE mobilization protein
atgagcaaactagcataccatgcagcacattttaagagtggcagcgtcaatgcgatcggcggtcacaacttcgaaaaacgaggtgagttcgatcgacatagcaaccaggacattgacacgacacgcagccatctgaacgtgcagctggttcgtccagagcagtccttgtatcagacgatcaagagtgatctggcggaacgctgtacgggtcgtgtgacagctgcgagcaactggatgacagagaccatcgtgtatccacccgacaacatcctgacggacagggagaagtgtatcgagtatttcaaagacgtggttggctggcatatacaagagttcggggaagagaatgtaaaatcttctgtagctcactttgacgagacaacaccgcatttacatacagaccttattcctctgaccgaggacggtcgtttaagcagtaaagaggtatttgcacggaagaaccttaaccgccatcatacggagcttgctgcgtacctgcaggagcgtggatgggacatccagcgtggcgaacctgctcctgatcgcaagcgtaaatcccttacggttaaggagttcaagcgtgaagctgaagctacacgtgcagagctgctgcaggacattaagcaaatcgatcaggaacgcaggcagttgattcaggaatacaacgacatagtgaaagactacaatgacctcgtaaaagaccatcagacgctctctgaggacgttgacgagcttcggagtatcaaagccagggcaacagacttagacagcgtagaaacccgtctgaggggcttaggagccaataagagggttgaggtgtccctggatgattgggaacatatcaaaaatgttgctaaaaaagatttcgccctggagcgtgagaatcacgatctggcagctggtaacagccggctctcccaggagaaccaccgcctgactacaaggctcaatacacttgtggatgaaaagatgcagctgcagaacgaaaataagcagcttaaggcagaaataagccctctgaaggacttcctgcaggcatttaaccttgccgatcagtttagaaaatacttcttgaaacgacagcaggaacagcggcgtcagaaggatagagacagccatgaacgataa
>gene_47852|MobE mobilization protein
atgagcaaactagcataccatgcagcacattttaagagtggcagcgtcaatgcgatcggcggtcacaacttcgaaaaacgaggtgagttcgatcgacatagcaaccaggacattgacacgacacgcagccatctgaacgtgcagctggttcgtccagagcagtccttgtatcagacgatcaagagtgatctggcggaacgctgtacgggtcgtgtgacagctgcgagcaactggatgacagagaccatcgtgtatccacccgacaacatcctgacggacagggagaagtgtatcgagtatttcaaagacgtggttggctggcatatacaagagttcggggaagagaatgtaaaatcttctgtagctcactttgacgagacaacaccgcatttacatacagaccttattcctctgaccgaggacggtcgtttaagcagtaaagaggtatttgcacggaagaaccttaaccgccatcatacggagcttgctgcgtacctgcaggagcgtggatgggacatccagcgtggcgaacctgctcctgatcgcaagcgtaaatcccttacggttaaggagttcaagcgtgaagctgaagctacacgtgcagagctgctgcaggacattaagcaaatcgatcaggaacgcaggcagttgattcaggaatacaacgacatagtgaaagactacaatgacctcgtaaaagaccatcagacgctctctgaggacgttgacgagcttcggagtatcaaagccagggcaacagacttagacagcgtagaaacccgtctgaggggcttaggagccaataagagggttgaggtgtccctggatgattgggaacatatcaaaaatgttgctaaaaaagatttcgccctggagcgtgagaatcacgatctggcagctggtaacagccggctctcccaggagaaccaccgcctgactacaaggctcaatacacttgtggatgaaaagatgcagctgcagaacgaaaataagcagcttaaggcagaaataagccctctgaaggacttcctgcaggcatttaaccttgccgatcagtttagaaaatacttcttgaaacgacagcaggaacagcggcgtcagaaggatagagacagccatgaacgataa
>gene_6219|Replication protein
atgtataacagaacaaatattaatggactggttgtgctggagattgtacctatgaatccaaaagatgaatcaacaaatcataacgctaattttgttcaagtctccagagggtatttgagaaactggagagggcttgttagaaaaagtcagcttgctacagaaatattgatgttctttgttgaaaaaatg
>gene_27003|Replication initiation protein
atgccgagaaagaaagacagttcagagaaggtcatcaagaagaaaaccaaggtgacggtctcgaacaccctcaatcagatgatattcgagcaaaaggatatgaacctgcaggcgtttcgtatgctgatgttctaccttgcaaagataaacccggcgcgcccggatctcaccgaggtcagagttcctcttgagacctacgcggaaatgctcggcgtggagctgaacgagcaagccattgacgcgagcacaaatatgcttttggggtatgttctgaaaaccggtatggttgatgccggagagtacataatccgaaatgccaagtatagcgttttctcggtgtgtcgcttgatggagcgcaagagcgacggcaaacgaatgcttgagttcaagtgttccgaggacgtcaagcccttgatttttgaaatgcaatcaaaattcacgatgttcaacgtttggaacgttctcaacctttccaacttccaggacattagaatgtatatgctgctctctcaatacaaggtcgcaggaactaagacgttcactctcgaagaactcaaagacaagctcggcattaaccgagaagcatatcccgagttcaagattttttcaagagacgttttgaaaaaatgccaaaaggcactcaaagaacggacggacatctgctttgagttcaaggccgttgggcgtccggctcattcggtttacttcgagatatcgaaaaacgaggaatacacgatcttgaggtatcttgaagaagtagccgagacgaagcagctccctgccggctcttttgatgacgaggacgatttctacgagcagacgagcattgacgacgtgctcgagcgcgactatgaggaacgtgaggcggtttgttgcggatttggcgaagagatcttccgagagttcactctcgatcagttgcgcgagctccgggagctcgcccatcacaatatagacaaagccgacgttgatcgccacgaccagcatttgcataaccgcggcatagctatgcaatatgctatctctgactacattcgcggtaagatccgctattgcaacgccaagggtgacgaggtcgagcacaggctcggattcatcagaaaagccgttgcggaagattggaggtaa
>gene_56977|Replication initiation protein
atgccgagaaagaaagacagttcagagaaggtcatcaagaagaaaaccaaggtgacggtctcgaacaccctcaatcagatgatattcgagcaaaaggatatgaacctgcaggcgtttcgtatgctgatgttctaccttgcaaagataaacccggcgcgcccggatctcaccgaggtcagagttcctcttgagacctacgcggaaatgctcggcgtggagctgaacgagcaagccattgacgcgagcacaaatatgcttttggggtatgttctgaaaaccggtatggttgatgccggagagtacataatccgaaatgccaagtatagcgttttctcggtgtgtcgcttgatggagcgcaagagcgacggcaaacgaatgcttgagttcaagtgttccgaggacgtcaagcccttgatttttgaaatgcaatcaaaattcacgatgttcaacgtttggaacgttctcaacctttccaacttccaggacattagaatgtatatgctgctctctcaatacaaggtcgcaggaactaagacgttcactctcgaagaactcaaagacaagctcggcattaaccgagaagcatatcccgagttcaagattttttcaagagacgttttgaaaaaatgccaaaaggcactcaaagaacggacggacatctgctttgagttcaaggccgttgggcgtccggctcattcggtttacttcgagatatcgaaaaacgaggaatacacgatcttgaggtatcttgaagaagtagccgagacgaagcagctccctgccggctcttttgatgacgaggacgatttctacgagcagacgagcattgacgacgtgctcgagcgcgactatgaggaacgtgaggcggtttgttgcggatttggcgaagagatcttccgagagttcactctcgatcagttgcgcgagctccgggagctcgcccatcacaatatagacaaagccgacgttgatcgccacgaccagcatttgcataaccgcggcatagctatgcaatatgctatctctgactacattcgcggtaagatccgctattgcaacgccaagggtgacgaggtcgagcacaggctcggattcatcagaaaagccgttgcggaagattggaggtaa
>gene_34005|MobC
caaccaatcacaaaaaaaattaaaaaagctgatcctgctttgctatttgagctgaaccgtattggcgtgaatatcaatcagattgctcgagtatgtaacacaaaaaaagtggacgtggatttagtaaaaattgctattgcattgcagaaaatcgaagaacatctaggggagattgcaaagaatgttagttaa
>gene_33891|Replication protein
atggtggaaaaaacgagggtaaacgaggtggtaaaaatgagccctccgaaaacaaaaaagccgcttcagactggcgggtctgatgcggctgctgtcgatgaatcgacactgaatttagatgtccagtgtagttatgataacacggaaaaggaattgaagcaacacttccagccgaaaaaagcagcaagtgttcgcctgtcagaagcctattttggtatgtctatgcggagttccccggacgcagcagattttgaaacgaggtcgaagcgtgtaggaacgtgcggagaatacttagagtttcacgttacggaaaagggcagtaaacttgcaagggcgtttttctgcaaagataggttgtgccctatgtgtaactggcggcgttccctgaaagtgttctcgcagatgtcgaaagtcatggatgcgctgcaaagtcagggataccaatttcttttcctgacgctgacggtcaagaactgctccggcgatgacctcggcgtagtccttgacgagatgcagcacgcttggacgcgcatgatgcacttgaaagctgtgaaaaaggctgtttgtggtacattccgcgctattgaggtcactcgaaaccgcagaactggagaataccacccgcactatcatgttgtgctggcggttcgtccggattacttcaaaaaatgctacatcacacagacaagttggaaaaatatgtggcgtgattcgtgccggctgtcgtatgaccctgttgtagacattcgcacaattaaggcggatagcaaaaaggacatggcgaaagctgtagccgaaacctcgaagtatgctgtgaaagataaagactatctttccggagataatttgcaagtttcccgcaatgtagaagtgctgctgcaaggtttgacgcagcggaaactttgctcttggactggctgcttcttggaagaaatgaaaaaactgaaatttgatgatgcagaaagcggcgatctgctccacgttgac
>gene_19535|protein rep
atgtgtaactggcggcgttccctgaaagtgttctcgcagatgtcgaaagtcatggatgcgctgcaaagtcagggataccaatttcttttcctgacgctgacggtcaagaactgctccggcgatgacctcggcgtagtccttgacgagatgcagcacgcttggacgcgcatgatgcacttgaaagctgtgaaaaaggctgtttgtggtacattccgcgctattgaggtcactcgaaaccgcagaactggagaataccacccgcactatcatgttgtgctggcggttcgtccggattacttcaaaaaatgctacatcacacagacaagttggaaaaatatgtggcgtgattcgtgccggctgtcgtatgaccctgttgtagacattcgcacaattaaggcggatagcaaaaaggacatggcgaaagctgtagccgaaacctcgaagtatgctgtgaaagataaagactatctttccggagataatttgcaagtttcccgcaatgtagaagtgctgctgcaaggtttgacgcagcggaaactttgctcttggactggctgcttcttggaagaaatgaaaaaactgaaatttgatgatgcagaaagcggcgatctgctccacgttgacccggacgagatccgggaggacctgagttatttaatcgtccgtttccactggtgtgctggtgcgtatgtggcgggtgaaatgacccctgtacacgttcagaacttccgccctctggttgctgctgctgataccgacctatag
>gene_38136|protein rep
atggtggaaaaaacgagggtaaacgaggtggtaaaaatgagccctccgaaaacaaaaaagccgcttcagactggcgggtctgatgcggctgctgtcgatgaatcgacactgaatttagatgtccagtgtagttatgataacacggaaaaggaattgaagcaacacttccagccgaaaaaagcagcaagtgttcgcctgtcagaagcctattttggtatgtctatgcggagttccccggacgcagcagattttgaaacgaggtcgaagcgtgtaggaacgtgcggagaatacttagagtttcacgttacggaaaagggcagtaaacttgcaagggcgtttttctgcaaagataggttgtgccctatgtgtaactggcggcgttccctgaaagtgttctcgcagatgtcgaaagtcatggatgcgctgcaaagtcagggataccaatttcttttcctgacgctgacggtcaagaactgctccggcgatgacctcggcgtagtccttgacgagatgcagcacgcttggacgcgcatgatgcacttgaaagctgtgaaaaaggctgtttgtggtacattccgcgctattgaggtcactcgaaaccgcagaactggagaataccacccgcactatcatgttgtgctggcggttcgtccggattacttcaaaaaatgctacatcacacagacaagttggaaaaatatgtggcgtgattcgtgccggctgtcgtatgaccctgttgtagacattcgcacaattaaggcggatagcaaaaaggacatggcgaaagctgtagccgaaacctcgaagtatgctgtgaaagataaagactatctttccggagataatttgcaagtttcccgcaatgtagaagtgctgctgcaaggtttgacgcagcggaaactttgctcttggactggctgcttcttggaagaaatgaaaaaactgaaatttgatgatgcagaaagcggcgatctgctccacgttgacccggacgagatccgggaggacctgagttatttaatcgtccgtttccactggtgtgctggtgcgtatgtggcgggtgaaatgacccctgtacacgttcagaacttccgccctctggttgctgctgctgataccgacctatag
>gene_36285|protein rep
atgtgtaactggcggcgttccctgaaagtgttctcgcagatgtcgaaagtcatggatgcgctgcaaagtcagggataccaatttcttttcctgacgctgacggtcaagaactgctccggcgatgacctcggcgtagtccttgacgagatgcagcacgcttggacgcgcatgatgcacttgaaagctgtgaaaaaggctgtttgtggtacattccgcgctattgaggtcactcgaaaccgcagaactggagaataccacccgcactatcatgttgtgctggcggttcgtccggattacttcaaaaaatgctacatcacacagataagttggaaaaatatgtggcgtgattcgtgccggctgtcgtatgaccctgttgtagacattcgcacaattaaggcggatagcaaaaaggacatggcgaaagctgtagccgaaacctcgaagtatgctgtgaaagataaagactatcttgccggagataatttgcaagtttcccgcaatgtagaagtgctgctgcaaggtttgacgcagcggaaactttgctcttggactggctgcttcttggaagaaatgaaaaaactgaaatttgatgatgcagaaagcggcgatctgctccacgttgacccggacgagatccgggaggacctgagttatttaatcgtccgtttccactggtgtgctggtgcgtatgtggcgggtgaaatgacccctgtacacgttcagaacttccgccctctggttgctgctgctgataccgacctatag
>gene_37501|protein rep
atgtgtaactggcggcgttccctgaaagtgttctcgcagatgtcgaaagtcatggatgcgctgcaaagtcagggataccaatttcttttcctgacgctgacggtcaagaactgctccggcgatgacctcggcgtagtccttgacgagatgcagcacgcttggacgcgcatgatgcacttgaaagctgtgaaaaaggctgtttgtggtacattccgcgctattgaggtcactcgaaaccgcagaactggagaataccacccgcactatcatgttgtgctggcggttcgtccggattacttcaaaaaatgctacatcacacagacaagttggaaaaatatgtggcgtgattcgtgccggctgtcgtatgaccctgttgtagacattcgcacaattaaggcggatagcaaaaaggacatggcgaaagctgtagccgaaacctcgaagtatgctgtgaaagataaagactatctttccggagataatttgcaagtttcccgcaatgtagaagtgctgctgcaaggtttgacgcagcggaaactttgctcttggactggctgcttcttggaagaaatgaaaaaactgaaatttgatgatgcagaaagcggcgatctgctccacgttgacccggacgagatccgggaggacctgagttatttaatcgtccgtttccactggtgtgctggtgcgtatgtggcgggtgaaatgacccctgtacacgttcagaacttccgccctctggttgctgctgctgataccgacctatag
>gene_2099|Replication protein
atgggcgatgattgtatgaatattatatcacaaaaagacggaaatgtcaagaggaaaaacaagaaaaatcagcttgtaggatggcaaatgcacaaacaattagggatagatatagccaacaagctcatgagtgttggtcttataaagagaggggtaagaatgaaagaatgcggtagctttctgcagttcgacagatgcgcggactgcggaaaaatcatgataaggaatgcaaggttgtgcagggataggctctgtcctacttgcaattggcgtttatccctcaaacgctatagcggaatgtcaagggtgatgcaaaacttattccaagcacaccccgaatacacttattccctcgttaccctcacggcaaaaaactgtgatggggaatcattgggaatgtatatgtccgagatgcagacggcttataatagatgcatttctcaaagatgggcgcggcaagagcttaaaggatgggcgcggtctatagaggttacatataataccaagacaaagcagttgcatccgcattatcacataattctcgcgtgtccgcttgaaagcacagcacataggctcgtcgcggagtggcttcgtcagtgtgataaacgcggtataggggtttcaaccaaggcgcagaacgtgtctatgatttgcgaaaatcatgaggcaggtgaatcccttgcaacagcggtatgcgaagtgtacaaatacgcggtcaaatctaacgatttatcaaagatggacgcaaaaacactcctcaacctcgcaaaacagctcggcggaaaacggcttataagttcgggcggtttaatcaagcagtacatggcaatgcttgaaatagcagaccttgacagcgcggacgatgaagagaacaatatagaaatatgtaccgaatgcggctcgcagtcccttgaccacctcgtcgcggcatggtcaatgcagggcggcagatacaatataaaaacattcagcgaggaagaacgggtcggggatatagtcaaagagcttgataataacatggaaatggtgcgggacgaaatcgcaaaatccatgaaagataacgcattttccactcaaaaactccaaaaagcaatagaaaacttcataatttcggaggaaaaacgatga
>gene_52234|Mobilization protein
atgagttatgcaattctcagaacagaaaaactgaaaacgatgggcaatattgctgcatctttgagccatacctaccgcacccgcccaactcacaacgctgacccaaaccgcactgttaataatgaacatgatttaaaaacagcaggacaggtgatggatgggattaaaaatcgacttcctgaaaaaacacgttcaaatgctgtcctatgcattgaatatttaataacaatgtctccagattggtcgggattagggacagaaaaagaagcggatttcttcaaaagatccgttgaatggttaaaacaaaggcatggtgctgagaacgttattagtacctcgatccaccgtgatgaaactaccccgcaccttgttgcatacgttgttcctattgatttaaaggggaaattgaacgctagggaatttttaggcgggagggcaaaattatctaaaatgcagactgattttcatgaccaagtgaaagatttagggcttgaaagaggcctggaggggtcgaaggcaagacacacgaccattaaagatttttatgccgaggttcaaaagcctgcgcttgctgccaaaaaactcaaggtcttggagatagagcaaagacttgaagtgccagaagtcggcttttggggctacgttggtgcgacaaaaaaagagtacgcaagccatgcccagcttgccgcatactactttgcacagcagcaggccgatgcctatgcagcagacgtcggggcgcagttttctcagatgcagatcacttttgaaaaaaagctgactgcggaaaggctgaaagcagaaaaaagcgaaaaagcgtacaaaagggcagtccatgagcttcaggcgcttaaaaaaaaatacgcagtctttgaggagctttatcagctttggccatcggattttgaggaagtcgagcgtatagctacagaagatgtcgcagagcgaaaaaggataaaggctgaaaatgaaaaaataaaacagatcaaaaaacaggaaaaagagcgggaacacgcgcgggagcttgaaagaaaaatcgaggcgcagaagcaaaaagaagcggacttcaaaaagaacctcgttgtcaagaaagagcagtggttggatgctcaatatgacgctgctttggagcgatttaagcggtgtcagtcagaacctgagaggcaaactgtgatgcacctttttagtgaaaaaaaagcggcttttactgctgacccgttaaagatcatggacgaggtcaaaaggtctgacttcggagagcttaaccctgtttacaaggggtgcataagcctttttcgagtcaaaaacgaacaagattttggattttttcttgatcatcttaccaagtcatttgaagagcttgcgccctcttacgttggcgctggggctgctcaggggccgataactcgaaaagtctgtgctgccacatcaaattggctttatgtgcttttagatcgctacggctcaaagtatgagaaaaaggcggaagcactgcgggagcatctacacgcatgcgaggaaaaggcagagaaaagcatctttgatcatgtcttgtatgactatcagacaaaagagcgtatagcaaaaaacaaggcagaaatggcaaccctttccccatcccctgctttagaaaaaagcagggataaggatgatcttgagggaccatcattttaa
>gene_45662|recombinase
atgcctcaaggcaaaggttctcaaatgcataacagacgagattatgaaaagatagggcaagatattccagacaacatagatacatcaaaaacccaagacaatattattctggttgatatggatgttaaagaagcctatcaagagatatttggagaagctgtcgaaaagtacaatgcaaagcagaaa
>gene_30306|mobilization protein
atgacaaaagcgtttcttttgacaaaagaaacaaaaccttttataatatctgtaacggaaattgggggtgtttttatgccgagtatttcgtttagaaaatcatcaaaaatgacaagcataaaccataataatcgaaaattggaacctaagaattttgaccctgatagagaaaaggataatatctatttttcgattgacattaaagacctttatcatcagatttttgatgaagctgttaaggattacaatgaaaatcaaccaaggaaagatagaaagattaaaaattactatgagaaagtttcccatagtaaaaaacaacgagagcagcaggaacttattattcaaattggcacaatgtttgactctcaaaatgctacgaccaaagatgattttgaagaaattctgattgactatgtcaacgaatgggcgaagagaaatcctcatctgccattattcaatgctgctcttcatcaagacgaggacggtggtcctcatctgcatttaaacttcgttccatatgcagattatgaaagtgggctgaaacgcagagttaattttgaaaaagctcttaaacagcaaggttgtgaggattttggaaagtggagagaaaaagaaacgggaataatcgagcagatgatgaaagaacgaggttatactcgtgaatatgtaggaacacacgaatatgtaaaacctgatatttataagcagatagcaagagaaataggtcaaaattatgaaaaagaaataaaactgcttaaaagtgaaaatgtagaactgacagaccaattagaacgagtaagattccaacggaattcagctattgaagaaattactagatataaaacagaatttcaaagtaagctcgaagaagagattaataaagttaaagctgagtttaaagaagctcttgagttttttaagtggggtagaactaaaaaaacaatatgggagaagtatgaagattttaagttccgacaattaatgaataagtcagtttttgttaggaataaagatgaggaattaaaaaaaatcgctgaaaaaagaggacttggagaagcttataatcgttggtggcaggaacaacaaatttttaaaaaagaaaaaaatatagggcgggagcgttaa
>gene_35070|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaagcattcaatttcgtttaaaaaatcgactaaaaaaacaagcatttctcataacaatcgaacgcttgataatgagcaacaaaaaagcaagtatcacaagcatatcaattttgataaatcgaacgaaaatatttatcttgaacagacaccaattagagaaaagtatgaagagctgtttggagaa
>gene_38778|Putative replication protein
atgaaaaggcttggaaagaaatggactgatggaaatggtcgtccggttggatctggtacaaaggaaaaggctgtcagagagtatgttgaagctcatcctgaagcatctgtatcagagattgcgaaagctcttggaatgagcagaacgacagcgaattttttcatggaaaggattgggaggttttaa
>gene_51466|Putative site-specific recombinase TnpX
gatgaagaagcggcaaagaccgtcagacaaatcttcaccctatgtgttgaaggacttggaccgacacagatcgcaaagcggctcaaagccgcaaaggtgccgacacctactgaatattggattagtatcggcaggaattgcagtaaaccgcccgccgttccgtataattggtgtgcagataccgtagcaaacattctttctaagcaagaatactgcggtgatacggtcaatttccgaagcacaaccaaatcctttaagaacaaaaccaaaattgaaagacctcaggaagaatggaaaatgttcccgaacactcatcaggcaattataaaccgagaggtatttgagttggtgcaggaacttcggcaacaccgccgcagacctaccaaaagcggaattgtcagttggttttcaggacttctctactgtgcagattgcgaagaaaaattgtattacagcgtaacaaacaactacaaacgggagcaagcatatttcttctgttcctcgttccgcaaaaactccgatgaatgttccgcacactatattcgtgaaaaggtggtaatggaaaatgtgttggaaaggagaactatgaacaaacagtcagaaaagatcactgctctgtactgccgcttgtcccgtgatgacgagcaagaaggcacttcgggcagtattaaaaatcagcaatctatacttgagaagtatgctaaggacaatggctttaagaatacccgtgtatttgtagatgatggttggtcgggaacgactttcgcaagacctgccttcaccgagataatggaacttgccgaaaaaggaatgattggtacacttatcgtaaaagaccattcccgtcttggtcgtaaccgcttggttgtcgggcagttgttggaagaagggtttgacagtttaggtgttcggtatatcgctattatggataatatcgacaccgcaaaaggtataagcgaccttgttccgatgcaagacctattcaacgaatggcacgctaaaaacacaagtcaaaaagtccgcaatgttttcaagaacaagggaatgtcgggcgtaccgcttacaacaaatccgcctttcgggtatatgaaaaatcccgataacacaaaggaatggattgtt
>gene_56447|Antitoxin igA-2
atgaacgaactcacgattaaggatctgcgcgcgcagaccggcatgagccaacgtgcgtttgccgagcactttggattctcagtacgcacgttgcaaggatgggaacgtggcaaacagcccccggaaggcacggtgcagatgatcacccgtattttacagcttgaagctgaacagaaggagtaa
>gene_19167|Rep protein
ttgtctaataaacttgatgaaatgcaaaaagcttttaataaaggcatatgcaggaataagaaattaaaaaatgttattaaaggatattttaaagctttagaggttactcatgatgttcatgatagaattacttataagatgtacaaaaaaaagaaaaattattatgatggtcttggtttgaaagttggagatgttaatcctaattttaataaatatcatccgcattatcatattattttagctatgccgaaagattattttaagcatttttatataacacatgatgaatggcttcagatgtggcgtgatgctatgaatgattatgacattactcaagttttcattgaagtatgtaaatctaaaagtaaaatttcaaaaaatgaaactgatattttaataaagatgtctgatgcagttgcagaagttgcaaaatatagcgttaaatcgtcagattatataattaaagataatcctgaaatgactgatatttctgtaaaagacttatcaatttcattacataatcgcaaactctgtactatgggtggaatttttaaagaaattgcacataatttaaaaattgatttagaagataaagatttgatacatatcggaaaacttagaactgatatttttatacagatttatcgctatgaatggacagcaggaatttataaattaatagaagtaatggaactacagcaggatataaaaaacaatccttga
>gene_18243|Replicative protein
atgtacaaaaaaaagaaaaattattatgatggtcttggtttgaaagttggagatgttaatcctaattttaataaatatcatccgcattatcatattattttagctatgccgaaagattattttaagcatttttatataacacatgatgaatggcttcagatgtggcgtgatgctatgaatgattatgacattactcaagttttcattgaagtatgtaaatctaaaagtaaaatttcaaaaaatgaaactgatattttaataaagatgtctgatgcagttgcagaagttgcaaaatatagcgttaaatcgtcagattatataattaaagataatcctgaaatgactgatatttctgtaaaagacttatcaatttcattacataatcgcaaactctgtactatgggtggaatttttaaagaaattgcacataatttaaaaattgatttagaagataaagatttgatacatatcggaaaacttagaactgatatttttatacagatttatcgctatgaatggacagcaggaatttataaattaatagaagtaatggaactacagcaggatataaaaaacaatccttga
>gene_18241|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atgagtactataaaacagtttactacaaaaacagaaaaaagtcaagttgatttagagcttgaaaaaaaatttataccaaaaaagaaacaaaatttacttttatctgaaagttatgaaagaatttctgcatcttctgcttctgatgatgatgtcttgaaatatataaaaaagtctgctcgagtttcagaatgtgcaacttttcttgaatttggtcgtactgctcaggacgatttcaagttacataatgcaaatttttgtcgtgaccgtctttgcccgatgtgtggctggagacgcagttataaggtttttggtcaagtttcagaaataatggacgttatagaaaatgattatgcttttttgtttcttactcttactgttccaagcatttataattatgatttgtctaataaacttgatgaaatgcaaaaagcttttaataaaggcatatgcaggaataagaaattaaaaaatgttattaaaggatattttaaagctttagaggttactcatgatgttcatgatagaattact
>gene_42153|Pre/Mob
atggtcgagtttctcatcacaagtgacaaggactattttgataccctctctgacggcggagaagcctattttaaggacgctaaaaaatggcttgagggaaaatacggcaaggacaatataatagccgatacggtccatatggacgaaaaaacgccacatatgcacgttatgatagttcctttaacagctgatggaagattatcagccaaggaagtattaggcggtaggaaagatatgcaggctcttcaggacgatttttttgaaaaggtttcaaaaaaacacggccttgaacgaggttccaagtatgacttcgagaaagaagaagaaataaaaaagacgaataaaaagaaaaaggagaacggagaaaagacagaacgcattgaaaagccgagaaaacataaatccgtaaaagccattaaagcagagacagaaaaagcagaaaaggaacttgcagatttagaaaaaaagaaagataaagccaaaacagatttaaaaaatttacaagacaaggcggtggatctggataagcagaaagttaagatgcagaaagatctaaattctgccaaattggaacttgctacaaaaaaggcagaattagcagatgtcaaagaagaattaaaagattttgaagatgccaaagaatttggcaaccaacttgtcgaagaaatcgagcgtgccggagaagaatattttaatgcttattatgactctgcagctgccaaagaggatttattgtatgagtgggattatgccaaaaatacaggctttcagcaggagacattaaaaactaatggcaaggattatggagaaatatatcacggcatagagaacatcagaaagtcaaataatataagccttgatgatgttgaatcagtaaaaatgataaattccattgagtacaacaatagcaaatttaatcaaatcaaagaaaatatttttaattgcgcccaaagattaaggctctcccttaactacgaaagagacggaataagaccaacaaagccgagcctttccgactgtatcgaatatgtcaaaagtcaattatccgaacaactccgacgaatttttgaaacaacaaaagaaacacaaggagctgggagcagaacaggaagcggaagataa
>gene_42602|Recombinase (Fragment)
atgagttatgttatcgcacgcgtcatcaaagtcaagtcaaccgccatcggggcgatgcagtaccacaacgaccgcgcccccggcgagcatctgaacccggacatcgacccggagaggactcacctgaattacgagctgcacgatgccgaagggtgctatctgccgaggaagtacgccgccgaggtcgatgcgaagattgcagccaaccgcacatcgggcaggagggtgcgcaaggacgcggtgaagctcgttgagggcatcatcaccgcaagcccggagttcttcgagggaaagtctgaggaggagtgccgccgcttcttcgaggacgcttacgcgttcgtctgtgccgagatgggcgcggagaacgtaattcacttcaccgtgcacatggacgagaccacgccgcacgcgcactggggcgcggttcccatcaaggacggcaggctgtcgtggaaggcgttctttgacgggcgcggtggtctgtccgcgttccaagaccgctgtttcgagaaagtcgggaagccttggggtctggatcgcggggtgaagcacagcggtcggaggtaccgcgagaccgccgagatgaagcgcgacctggagcaggaggtcgaggagctgcgtgagcagaaggcggctctcattgacgagattgcctacaaggacgggcagctctacgagttgcaggacgcggtggtcagcaaggagattgagattgaccagctcaagagcgaggtgaagcgccagcgctccaccatcgacaggcttgagcggacgataagcgggctagaggagcgtctggacaaggcggtcggcaacatcatcgagattgccgacacgatgcgctggcgcttcgagccgcagaactggcgcaaggcgctttcaaggctggtcgacaacccgattgcgcacgccgcgctcgccgtccggcagaacgtggctcggtgggtcgagaaggacgcacgcgcagccgacagggttatcaagcgcgaggtgaagagcgtccgcaaggagctgggcgctctggcagccgaggcgcagcagatgaggaaatccggcaagcagttggagagcgagaggtcttctggaaggcctgagagccgttctaagggcgttgaccgatga
>gene_34581|Recombinase (Fragment)
atgagttatgttatcgcacgcgtcatcaaagtcaagtcaaccgccatcggggcgatgcagtaccacaacgaccgcgcccccggcgagcatctgaacccggacatcgacccggagaggactcacctgaattacgagctgcacgatgccgaagggtgctatctgccgaggaagtacgccgccgaggtcgatgcgaagattgcagccaaccgcacatcgggcaggagggtgcgcaaggacgcggtgaagctcgttgagggcatcatcaccgcaagcccggagttcttcgagggaaagtctgaggaggagtgccgccgcttcttcgaggacgcttacgcgttcgtctgtgccgagatgggcgcggagaacgtaattcacttcaccgtgcacatggacgagaccacgccgcacgcgcactggggcgcggttcccatcaaggacggcaggctgtcgtggaaggcgttctttgacgggcgcggtggtctgtccgcgttccaagaccgctgtttcgagaaagtcgggaagccttggggtctggatcgcggggtgaagcacagcggtcggaggtaccgcgagaccgccgagatgaagcgcgacctggagcaggaggtcgaggagctgcgtgagcagaaggcggctctcattgacgagattgcctacaaggacgggcagctctacgagttgcaggacgcggtggtcagcaaggagattgagattgaccagctcaagagcgaggtgaagcgccagcgctccaccatcgacaggcttgagcggacgataagcgggctagaggagcgtctggacaaggcggtcggcaacatcatcgagattgccgacacgatgcgctggcgcttcgagccgcagaactggcgcaaggcgctttcaaggctggtcgacaacccgattgcgcacgccgcgctcgccgtccggcagaacgtggctcggtgggtcgagaaggacgcacgcgcagccgacagggttatcaagcgcgaggtgaagagcgtccgcaaggagctgggcgctctggcagccgaggcgcagcagatgaggaaatccggcaagcagttggagagcgagaggtcttctggaaggcctgagagccgttctaagggcgttgaccgatga
>gene_32489|Recombinase (Fragment)
atgagttatgttatcgcacgcgtcatcaaagtcaagtcaaccgccatcggggcgatgcagtaccacaacgaccgcgcccccggcgagcatctgaacccggacatcgacccggagaggactcacctgaattacgagctgcacgatgccgaagggtgctatctgccgaggaagtacgccgccgaggtcgatgcgaagattgcagccaaccgcacatcgggcaggagggtgcgcaaggacgcggtgaagctcgttgagggcatcatcaccgcaagcccggagttcttcgagggaaagtctgaggaggagtgccgccgcttcttcgaggacgcttacgcgttcgtctgtgccgagatgggcgcggagaacgtaattcacttcaccgtgcacatggacgagaccacgccgcacgcgcactggggcgcggttcccatcaaggacggcaggctgtcgtggaaggcgttctttgacgggcgcggtggtctgtccgcgttccaagaccgctgtttcgagaaagtcgggaagccttggggtctggatcgcggggtgaagcacagcggtcggaggtaccgcgagaccgccgagatgaagcgcgacctggagcaggaggtcgaggagctgcgtgagcagaaggcggctctcattgacgagattgcctacaaggacgggcagctctacgagttgcaggacgcggtggtcagcaaggagattgagattgaccagctcaagagcgaggtgaagcgccagcgctccaccatcgacaggcttgagcggacgataagcgggctagaggagcgtctggacaaggcggtcggcaacatcatcgagattgccgacacgatgcgctggcgcttcgagccgcagaactggcgcaaggcgctttcaaggctggtcgacaacccgattgcgcacgccgcgctcgccgtccggcagaacgtggctcggtgggtcgagaaggacgcacgcgcagccgacagggttatcaagcgcgaggtgaagagcgtccgcaaggagctgggcgctctggcagccgaggcgcagcagatgaggaaatccggcaagcagttggagagcgagaggtcttctggaaggcctgagagccgttctaagggcgttgaccgatga
>gene_16567|replication protein
atggtacataatcgcccacctgtaggtcaatcccaaattacaaaaactggtaacgacaatccccaatctgctgtcatagaatatttgtacaatacccccttacccgatggggtagaaatcccccttgctaccgtttcagagcgtgatagcgtctgggacactcatagaacacagtctgctatcattgaaggcatatacaagcaagcaagcgaatttgagcgttatagcgagcgtataagcgattgtagcggttatttgaagtttggtatcggtgaaagtggcttagtgctaaaacaagcctttttttgccgtgtacgctattgcacaacgtgtcaatggcgaaaggggctatactggaaagcgatgatgtaccaaagctatgagcaatttcgcaaggaatacccaaagcaccgatttttatttttgactctaaccgtcaaaaatccccccattggtgaacttagggcaaccctagaccacatgaacaagtcatggaaacggttaatcaatcgtaaagagtttgccttagttgatggctggatacgcaccactgaagtgacacgccccaaactcaaacgtaagcgtaagtctgaccctatcgtgtattgtccccaaactaaaaatacccatgcacacccccattttcacatcatactgatggttaagcccagttattttaaaaccccaaattatctaagcaccgctaaatgggctgaattgtggcgtgactgcttaggggtaggttatacccctgttgtcgatgtcagagccgtcagaaagaaaggcaaggataaaaacgcccccatcaccgatgatgacatcaaggcaggtattgccgaaacgattaaatactcaaccaagcctgatgacatcatacacgaccatgacgacccccaaagccgtgaatggttttatgagctgacccgccaaactcataaattgcgatttgtggcaactggtggggcattaaaaaacgccctaaaagataatgaccccaccaatgacgacatgattaaaactggcaatgatgacgaaagccaaactaccgataaccgccgattgaatttcacctactatcgcaccctgagcaagtatatttacaacccaatccataacgagtga
>gene_56557|Replication protein repB
atgtatccggaatcggcgccggagaattggcgcgagatactcgccgaatatgcagcgccttatgctgtatcaccgcttcatgatagcgatatcaatccggacggcgaacccaaaaaagcacactggcacgtgacgattgcacatcagtcaaaaaaatcatacgagcaggtgagcgagatc
>gene_43711|Site-specific recombinase XerC
gtgattgaggaatacagttatgagcttttgaccggagatgaaccgttgtccccaaaaaccgttaaagacattctgatcgtgctgagttctgttatcaaatatatcaagaaatcttcgggacttaatttgcaggatattgaaatcgtgtatccgaaggaaaagcaaagcgagatgcgggta
>gene_3517|Rep protein
atgcaaacaaaagaaaaaagccccttcatgttggcgcatgaagaaggctcaaatcctgctgttggtgtcagtcgtcaacgacatcatagcaaagttatgacagattgtcaatctgataatccttcttggaagaaaacggactttgagataactaagaaatttattcctaaaaaaaataattctttgttgttgtctgaatcttatattcggcttggccttgaaagtaaggctcaccgtgtatctgattgcggttcttatcttgagtttgcttatgagatttcttctgaaggtgaagtatctgaaaacggaaaattacatactgctaatttctgccgtgatcgtatgtgtcctatgtgttcttggagaagatcatataaaatttttggtcaagtttctcagatcatggagctcatcggcaatcagtataaatttctgtttcttactctgacagttccaaactgttccggagatgatttatctgatactcttgaccggatgatgaatgcttatcgtaagctcattcgatataaggaatttaaggttgtacgaggatttttccgggctttggaaataactcgaaataaggatcccaggagtaaatcttttggcacataccatccgcattttcatgttgttcttgccgttcctctttcatacggaaagaagaattatatttctcgtaatcgctggcttgaactatggcagcgtgctatgaaagatactagcatcacgcaagttgatattcgtgttgcacgtgacaaatcaaattatgatttttctgatccggagctttccagcgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatatgcggttaaagattctgattatatttatcctggacaagaggatcttactgatcagatcgtttctacccttaccggagctctccatcatagacgtttagttgcttatggtggtgttttccaagatgcttttgaaaagctgaaatttgatgatcctgaagatggtgatctggttcatatcaatgataaactgaatcctactcttgcttggcttattgtcaaatatggttggtcatgtggtacctatgaaatgacagatacttacatcaaaactcccggagagggggtgaatgatggtgagtga
>gene_30716|Protein rep
atgcaaacaaaagaaaaaagccccttcatgttggcgcatgaagaaggctcaaatcctgctcttggtgtcggttgtcacagatatcatagcaaaagtatgtcagattgtcaatctgataatctctcttggaagaaaacggactctgagataactaagaattttattccgaaaaagaataattctttgctgttgtcagagtcttatattcgtctaggccttgaaggtaagtcacaccgtgtatctgaatgcggttcttatcttgagtttgcttatgagatttcttctgaaggtgaagtatctgaaaacggaaaattacatactgcaaatttttgccgtgatcgtatgtgtcctatgtgttcttggagaagatcatataaaatttttggtcaagtttctcagatcatggagctcatcggcaatcagtataaatttctgtttcttactctgacagttccaaactgttccggagatgatttatctgatactcttgaccggatgatgaatgcttatcgtaaactcattcgatataaggaatttaaggttgtacgaggatttttccgggctttggaaataactcgaaataaggatccccggagtaaatcttttggtacttaccatccgcattttcatgttgttcttgccgttcctctttcatacggaaagaagaattatatctctcgtaatcgctggcttgaactatggcagcgtgctatgaaagatactagtatcacgcaagttgatattcgtgttgcacgtgataaatcaaattctgattcttctgatccggagctctccagcgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatatgcggtcaaagattctgattatatttatcctggacaagaggatcttactgatcagaccgtttctacccttaccggagctctccatcatagacgtttagttgcttatggtggtgttttccaagaagcttttgaaaagctaaaacttgatgatcctgaagatggtgatttggttcatatcaatgaaaaactgaatcctactcttgcttggcttattgtcaaatatggttggtcttgtggtacctatgaaatgacagatacttacatcaaaactcccggagagggggtgaatgatggtgagtga
>gene_49909|Rep protein
agcaaaagtatttcagattgtcaatctgatattccctcttggaagaaaacggactctgagataactaagaaattcattccgaaaaagaataattctttggtgttgtcagagtcttatattcgtctaggccttgaaggtaagtcacaccgtgtatctgaatgcggttcttatcttgagtttgcttatgagatttcttctgaaggtgaagtatctgaaaacggaaaattacttactgcaaatttttgccgtgatcgtatgtgtcctatgtgttcttggagaagatcatataaaatttttggtcaagtttctcagatcatggagctcatcggcaatcagtataaatttctgtttcttactctgacagttccaaactgttccggagatgatttatctgatactcttgaccggatgatgaatgcttatcgtaagctcattcgatataaggaatttaaggttgtacgtggatttttccgggctttggaaataactcgaaataaggatccccggagtaaatcttttggtacttaccatccgcattttcatgttgttcttgctgttcctctttcatacggaaagaagaattatatctctcgtaatcgctggcttgaactatggcagcgtgctatgaaagatactagcatcacgcaagttgatattcgtgttgcacgtgataaatcaaattctgattcttctgatccggagctctccagcgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatatgcggttaaagattctgattatatttatcctggacaagaggatcttactgatcagatcgtttctacccttaccggagctctccatcatagacgtttagttgcttatggtggtgttttccaagatgcttttgaaaagctaaaacttgatgatcctgaagatggtgatttggttcatatcaatgaaaaattgaatcctactcttgcttggcttattgtcaaatatggttggtcttgtggtacctatgaaatgacagatacttacatcaaatctcccggagagggggtgaatgatggtgagtga
>gene_28561|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
tcggatgttgttaattacattgctagcaatctttcaaataatattcgccaaattgagggggctttaaagaaaatccgcgcattccgcgatcttgccggtatggaccttacactagaaagtatcagcaaaacaatcgaggatatgcgtacgacagagaatagtattcttgtcactcctgcatag
>gene_52459|Plasmid replication protein
atgcaatattttcaatactacgattgcaacgagatagcagttgtagagcagagaataaaaacattgaataatttaaaaacatactgtataatagtacacgataaggacattttgacgagtggagagccaaagccaccccattttcacgcagttgttacttttaaaaatgctactactattgaggtagttgcaaaaaagttgtgtgttgagccacagtatgtaaacaagattaaaagcacagtaaagtctgcacagttgtatcttgttcataggaataaccctgaaaaatatcaatatgacacaaaagaggtacactcaaattttgactatgtgaatatggctgacgattgccctgtcaagcaaaagcgagagagcattggcgagagaattgcaaaaggcgagataaaggaatataatttacacgagtttgttacgattgacgagtacgcaaaaaacaaaagatattatttgaattgttttgaatataggcaacaagcaataaaggggttagataggaatatggaatgtatatttataagtggtgcaagtggaacaggcaagacaacatacgcaaagacaatagcaagtcaaagaggttttaacgcatatatttcaagtggtggcaaaaaccccttggacaactacaaaggcgaggaatgtatcattcttgacgatacacgcagtagcacttggacattgacagattttctcaaacttaccgacaaccataccgatagccttgtaggttgtaggttttataacaagagtatagcagagtgcaagttgctcattgttacgagtgttaaaacccttgacgagttctacgagcaagcaaccaaagaggacaacgagccacgcatacaactttacaggcgtttccgtacaatgtttataatgcaagaggaaacaatggacatatactcctatgtagaggcagagaaaaagcacataaaaatgggcaaggcaaaaaaccctgtcgcaatgttattcaatccaaaggttgctaaaaacactataacggaattagcaaaggttttcggcttggaattgacagaggcatctgcaacatttgtaacattaagcccaacggaaaaattgccctttgacgacgacgaggaatga
>gene_13439|Replication protein
aagtcaacagtaaaatctgcacagttgtacttggtgcataggaataaccctgaaaaatatcaatatgagcctaaagaggtacacgcaaattttgactatgtgaatatggcagatgattgccctgttaagcaaaagcgagagagcattggcgagagaattgcaaaaggcgagataaaagaatataatttacacgagtttgttactattgatgagtacgcaaagaacaagagatattatttgaattgttttgaatatagacaacaagcaataaaggggttagataggaatatggaatgtatttttataagtggtgcaagtggcacaggtaaaacaacatacgcaaagacaatagcaagccaaagaggttttaacgcatatatttcaagtggtggcaaaaacccattagacaactacaagggtgaagagtgcattatacttgatgatacgcgcagcagcacttggacattaaccgattttcttaaactaacagacaatcatacagatagccttgtgggttgccgtttctacaacaaaagcattgccgagtgcaagttgcttattgtaacgagtgttaaaacccttgacgagttctatgaacaggctaccaaagaggacaacgagccacgcatacaactttataggcgtttccgtactatgtttataatgcaagaggaaactatggacatatattcctatgtagaggcagagaaaaagcacataaaaatgggcaaggcaaaaaaccctgttgcaatgttattcaatccaaaggttgctaaaaacactataacagaattagcaaaggttttcggcttggaattaacagaggcatctgcaacatttgtaactttaagcccaacagaaaaattgccctttgatgatgaggactaa
>gene_34921|Hypothetical Rep protein
atgaaacactcggatttaacaccagagacggtgccttgctttgttgatgaccaggacgcgctaccgatcccggtttttgtcactctcgaatcgcaccgactggcaaaggcacggatacggcaaaagatcgctgctgcaacggcagatgattccaaggctgaacgggatgggactgattga
>gene_57348|Replication protein
atgtggtataataggatagcggggaaagaaaaagacaccgactggaactcggtgtctttggtacaactcgtgtatttcgctgatatgaaatttagaggttgtatggatattatagcacacgttgatatcaaagtcaacatcaaaattgagagagaagatgctttttcccaaagatatggggctaagtgggaacgaaagaaagtagcggcgaaagaaaccgctcagaaaatgatacagatcggagaaaagctccgtgggcttcgcatgatgaactgcgcggagatcgtcgaaggggctgtctgtcagaagtgcggtcagatgcatgttatatacgcaaacctctgccgggacagattttgtccggtctgtaaatggagactgagtatgaagagattcacttccatgtttgcgatcgtcaccggcttgcggcggcggtacccggagagcgcatggcagtttgtaacgctgacatgccagaactgcaacccttccgagcttccggaggttctggacgagatgggcagagtatggaacaatatcacgactgcacagaagttcaaaaagaaaattgccgggtgggcgcggtctacggagatcacctacaacgaagtcacgggacagctacatccacactatcatgtgttggtgatgtatgaggaactggaagaaccagatgactacatcatcaagcggtggtgtaaaggtctgaattataaaacctcgccgcttgcccaggacgcggaaacggtagaattcaccgcagaagatgagcgggaaatcggatgggaagtagatcagaacccggatgacgaagcggccatcaatgctattcttgagacatacaaatacagcgtgaaagacaaggacacggagcaaatgccgctcggtgtgttccgggtgttggtcgatgcgctgaaaaatcgtcgtctgaccgctttcgggggtgtaataaagcagtacgcgaaagagttggatgtagaacgtatggacgacgttgacgagcgtgacgaagacgagatcgaccgcgagacggagcaatgtgtccggtgtggtggtcgtcgtctggtcgaaatcattggggaatggtcaggagatcagtatttatggcggagatcataa
>gene_42825|Initiator RepB protein
atgccaaagaagaaaacagacattacagaatatacagttcagaaatcaaaggctcttgccttgcttgacgattcttttgcccttacagagttaaagattctcaatgcagtaatagcaaaaatggataactacttatctgcaacccttacacccgaagagagaaaagcaaagatagatagcaataaaattgctcttggatatggtgaacttgaaaaggctcttggtctgtcaacaatcagaaaatcagaccttaaaccacgattgaagaaactgcgagagcctatagaccttgtacctgatgataacgaagatgagatagatagtattgtactgtttgaaagaatcagaggcgtcagagacgcattagggcgttggatgttggaatttacccttaccaacagtgcaaaagatataatcttcattcccgagcacacacactatctgcactacagattgaagaatatcgttaatcttaaatcaaagttcagctatctgctctacatgtatcttgaagaccatagatatatgggcaacacgctcagaactacagttccgtttcttaagaaactattcggagtagagaactcatacaaagagttcaaaatattcaaacgagatgtattaaatgttgctatgaaagagctcaacgagaaaacagactgccattttacaatggaaactgagagaccaggaaacagaatttactatgttatcttccatcttgaagataagaaagaagaacctgttctcaagcccgtaaatgagcaaatgagccttgatgactaccttgaccaacaggatacggcacctatcgacttatttgacggtatgacagacgagcaagtaatgctatatatgcaacatgaacagacagttgaagtatacagagaaagaatgatgcctgagttcaaggagttgttatctgataaatgtatcattgcttgccacgatatattagagcctatctatggtgactataaagaatttagaaacccttgggatgatgttctgtttgcgttcaatgaagtattgcagaaaatctatgtgcaaggaatagataatatcgacaacattgataagtatgtactaaccgcagtacagaactacactcgaagataa
>gene_19035|Bacterial mobilisation protein (MobC)
atgcgtaaaagaaatagagcaatcacaatccgattatcagaagaagaatttgcacagcttgaaaacagagttcaagaatctggacagacgcaacagcattttataattgatgcttgcttaaaaggtcaaattacttctgctgatgaaattacggaaatgagaaataaaaataaa
>gene_4325|Replication protein
ttccacggatacctcccctatccctcacgtcaggaattcccgaaaggcttctgggaagggggtttccaagtgaaatgggactattcatcggtgactgtctggggtatcgatcaaaacggcccagacggcgaggacattttcacccgcgaggtggcggcgctcgctcagtccctttcctgtcaggtcgaggcagagaaggcgctcaacgggtattcgcagggcttcaagctgctgcgcggcgaagagttgatctgtcaggccttcaccggcggcactggttccgctgaggggtcttcgcagttcatcgcagcatcgacggctgacgaggtgtatccgctgctccaagatcgtttccccggccatggtgtctcgcgtctcgatgcggctgaggacttctgtggggcggggacatgggatcgcatggaagcgatgctcacggcgattgcggcacaacatcgggtatcgatggctccattcggggagggccatcgtcgcccagacggcacacgggatgtcaccaagggccggtcgtggtacttcggcagcaagtcctcaaccttccgcgtggttctctacgagaaggggctggagcagatcgccaagggtatcccggctgatcccacatgggttcgtctggaggttcgcgtgcggccagccagcaaggccaagagcctcttcgggcaagtcaggcttgttccgttcgatcttttcggcatgtcccggtggggcgtcgatatcggtcagcagatgcagggtccggaactcactcgctacaagatcgggtcggtctggaagccatcagagcaggacaaggtagcgctcaagatcgtccgcatgttcgacaggggcttggactacctcttggaccagtacggcacgcccgaggaagtgggtcggatgctttacgaggtcaaggcgaagtccgacgaggcaagcgcctatcctgcgtgttgccggtcgtcgctccgcaagtcccgagggtatgggagcgggagcgtcccatatagaccgacagaggctcaccacgtacatgcgcccattcgcgcgcgcagtcggttggtcggtgaaaacgcgaatccgcgccctatagaccagcagtctttgatgccggatgattga
>gene_18245|Replication protein
gtgtatccgctgctccaagatcgtttccccggccatggtgtctcgcgtctcgatgcggctgaggacttctgtggggcggggacatgggatcgcatggaagcgatgctcacggcgattgcggcacaacatcgggtatcgatggctccattcggggagggccatcgtcgcccagacggcacacgggatgtcaccaagggccggtcgtggtacttcggcagcaagtcctcaaccttccgcgtggttctctacgagaaggggctggagcagatcgccaagggtatcccggctgatcccacatgggttcgtctggaggttcgcgtgcggccagccagcaaggccaagagcctcttcgggcaagtcaggcttgttccgttcgatcttttcggcatgtcccggtggggcgtcgatatcggtcagcagatgcagggtccggaactcactcgctacaagatcgggtcggtctggaagccatcagagcaggacaaggtagcgctcaagatcgtccgcatgttcgacaggggcttggactacctcttggaccagtacggcacgcccgaggaagtgggtcggatgctttacgaggtcaaggcgaagtccgacgaggcaagcgcctatcctgcgtgttgccggtcgtcgctccgcaagtcccgagggtatgggagcgggagcgtcccatatagaccgacagaggctcaccacgtacatgcgcccattcgcgcgcgcagtcggttggtcggtgaaaacgcgaatccgcgccctatagaccagcagtctttgatgccggatgattga
>gene_45621|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaatgaattataccgatgaagaatttcatcaaatgaccatagaagatatgtttgaagctgatgtaaagccatcactttttgcagtatccagaatatttgcagactgtaggaaacagatgaatttgccagaatacaagacattagtgtatgcactgcaggaagtagattggacacagccttgtccggacactttatatctcgataaaaagaaacttgcttctctggttggagttaattctgatccagaccatttaagtgctgacttaaataggtcaatcggagaaataccaagtcatagttttttaagatttaaagaccctaaaaatggcatttacgataatggtaactttgtaagaagaataacgttctttagaaacaaggttagaataaggcttgaagatgaatacttgaagctgttcggaaatctcgacaaaaattatataactatgtggtcaggcgatatattccagatgaattctgaaaggacaatacttttctatgagcttttaagaaacaattcagataccagaaattcaatcaacgtgggttctgtaggtattaaaaaattcaaagaaatgtttaatatacctaaagacggcaaaggttcatatatgcgtgaaaaaggtggctttgatagattccagtttgagcagagagtaatagaccctatctgtgaagagcttagcagaacggaaatgataacactcgtcctgcaaccagatggaaagtattacgaaaaaataaagagtggtaacagagtaatcgcataccgtttctattggactttgtcagaccctaaaccaaggcttgacacagaagaaccaaaggaagagataattgatatggttgagcctactgaactctggatgagtgctttaactgactttaatttttctgatgaagagctagaagccatcggttccagactagttatggtacctcaaagtatgatgtttagtaacaatgctgcacaaggaaacattgacctggacagatatcactttatggatatgagagccaaagatataagggcagaggacaagaaaaaacctatcaagaacaaatacaagtatttaataaaaatgcttgagaatgactatatacctcaaagatga
>gene_54418|recombinase
gtggctaaaagttacgctattttgagaacggcaaaactcaaaacgatgggcaatattgctggtagcatcgcccacaatttccgcacgattagaacacccaatgctgaccctaatcggactgaagataacctgcatacggttgaagaccctgaagcagtcaaacaggcaatcaaagaccgcttacctgaaaaaagacgctcggatgctgtgctgtgcatcgagtatttggtcactgcaagccctgaatgggaaggctggggaacagacaaggaagttgagttttttgagcgagctggtcaatggctgattgataaacatgggaaggaaaacatagctggtatgagcatccacatggacgaaaccactccgcaccttgtcgcttatgtcgtaccgattgaccagcgtggaaagctcaactgcaaagagtttctaggtggtagagccaagctcaacaagatgcaaaccgactttgccaatgaagtgaaggatttggggctaaaacgagggcttgaaggctcaaaagccaagcatacaaccatcaagcagtattacgacagcatcaacaaagctcaagaggtcgatattaagccaaaaataccgcaacctgacctgttagaaaccaaaaaaacatacggtgaaagggttgccagtgctgtgattaaggattataagcccaaggttgccgatgctaacagcatcttgagcgaatacgagcataacaaggatatgaaagaggtctatcataacttactggtgcgagctgaagagaaagcaaaaccctattttgatgctatcaaggggttaaaacctgctgaagtagaaaggattgataaagcgatagacctagaacgccacagaattgacgtagaacgctcgaaagatgttaaccccacccttaccactaaaaaagtaaaagaacctcttaaatcgcaaaatagaggtgattttgacgacttctatggctcactgtctttctataagcagagaaaagtaggtaaaattctctcaaaggtcaaaaaatctaatcctgaccaactggatgcaatgaaagacaaattaagaaatgaccctgaattgatcgacaagctatacgaacctgaccaagatttggataggtaa
>gene_28548|recombinase
ttgaaagttgcaatttattgccgtctttccgaggaggatagaataaaaaccaaagcggacagcgaaagtatacagaaccaaaaatccatgcttataaattacgcgtcggaaaaagggtgggaaatatacggaatatattgtgatgaaaattattccggcatagacggggacagaccggaatacaaccgtatgcttgaggatgcccaaaaccgttgttttgatataatattgtgcaaaacccagtccagattcagccgcaatatggagcatattgaaagatacctgaacggcaagctgcaggagtggggtatacgctttgttagtgtgcttgataatgctgatacagatgtgcggagcaataaaaaagcaaggcagataaacgggcttataaatgaatggtaccttgaggacctgtcggaaaatgtaaaggccgtactggaaaacaagcacagggagggcaaatctacaagaccctttatgccgtacggatacaaaaagtgcagtaccgataaaaataaaatagaggtggatgaggatgcggcacggattgtgcaaaaaatttttgcatattacatagcggggcataatacaaaggatatcgcagagcttcttaataacgagcttgttctttctccgcaggaatacaaaaaaaacaaaggcgaaaagcttaatattccaaggaagaacaaggagggaaaatggactggtcaggctgttgtcagaatattgaaaaatcctatgtatacgggggatttggtacataacatatattcaaagccaagctataaaagtaaacgtgtagtgaaaaatccaccggaaagttggcatatagtgaaaaattcccatacggctattgtttcacggacagactttgaaaaggtggagaaaattatgcataaaagtaatttcaatatagtatgcggtgaatgttataataaaatgtatgttcaaaggaagaagtataagaataaaatatacaaatatctgtggtgtaaaaattgtaacagacgcataaacggggactatatatcgtcttttttaaaggaaaaatacgcaagcaaaattgacaggattgagattgtaaatcagcatagcgcaaaaatatttttcaataaataa
>gene_50461|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgattgctgaaggaagggtatctctcaaaggtctgaaagcagatgccacggtctttaatgaaatgatcatggatgtaaacaccgattattttgaacagcacggtggatatgaatacgcatgccgcttttacgaagcggcatttcattttgccgaaagtctctacggtaaagac
>gene_14271|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaaaatgccaagaggacgaaagaaaaaagtgctgccaccgcttgaaaacaatcttcaagaaaccaacgtggtgcagaaatccaagccactatttagcctttggaaatcaaaactcacgttatctgagttcaagatacttgatacatacctttcccggatagacagccataaacctgagcaacgcgaggtgcttttcgaaaaaggcgaacttgaaaaactgctcaacgtaaagaaaatcaatcaaccggacttggaaaaaaggttagtgcatttacaaaaaacaactgtaaatatcggcaacggcaagaacgtggataacataacgctgttcgagagatctcaagccacacaagacgaacacggtatatggcaagtgcgcttgacgtgtacgccgtctgctatgaagtacattttcaacgtcgagaagcttggttatctgcgttaccaaatacgttgcatcacaagcataaagagcctttacagctacattatgttcacgtacctcgaatacaaccgcttccggaaatcttgggaagtctctctcgacgagctgaaggacgtgctgaactgcaccgatgaatactacaacgagttttatcggttcaaccaaaagattttgcaacgttgtcaaaaagagctgcacgagaagaccgacatcagatacacttacgagccggtcaaaagaggaacacgagtggtcgctattcacttcgagcttgaaacactcgcgccgcagctcgcgccggaaacagaaactcaaaaccaaatccccggtcagctctcgatattcgatgacgaggaagcaacggcagcgcaggagaagcgcgaggcaagagccgaaaaattcggtttcggcttcgacgatcaccgtttcgacgagttctctgatgaagaactgaccgtgttaaagtcattggcgtggaagcaagtgacagccgatgatatagaacgacacatccacgatctcaaagaccgcgtgcgcgcccatcaatacgccgcttctttactgataattcagaaaattcagaagatgaacgtctacgacaaacgcgagccaatcaacgatcgttacacctacttggagacaatgttaaccccgaagaaagacaaggaataa
>gene_15735|Plasmid replication initiation protein RepB
atggctggcaaaaagtcaagcgggaataaggagacccgcacaagaaattggaccattgttttatatcctgaatctgcgcctcagaattggcgcgaattgcttgatgaccttcatatcgaatgggtggagagtccattgcatgacagggatataaatgcaaatggagaggtt
>gene_25987|replication protein RepB
atgaaggagttagaaaaaacaaatcaattcatggtagcgagggaactatctagagctatcaatggtatgaactcgcttgaattacgtgttctttttgctctacttgcccttagagaacgtggggaattgagttataaggttagttatcaagaattaaatcgattacttaatatagagcgtggaggcaaacagtatactaagactaaaacagcaatggaaagtctaatggtaaagtcaaaaataagaataccatcttatttatccagaacaaatggcgatgtttcttgttttattatcccaaaggttttatggggcaaagaaaacgaaaacatagcagatatacgttttgatgaagatataacacctttacttgatgatttaaaaggaaattatgatttttaccttctatcccaaatggcattatttactagtagtgattattcagcattgatctaccaattctgtacatctatcctaccgactaaagaaaaatcgattcaatatatttggtggttggataaaactgaaactaacccagacagttttcgtgagtggacaggtactttgaaaaagtatccagaatggtatgaattaaagagatgggctattgatccggctatcagggagattaatgaaaagtctgacatagaaattaaatatgtgacaaagaaaaaaggcagatcagtagtagggttaaatatgactattactcgtaaagacaaacataaaaaagtggttgatcaacctcagatgttaccaccagagttgatagaagatcctaatctccttgaggaagtggtggttgatcaggaagaacaaacaactcttgatgacttcatggaaatgaacgatttcgatcgtaggatagattttcttaaaggtgcttgtgctgaagaatttgatacagaacaaatggagtatatttactcgatcatcaatcacaaggagtataccgatttatcattaggcaaagatattgccatgtatgagtaccttaatagacaatataagtccttgaatataacagctaagaagaaagaagcagagaacaaacctatcaagaataggtttaagtactttacagctatcttaaaaaaagattgtggtgtagaataa
>gene_53877|MULTISPECIES: DNA replication protein
gtgattattttggcaaaattaaaggacgcaaaagaagaaatcataggcaatcttgactccaaatattgggttgaaaagtctgaccccctcttcctgatgcggagcgttccgttctcgctgggtgagctgaaaatacttgatacctacatcagccgtatcaatgcagatgatgacagcagacggacagttattttcaccaaagccgaatatgaggagcttatgggattgaccgaagccaacacaaaggcattgagcaagcacaccgacaatcttctcggcaaggttgtcaccttgcaaatgcctaacaaggactttttgaaattcgtgctgttcacgaaggcttactaccacaaggacgagtatggcgttccgattatcgagctgacttgctcccccgaagcaaaagacctgttcttctgcattggcaagtatcattatttccactatgcccttgaaaatgttatcaatctgacccataaagcaggctatcttttgtatatccacattctgtctaaccgtttccgtaaggagtggacggtagagcttgcggagcttcgggacaccattcttgactgcaaggggcaggagtcttatcgagaatacaagatattcaagaacagagtgcttgaccctgctgtgaaagaggttaatgcgaaaaccgactgtaaatttgagtacacccctataaagcgtggtcgctgcattgttcaaatcaagtttaactacttttcagaagaaattgacccgaaccaaattacctttgacgagctgccacaacagccgttactgcccgttgatgaagatagcagggcagcttcatacggtgatgaaaacctcgctatattggcagagggctgcggatatgagttcaacaaggagcaaatggagcagatacagcttgttctcacaaggattgatattcccaaagaccgcaatcttacgggatataacgccacactctacggcagacagcactatctccgtgagaaatacgctgccctcaatgcagaggtcgagaagaaacaacgcaagggaaataagcctatcaaggacaggtttaagtatttcgtgggtatgcttgagcgtgatacattcgagccttctgcctacaagtaa
>gene_33548|MULTISPECIES: DNA replication protein
gtgattattttggcaaaattaaaggacgcaaaagaagaaatcataggcaatcttgactccaaatattgggttgaaaagtctgaccccctcttcctgatgcggagcgttccgttctcgctgggtgagctgaaaatacttgatacctacatcagccgtatcaatgcagatgatgacagcagacggacagttattttcaccaaagccgaatatgaggagcttatgggattgaccgaagccaacacaaaggcattgagcaagcacaccgacaatcttctcggcaaggttgtcaccttgcaaatgcctaacaaggactttttgaaattcgtgctgttcacgaaggcttactaccacaaggacgagtatggcgttccgattatcgagctgacttgctcccccgaagcaaaagacctgttcttctgcattggcaagtatcattatttccactatgcccttgaaaatgttatcaatctgacccataaagcaggctatcttttgtatatccacattctgtctaaccgtttccgtaaggagtggacggtagagcttgcggagcttcgggacaccattcttgactgcaaggggcaggagtcttatcgagaatacaagatattcaagaacagagtgcttgaccctgctgtgaaagaggttaatgcgaaaaccgactgtaaatttgagtacacccctataaagcgtggtcgctgcattgttcaaatcaagtttaactacttttcagaagaaattgacccgaaccaaattacctttgacgagctgccacaacagccgttactgcccgttgatgaagatagcagggcagcttcatacggtgatgaaaacctcgctatattggcagagggctgcggatatgagttcaacaaggagcaaatggagcagatacagcttgttctcacaaggattgatattcccaaagaccgcaatcttacgggatataacgccacactctacggcagacagcactatctccgtgagaaatacgctgccctcaatgcagaggtcgagaagaaacaacgcaagggaaataagcctatcaaggacaggtttaagtatttcgtgggtatgcttgagcgtgatacattcgagccttctgcctacaagtaa
>gene_38006|Putative RepA protein
ttgtacagtcaaaatgatgttagtcaaagtggggatgcgggggcgcgcgcaacgcgtgtcacctcggcacgaatagcgcgagagcctgcatccctaccgacttgtaaattagtgacaaatggtagcggaaaagtttgggctgtagatgaaaatgggaagccccttggtaatactacggataactccgccatccgcacacagcaaggctttcaggcaatcaaagaacggttcaaactgctagattcagctcgaaaaatacttgatggggaacgtactcaacactgtttctataaccgtgtcgataaaaatgatggtgtaggggtcacatttaataaatttcgcaataaagccaattatacgaacgtcatgcgctgtgcaaatgcttggggctgtcctgtttgtgctgcaattatttcagaacatcgtaaatgcgaagtcaaagaggcaatggactggtggaagaaacaaggcggatctgtgctactccttactcttaccgttccccattattcagatactgacatcaaacaactgaaaaaggacttaaaaaaggcttacggtaaattctttaagggtgttcgtgcatctaaagatatgtttgaacgctggcagataaaacactacatctcatgctttgaaattacccacggcaccaatggatttcatccccactatcacgttttgttatttgtgccttattccctgggtaaacaatcattgcctggcataaagcaggatatgtacaaggtctggaaagattgctgtttgaaatcaggtctggacgaaccaaacgaaaaacacggactggatttgcaagccggaaatgatgcagctaactatgttgcgaagtggggcttagagcatgaaatgacaaagggtcatattaaaaagggcaaggaaaatagccgtacaccttttgatattttgagaagttattcagattcagaaaatgaagcggattcaaatctgttcaagctctattattttgcattcaaaggcacacgccagttgaactggtctaaaggtcttaaaaaatttgttagcaaagcagaagaaaaaaccgatcaggaaattgtagacgatactgacaatgtggctgagatgcttttcaag
>gene_28307|mobilization protein
atgatagccaaaggttcatcaattgcacatggcgctgaagcattacagtatggccaagataaggctaattcggtgttcgtatatgggcatcgtattgccggtaataacacagaggattggctgatgcaaatgcagctagtgcaacatagtcacgatagaattaagaacaaatttttgcgttttgaaatttctccgtcgattggagagggtaaagaactgcgaagtgtggaagattggcgtaaattagctcaagatttcgttggcgggatggggcttgatgaccatcaatgtgtagcaattttacaccaggaccgtaagcatcgccatttgcatataattgctaatcgtatatccgtcaatggaatagtaaagagagaccaccaaattggtcgcaaggcaggagaaattgcaaaacaaatcgcaacgacaaggaagtggaaaaatgtcgatgatataagtaaggtcaacaagtatcaatgttggttagcgattaaagattgcatgcgcaacttgaatgcatacacatgggataggttcaaatcggaaatgaataatcgcggttacaccatcaccgaaaataggaggaaagacgggtcaatcaacggatattatatcttgatgcccggccatacattaacaccaaaatataaaggtgttaaggcatcatcaattaatcgtaattgcacgattaataaattacctcaattgtggcagcagcaacatcctgaatcattggatttggatgctttggcggctactattgtgggttggttacgctcatcgcataaaggtacaagagtatcggatggtgtaattattcgccgcggtaatggtggatgggctattcgttgtaagattgatggcgtacagcagatgggaatagatatacctcgtcgatattgtaatgtaatatcatccctgaatgacagtcagcgcgaggagctatttggtgaaattgcaaataaattaattaatagtcaatatcgacctacaggtattgactatgacaatactccacatacagaagatttagatgatgtgatgaatgtaatgtgtggtggagttggagcatacggggtggcagattcctacaaaaataaaaaaaagaaacgataa
>gene_19930|RepB protein
atggctgaaaaaacaatgaagacacggtgtttctcaactatcgtgtatcctgagtccgctccggagaattggttctcaattcttgaagaaatgaaagtaccggctattgtatcaccactacacaaggatgatattaacccaggcggaacccctaagaaagaacactatcat
>gene_40199|Relaxase/Mobilization
atggcggttaaacgccgctatggaaaactcggcgggaatgtagcgtatcacgggtatcagagttttcagacgggcgaggtcaccccggaggaagcacttgccatcggcagagaaaccgcttaccggatgtggggcgacaaatttcaggtgctcgtcaccgtccatctgaat
>gene_28965|Putative replication initiator protein
gtggctgaaaagagctggcggaactgtgagctggtggtttacgaagaaaacctagaaaacacggcgttctgggagacgttagcgaatgagaaggtggtgacaaaatgggcatggatactacacgataaagaagagggtgtagtacacgcgcattttgagctgcaattaagaacgccactgaaaacaagcacgatatgcaataagttcggggtacgagaaaaccagatagaaaagataaagggaacgtgggcggatgccctggactatttgacacataggaacgcgccaacgaagtaccagtatgacgctaaggaagtgcatagtaatttcgactgggaagcggtggcagaaggaagcacgagcaatcagcgcaagaagctggatatgctgatagagggaataacgagcggggacatacgagcgtataacatgacggagtacatcaccggagaggaatacgtaaggcacgagcgtaagataagggcggcattcgcatatagggcacaatacgtaaaagcccacatggaagagctggtagaaatgaaagatatcgtgtggatatacggacagacaggaacgggaaaaacgactttcgcgaaggaatgcgcgaagggataccagcttgcatacacgcttacaagtcttggaaagaatccgtttgacgattaccaagacgaaccgtgtgtgatagtggatgatttgcggccagacgatttgaaattccaagaccttctaggggtgctcgacccatacaacttcaaacacgcggctgctagataccacaataaggcgttgcaaacacagctaataatcgtaacgacgatactaagcccagaggcgtttgctaaggcgtgcaacggtgaggaattgggcatagaggacgctaggcaattgtacaggcgcattaacacggtattcgaggtaacgacagaagaggtaatcgaatacgagtacgacagtaattcgtacttgacgcgggatgtagtgagcagatacccgaattactggctgaaaatcaagcagaacgagcaaagaaagcgcggtagaagcgtaatagagcgaatggcagaagatgccatgaatcagctagacggcgtgaacgctgttacagcgtga
>gene_54480|Relaxase/mobilization
atggcagtcattaaggcagtatcttcaaaggcaggcatagggcaggcactggactatgtgacgaaagaggaaaagacagaggagaagcttgtcagcggtctgcactgtgagccggagacggtcaaggaagaaatgcaagccactaaggaactgtgggggaagacagacggcaggacgtacaagcactatgtccagtcttaccatgaagacgagaacataaccccggaacaggcacataaaaacgctgtcgagcttgcagagcatacaccggcatggcaagggcatgaggtgttgatagcaacacacatagataaagggcatatacacagccattttatcgtcaattccgtaaattatgaaaatggtcataagctccaatggagcaagaaagaccttgcggatcttaaggagaggtgcaaccagcagagcatggagcaggggttgcacgtgccggaaaagggcaggacgttttccggagaaatccgggaagaaacggttgcatggaaaaaggacacctaccagcttttgaaacaggcagagcaggggcaggtaaaaagctatgtgcaggatatagctttagcagtgctggactgcaaagagtcagcagtcagcagggaagactttatccagcagatgaatgaaagagggtacggggtggactggcaggacagccacaagtacatcacatacacagatttagccagggaaaaggcaggagaaaaggcttgcaaaatcagggataacaagcttgaaaaatactacaatatggcttttggaaaggagagcatggagcatgagtttgagagaaatgcacgaacagcagaaagaacagaaccgcagtccgatagaacagctccaagaaatgaacaggcagagcaggacagaactggaaaacagcctgctgaaagaagcgttggcgctgtcgagcgagaactgcgaggaattgatgaagcagtcaaatcaagaacaagtgcaggcagagcagaacaggcagagagatgcagagcagaacaggcagctcatcaacgagctgaagcagagcgtcgagctgctgaagaacagcaacgaactgcttcaagacgccatatcgggcgaaattgggagcttgagaggtga
>gene_18978|Relaxase/mobilization
atggcagtcattaaggcagtatcttcaaaggcaggcatagggcaggcactggactatgtgacgaaagaggaaaagacagaggagaagcttgtcagcggtctgcactgtgagccggagacggtcaaggaagaaatgcaagccactaaggaactgtgggggaagacagacggcaggacgtacaagcactatgtccagtcttaccatgaagacgagaacataaccccggaacaggcacataaaaacgctgtcgagcttgcagagcatacaccggcatggcaagggcatgaggtgttgatagcaacacacatagataaagggcatatacacagccattttatcgtcaattccgtaaattatgaaaatggtcataagctccaatggagcaagaaagaccttgcggatcttaaggagaggtgcaaccagcagagcatggagcaggggttgcacgtgccggaaaagggcaggacgttttccggagaaatccgggaagaaacggttgcatggaaaaaggacacctaccagcttttgaaacaggcagagcaggggcaggtaaaaagctatgtgcaggatatagctttagcagtgctggactgcaaagagtcagcagtcagcagggaagactttatccagcagatgaatgaaagagggtacggggtggactggcaggacagccacaagtacatcacatacacagatttagccagggaaaaggcaggagaaaaggcttgcaaaatcagggataacaagcttgaaaaatactacaatatggcttttggaaaggagagcatggagcatgagtttgagagaaatgcacgaacagcagaaagaacagaaccgcagtccgatagaacagctccaagaaatgaacaggcagagcaggacagaactggaaaacagcctgctgaaagaagcgttggcgctgtcgagcgagaactgcgaggaattgatgaagcagtcaaatcaagaacaagtgcaggcagagcagaacaggcagagagatgcagagcagaacaggcagctcatcaacgagctgaagcagagcgtcgagctgctgaagaacagcaacgaactgcttcaagacgccatatcgggcgaaattgggagcttgagaggtga
>gene_51021|Rep protein
ttgaaatcagaaaaaaaagaggagcttaacaactgcgaattgttaaacccctcttgtgatgatgtagtatcacctgctcactataatgataccacatcatcattgaattgtcaatcgttagagaacgaactgaaaaagaaatggataccaaaaaagcttctttctgaacgtcttgtattgtgttattatcgtcttgaccttgaaaagaaagctgaacgtgttgtaaattgtggcacgtttttggaatttggaaaagttgaggagctcgggggcgtttcccccggtgcacctggtaggtgctcgggggacgccccgacatcaaccaatttcaagttgcataaggctaatttttgccgtgatagactttgtccaatgtgtgcctggcgtaggtcttataagatttttggacaagtatctcaaattatgaatttgatagtttctgattatgattttctatttcttactcttacagttccgaattgttccgctgatgagcttatttctaccttgaataaaatgtcaaaagcttggcttaatcttgttagacataagcgtattaaaagcattttaaaaggtttttttaaagctttagaaatcacttataataagtcagctgatacattccacccgcattttcacgccgttcttgctgttcctaaacgttattttaaaagtgaattatatattcatcgtgatgaatggcttgcaatgtggcaaaaagctatgaatgattacagtataacacaggttgacgttcgcaaggctcgcagtaaaaaagatttgaaatttgcagatacagctgtttcttctttaagctctgctgttgcagaaattgctaaatatgccgttaaatcatcagattatttatttgatgatgaacgtttgactgataaagtcgtttccgttcttgttcctgctcttgctggtcgtcgtctttgctcttttggtggttgttttctgaaagctcaccaggctttacagcttgatgatgcagaagatggtgacctcatacatattgacggtgatttgcgttcagatattgctgtacaaatttaccgctacggttggagctgtggaacatacaagcttatagaaattcgggataatgaaaaataa
>gene_26716|replication protein
aaaaaagatttgaaatttgcagatacagctgtttcttctttaagctctgctgttgcagaaattgctaaatatgccgttaaatcatcagattatttatttgatgatgaacgtttgactgataaagtcgtttccgttcttgttcctgctcttgctggtcgtcgtctttgctcttttggtggttgttttctgaaagctcaccaggctttacagcttgatgatgcagaagatggtgacctcatacatattgacggtgatttgcgttcagatattgctgtacaaatttaccgctacggttggagctgtggaacatacaagcttatagaaattcgggataatgaaaaataa
>gene_35630|Recombination factor protein RarA
atcgagaaggcgaagagcaatcgcttcttcgattccgtatcgccgatcttgttcatcgacgagatccatcgcttcagcaagtcgcaacaagactccttgctgcatgccgtagagacgggtgttgtcaccctgatcggagcgacgactgagaatccctctttcgaggtgatccgccctttgttgtcgcgttgccaggtctacgtgttgaagtcgcttgagaaggccgacctgatggccttgctgcatcgagcccttgcggaagatgtggtgctgaaggagaagcatatcaagctgacggagaccgacgccctgttgcgctactcgggaggtgacgcccgcaagctgctgaatatcctcgagctggtggtttcggccgaagagtcgaacgagattgaaatattggatgcgaaagtggtggagcggttgcaagagaatcccgcggcctacgacaagggaggggagatgcattacgacatcatctcagcctttatcaagtctatccgcggaagcgatcccgatggagcgatctactggctggcccgcatggtggctggtggggaggatccggagttcatcgcccgacgcttggtgatctcggcggccgaggatatcggcttggccaatcccaatgcactgttgctggccaatacctgtttcgacgccttgaaaaagatcggttggcccgaggggcgaatcatcttggccgagacgcagttgcgtcaaggcaaggaggctaccgaggcattccagaatgctgtagagtcggcagtggccgacatcttgacaatctgtggcaaggacgcaagtgttgccaaggattacgctgagtcgttgggcgcagctaccttgcagaagctcttcgagcagaagtatctggcacagtgtgtggatgagcaggttgagaccttcaacgatatccgtcgttgccaggctatgggcgagaactgggttaagttgaccaacccgatgaacacgcagagcggtttgaaccgtctgccgatgcgtttgccctatggaagcgacagcgtgctgaacaacccgacgattgccgaggcttacggtgatggctactacatctactctgagccggtatggtgggctggtggtaagcgttaa
>gene_38332|chromosome partitioning protein ParB
atgcgtgagctgatagacagcgtaaaagcaaacggtgttctcacaccggcgattgtccgtccccgtgaagaaggcggttatgaggtggtgtccggtcacaggaggctgtacgcagccaaggaagcaggactgcttacgctccctgctataatccgtgaaatgaca
>gene_2274|Bacterial mobilisation protein (MobC)
gtgtcgtcagtcaatgacgagctgctctccgctgtcgggaagctcacagccgagtacggcaggattggcggcaatctcaaccagattgcccgcaccctcaacgagtggcatagcccctataatagaaccaacgacaaatatacttttaggggagatatagcaatatga
>gene_53766|Replication protein Rep
atgacgtggccggaggggcaaaaggaaagccccgattccgtggcagcggagatcggggccgagggtgtcgaggctctacccggtcgggtggatcggtacggaaaagcaaagaaaagggcgctcgacgttgccgagtatatgcgagcgtcggaggacctggaa
>gene_48639|Replication protein
atgggtgcgcttattaatgcgtacgcacctcgattgcaggatgagaaagaactatatttcatcaccctaacacgtccgaacgttcgagcagaacagttaagtgaagaactgtccgcttatagtaagaagtggcaattaatacagaactcgaaatggtataagagggcaacattgttgcaggggatgataggtattaagaaactggagtgtacctatcacgcaaacagatatgttttgaagaagctgccacctgaatggaaacaagaccatgggaagtggtacaagatacagaagtttgaacgtacatcagagaaagatgagtggtttgatacgtaccatccgcatttacatatcttggtgaataataaagaagttgctttgaaaataatcgagaagtggctcaagataaacccagaggcgagggcagcagcacaaaactatcaggaagtgacgaacaaaaaagcatatcttgagatattcaagtacttcacaaagcttgttgcgaaggacagcaacggaaaacgcttctttgatgcaaagcacatgaacgtgatatttgaagcgatgagcggaagacaggtatataaacgcattggctcggacgaaagttggaagtgcggagaagtcaacgaagaagaaacggaagaagaagcagctatttttttagaggatatgtcttggaagacattctcatggaaagagatagaagataagtttggctattatgatgtagattcaggagagattctaacggaaatggtagcacctgaccacctcatggaaatcatcaaccacgagaagatgaagggaaaagagttagaactattcaacaaaaagagcactcaggaatga
>gene_33633|Replication protein
atgggtgcgcttattaatgcgtacgcacctcgattgcaggatgagaaagaactatatttcatcaccctaacacgtccgaacgttcgagcagaacagttaagtgaagaactgtccgcttatagtaagaagtggcaattaatacagaactcgaaatggtataagagggcaacattgttgcaggggatgataggtattaagaaactggagtgtacctatcacgcaaacagatatgttttgaagaagctgccacctgaatggaaacaagaccatgggaagtggtacaagatacagaagtttgaacgtacatcagagaaagatgagtggtttgatacgtaccatccgcatttacatatcttggtgaataataaagaagttgctttgaaaataatcgagaagtggctcaagataaacccagaggcgagggcagcagcacaaaactatcaggaagtgacgaacaaaaaagcatatcttgagatattcaagtacttcacaaagcttgttgcgaaggacagcaacggaaaacgcttctttgatgcaaagcacatgaacgtgatatttgaagcgatgagcggaagacaggtatataaacgcattggctcggacgaaagttggaagtgcggagaagtcaacgaagaagaaacggaagaagaagcagctatttttttagaggatatgtcttggaagacattctcatggaaagagatagaagataagtttggctattatgatgtagattcaggagagattctaacggaaatggtagcacctgaccacctcatggaaatcatcaaccacgagaagatgaagggaaaagagttagaactattcaacaaaaagagcactcaggaatga
>gene_18320|Replication protein
atgggtgcaaagttagataaaaattccgagaacgcaaaggattctgcgttaaaagtcactatcgcattgcgaaaaaagaacaaatacaggtggtttggctatcacctcgctagtatgttgtactatcagaaccctgattctagtcttagaactagatatcagaactccttccactgctgtgaaaagttgtttcaaggcaacggaagaattactgcaaagtactgcaaaaataggtggtgtcctcaatgccaacgcatcaggatgggtgcgcttattaatgcgtacgcacctcgattgcaggatgagaaagagctatacttcataaccctgacacgtccgaacgttcgagccgaacagttaagtgaagaactgtccgtttatagtaagaagtggcaattaatacagaagtcgaaatggtataagagggcaacgttgttgcaggggatgataggtattaagaaactggagtgtacctatcacgcaaacagatatgtattaaagaagctgccacctgaatggaaacaagaccatgggaagtggtacaagatacagaagtttgaacgtacatcagagaaagatgagtggtttgatacgtaccatccgcatttacatatcttggtgaataataaagacgttgctttgaagataattgagaagtggctcaagataaacccagaggcgagggcagcagcccaaaactatcaggaagtgacgaacaaaaaagcatatcttgagatattcaagtacttcaccaaacttgttgcgaaggacagcaacggaaaacgcttctttgatgcaaagcacatgaacgtgatatttgaagcgatgagcggaaggcaggtatataaacggctcggctcggacgaaagttggaagtgcggagaagtcaacgaagaagaaacggaagaagaagcagctatttttttagaggatatgtcttggaaaacattctcatggaaagagatagaagataagtttggctattatgatgtagattcaggagagattctaacggaaatggtagcacctgaccatctgatggaaatcatcaaccacgagaagatgaagggaaaagagttagaactattcaacaaaaagagcactcagggataa
>gene_36086|Replication protein
atgggtgcaaagttagataaaaattccgagaacgcaaaagattctgcgttaaaagtcactatcgcattgcgaaaaaagaacaaatacaggtggtttggctatcacctcgctagtatgttgtactatcagaaccctgattctagtcttagaactagatatcagaactccttccactgctgtgaaaagttgttccaaggcaacggaagaattactgcaaagtactgcaaaaataggtggtgtccgcaatgccaacgtatcaggatgggtgcgcttattaatgcgtacgcacctcgattgcaggatgagaaagaactatatttcatcaccctaacacgtccgaacgttcgagcagaacagttaagtgaagaactgtccgcttatagtaagaagtggcaattaatacagaactcgaaatggtataagagggcaacattgttgcaggggatgataggtattaagaaactggagtgtacctatcacgcaaacagatatgttttgaagaagctgccacctgaatggaaacaagaccatgggaagtggtacaagatacagaagtttgaacgtacatcagagaaagatgagtggtttgatacgtaccatccg
>gene_37205|Addiction module antitoxin, RelB/DinJ
gtgagaagggagtatgatattatggcaaatgggtgtgatgtgccgaacagggacactctggaagcaatcgaagaagtaaagcgtcttaaagacgaccccaataaaaaaatatataattcttttgatgaaattttacgggaaggggcgaacgagagtgacgaatga
>gene_36537|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgaagaatgtaaaaaagcgcaactgggcaatggttctttatcccgaatcagctccggaggactggcgcgagcagcttcaaaagacgggtcttttgtgcgcgatatcaccgctgcacaatgcagacagtaatgcagacggggaagtgaaaaaagagcac
>gene_37926|TrbL/VirB6 plasmid conjugal transfer protein
atgaacggaatattcaccttcctgacagcgtcgatagatagcgcgctgtcgacctacgtaacggccgtctcgaccaagctggcgctattcctggctcccatagtggcttcggcattgtcgatttattacacagttatggggatggctgtgatgcggggc
>gene_7531|Plasmid recombination protein
atgcctttcgcaattttgcgccttcagaaattgaaaacgtttgccgatatcggtggaagtctttcgcataattaccgcaaccgagaaacactcaatgctgattctgagcgcactcatctgaatgaccatgattttgatacaaacgaaaaatgcatgact
>gene_43068|Replication protein A
atggaagatgaactgttagcagcttactacaatgcgatagacctgtataaggcctccaaggaaaagaaacccgtagagaagcaggtgccggaacgattgccggcaaagcttccgacacagcagcgcgaaatcgtggagtcgtacaaacttgcctttggccgtaatgcctatggcctgtacgcccagcgagccaagcttgtacttatcgaggcactgcaggattacatcaatggcctccggttccgtgatggtggatgcgtcaagtacgacaccaccgtcgatgagaacctgttcggcgaaagaagcatatccttcgatatccgccgtatatgcccggaaggagttaccaacttcatggaggttcgcgagcagctggtggaaatgctttcgcttcatttcgaatatgaagatggggaaaggttcagaggcgtcaacttcttcaaggaagtcgtggcggagaaaggatcctggacggccactttctacaccacgaattccatctgggaagtctttatggacttttccaagggatatcgaaaagtcgaactgggtaccgctatgaagttccggtccgtctatgccctacgcttttacgagaaggtcgtaggccagacagacccggtaacttacaccatcgacgaactccgcgctatgttccagctgcagaagaagtacaagaagcctacggatttcgttacttatgtcgtacaagcagccaaggacgaacttgatgaagtcagtccttggagcttcgactacacccagaactacaaggccgaaggccggggacggccatccctgcactccgttactctcattcctctacgccttcccaggaatgaaagtgacggtagtaacacctaccgcaggaatatctccgtctctcaaattctcagcaaggaatctctcgattatctgatgcatactctcgacttctcgaagaaagaaatcacaaacaatttctttctgtttgaagcagccgagaaacatttggagctccctgaatttctccacaaaatagggccccgtgcgctgagggtaaagaacccaaaagggtacactattaaagccatcaaaaaagaacttaaagaaagtgcgcatatagtcttataa
>gene_515|Replication protein A
atggaagatgaactgttagcagcttactacaatgcgatagacctgtataaggcctccaaggaaaagaaacccgtagagaagcaggtgccggaacgattgccggcaaagcttccgacacagcagcgcgaaatcgtggagtcgtacaaacttgcctttggccgtaatgcctatggcctgtacgcccagcgagccaagcttgtacttatcgaggcactgcaggattacatcaatggcctccggttccgtgatggtggatgcgtcaagtacgacaccaccgtcgatgagaacctgttcggcgaaagaagcatatccttcgatatccgccgtatatgcccggaaggagttaccaacttcatggaggttcgcgagcagctggtggaaatgctttcgcttcatttcgaatatgaagatggggaaaggttcagaggcgtcaacttcttcaaggaagtcgtggcggagaaaggatcctggacggccactttctacaccacgaattccatctgggaagtctttatggacttttccaagggatatcgaaaagtcgaactgggtaccgctatgaagttccggtccgtctatgccctacgcttttacgagaaggtcgtaggccagacagacccggtaacttacaccatcgacgaactccgcgctatgttccagctgcagaagaagtacaagaagcctacggatttcgttacttatgtcgtacaagcagccaaggacgaacttgatgaagtcagtccttggagcttcgactacacccagaactacaaggccgaaggccggggacggccatccctgcactccgttactctcattcctctacgccttcccaggaatgaaagtgacggtagtaacacctaccgcaggaatatctccgtctctcaaattctcagcaaggaatctctcgattatctgatgcatactctcgacttctcgaagaaagaaatcacaaacaatttctttctgtttgaagcagccgagaaacatttggagctccctgaatttctccacaaaatagggccccgtgcgctgagggtaaagaaccca
>gene_34363|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgtatcaagtcttgagagtgcaaaaattaaaaagcactgctatcggcgcttgtcaagctcacaacttgcgagaatataaaacgctagcgcataacattgatgaacaaaggacaaaaaataacgttgaattactcaaatgttcagatttcagtcaagcagttaatcagcgtgtatcagagatccaagctcagcaaaaaagaaaaatcagaaaagactgtcctcgtgcgcttgagtatgtcgtatctgcaagttctgaattttttaaaaacgctagcgtaaaacagcaaaaacaatatttcgagcagtctcttgaatatctcaagaaacgtcatggtgaaaacaacgtgatcagcgctgtgatacacaatgacgagcagacacctcacatgcacgtagtcgtggtgccagagtttgagcgcaaacttaatcctaagcacttcatggataaattcgaacttcctaaacttcactctgaatttaatcaagttgttggatcaaagtttgagcttgaacgaggagagcaatctgacagaaagcacatgacagcagcagagcatgagcgtgctttgaaatattcgtgtaaagaacttgagaaacgaaagaatctgctacttgaagatttagaaaaatacaaagctcgtgatttcgaagtaccaatacttcaaacacccgagccaaaactgctcgaaagcaaagcagactatggcaaaagatgcatgaaatcagcctgtgagcagataacaccgtcgttcaaagtagctcagtcaagatataacgctagcgtaaaactaaaaaaagaaaatgaaaatttaaaaaatgagcttgaacagttgcgagtgacttctgaaaatcaacggagagccactttaaacgctcataaagaggcattagacaccctcagaatactaacccctttgacggagcttatacagcccttaaaacgcaaatatgagatttctacaaaagacgtgatcgaaaatttaagtttgattatcagaacaaaattaaaaattacagaccaggatattcagtctgctagagataattcacagtctaaggcaccgcagaagcagagcctctttgctagagttaaaaaaggatttgaacgctag
>gene_58087|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgtatcaagtcttgagagtgcaaaaattaaaaagcactgctatcggcgcttgtcaagctcacaacttgcgagaatataaaacgctagcgcataacattgatgaacaaaggacaaaaaataacgttgaattactcaaatgttcagatttcagtcaagcagttaatcagcgtgtatcagagatccaagctcagcaaaaaagaaaaatcagaaaagactgtcctcgtgcgcttgagtatgtcgtatctgcaagttctgaattttttaaaaacgctagcgtaaaacagcaaaaacaatatttcgagcagtctcttgaatatctcaagaaacgtcatggtgaaaacaacgtgatcagcgctgtgatacacaatgacgagcagacacctcacatgcacgtagtcgtggtgccagagtttgagcgcaaacttaatcctaagcacttcatggataaattcgaacttcctaaacttcactctgaatttaatcaagttgttggatcaaagtttgagcttgaacgaggagagcaatctgacagaaagcacatgacagcagcagagcatgagcgtgctttgaaatattcgtgtaaagaacttgagaaacgaaagaatctgctacttgaagatttagaaaaatacaaagctcgtgatttcgaagtaccaatacttcaaacacccgagccaaaactgctcgaaagcaaagcagactatggcaaaagatgcatgaaatcagcctgtgagcagataacaccgtcgttcaaagtagctcagtcaagatataacgctagcgtaaaactaaaaaaagaaaatgaaaatttaaaaaatgagcttgaacagttgcgagtgacttctgaaaatcaacggagagccactttaaacgctcataaagaggcattagacaccctcagaatactaacccctttgacggagcttatacagcccttaaaacgcaaatatgagatttctacaaaagacgtgatcgaaaatttaagtttgattatcagaacaaaattaaaaattacagaccaggatattcagtctgctagagataattcacagtctaaggcaccgcagaagcagagcctctttgctagagttaaaaaaggatttgaacgctag
>gene_49533|Replication protein RepB
atggcagatgaaaggcgaaaggtttgggcggcgattctctatcaggaatcagtgcctagcgattggaaagaacagcttgaaaggacacacgttgccattgccgtgtcacccttgcatgacaaggacgtttggacggacgcggatgaagacgagaatcca
>gene_13686|prevent-host-death protein
atgagagatgattcagagcagctcacccttgcgacagagacggaaaattcacctgcttcggaattcgagttggatctgacagacgatgagaagatagatattgtggctcgccgtattctgaataggtttaaacctgcgtttttggaattagctaaatag
>gene_8531|Replication protein
caaattctcacttatattataaaataccctacggaggaaaagacaatgccgagacgaaaaaagctacccaaaaaccctgattatacaggtcttccgaaaaaggaagaagccttactggtccaaaaaagcaacccgttgctgagcctgacacaatccaagatgaccctgtcggagtttaagattttggacgtatatttgagccggatcgacagccatgacgaagaaaagcgctatgtgcgttttcaaaagggcgaattggaaaagctcctgggggttgatcgaattcgcaaagacgatcttgaaaaaagacttgaaaaccttttccaggttcttacgatccaggatccggacaagccaaagggatttaccaagattggtctatttgcaaaagctgaggccatccaagacgaagaaggtctgtggcaggtagatctcgcctgcacacaagaggcgcgagagtatgtttttaatatcgagcatcttggatatatccgttatcgtctgcatagtgtggtcaatctgacaagccgatactcttacgcgcttttcttgtatctggaggataaccgctttcgtaagagctgggatgtggatcttgatcagctcaagaagatcctccgctgtgatgcagaagcaaacaaagagtttaagttcttcagtagagacgtcttaaaaaaatctcaaaaagagctgcatgaaaagacggatatccgcttctcatacagaccgatccagaaaggataccacaagaccgtcggagtccactttgaagtcgaaactcttgctgatctgcaagagcagattccaggacagatgcatataaccgactttatgccgctccaggaactgagcgaaagagaaggtgaactgtgggaggacgctattgaatcgatgcacctgaccagagaacaacttgatgagctcggggcggtcttaacgacggtgccggaatggaagctgccgccggatccggttaccggagacagcctggagataaggcgatatcactacatggatcagaaagctgcagagcttcgtcgacggcaaagccagtcggatatcaaacacccatattcctacctgctcaagatgatcaggcaggatatggcttaa
>gene_20562|Replication protein
atgccgagacgaaaaaagctacccaaaaaccctgattatacaggtcttccgaaaaaggaagaagccttactggtccaaaaaagcaacccgttgctgagcctgacacaatccaagatgaccctgtcggagtttaagattttggacgtatatttgagccggatcgacagccatgacgaagaaaagcgctatgtgcgttttcaaaagggcgaattggaaaagctcctgggggttgatcgaattcgcaaagacgatcttgaaaaaagacttgaaaaccttttccaggttcttacgatccaggatccggacaagccaaagggatttaccaagattggtctatttgcaaaagctgaggccatccaagacgaagaaggtctgtggcaggtagatctcgcctgcacacaagaggcgcgagagtatgtttttaatatcgagcatcttggatatatccgttatcgtctgcatagtgtggtcaatctgacaagccgatactcttacgcgcttttcttgtatctggaggataaccgctttcgtaagagctgggatgtggatcttgatcagctcaagaagatcctccgctgtgatgcagaagcaaacaaagagtttaagttcttcagtagagacgtcttaaaaaaatctcaaaaagagctgcatgaaaagacggatatccgcttctcatacagaccgatccagaaaggataccacaagaccgtcggagtccactttgaagtcgaaactcttgctgatctgcaagagcagattccaggacagatgcatataaccgactttatgccgctccaggaactgagcgaaagagaaggtgaactgtgggaggacgctattgaatcgatgcacctgaccagagaacaacttgatgagctcggggcggtcttaacgacggtgccggaatggaagctgccgccggatccggttaccggagacagcctggagataaggcgatatcactacatggatcagaaagctgcagagcttcgtcgacggcaaagccagtcggatatcaaacacccatattcctacctgctcaagatgatcaggcaggatatggcttaa
>gene_44459|RepB replication protein
tttgctctgtcgccatcaacgatagagcttctcaaatcaacagagttcttcacgaagctcgatctgctcgaaatgaatccgcttgtatcaaagcatacacacatcattatagagtggctcaaaatgtatgagcatgccccacaaattccagaattatcaattgacgagctacgaagaattacagatacagctgataaaagaacttacgataattttgcagaagttcagcgcaaaattcttgatgttgctgtggcagaaatcaacgaaaagacgagctatcaagtctcatacgaagctataaaggaacgagcaaagacaagaccgaaagttacaaagctacgctggacatttaagcgcaaagaagcagagccagagcaaagcaacgtatctaacactacgcaagatatatcaatccatgggcgatacgcagtgcttgccgatctttatgttcgagatggcttctgcgcttctgaatcggacttttacaaagcaacgtatatagctgatttgagcttgctgaactggttttatgacgcaaaaaagcacttgcagaaagcaagaaacaagatccgatatctgcaaggagatatagaaaaaggctccaaaagagggcgatggcaaagccagatcgatgtatataaggctcttttggctagattgagcgaaaaagatcaggcttttatgctcgaaaagcaatccgagcaaggcttctatgaacagatcttgataatgaaaaaacacctcggcgatgtaacgccggtaaaagatcctgaaaagtggctataa
>gene_44393|DNA replication protein
atgaaggtccgattttttactgcagccaatcttgccaactcacttattgaggctcaggataacaaaagcctaatgcgtcttgagaaacagcttgaaaaggctgatctcttaatcattgacgagcttagttgtcatccttatccgtcctggcactgg
>gene_21704|Replication protein repB
gaattgcaacagataatcattgaacaggacttgtcagaatatgctgacttcctcgaatatgtgttcttgaatggtaacgagttggaatacgatgtggcgacaagtcacacaattctttttaattcgtacttgaagtcgaggcgctaccgcaaaagttaa
>gene_27322|Mobilization protein
gtggacaggacatggaaatttgatggaggtaccgatgattatgtaaaaatgtttgagcagatggagcaggacaagatcatctctaccagaggtctgaaaccggacgcagttaaatacggcgagttagtttttgatgtgaactccgcttacttctat
>gene_14188|replication protein
atgaatgatttacaaaaaacaaatcagttcatgatagctagagaactatcaagagctatcaatggtatgaactcattagagttacgtgttttattttccctttttgccattagagaaaaagaggagctagagttaaaaataacatatcaggatctaatggagttgttaaaagtaaaaagaggaactaatgctgataatcgaatgaagacatctatgagagcattaagaagaaaaacggatataacgatacctaaagaattatcaagaacaggtaatgaaatcgattgtaatattattaccgaggtagagtggagtgaagaagacaaatcaaaagcaataattcgattcagcgataaagtagctccattgcttgataatctaaaaagcaattatgatttctaccttttatctcaaatggcattatttactagtagtgattattcagcattaatctaccaattctgtacatccgtcctaccaattaaggaaaaatcaattcaatacatctggtggctagataagacagacaccaatcctgatagtttcagagaatggacaggcactctaaaaaaatatccagaatggtatgaattaaaaagatgggctattgatccagcaatcaaggaaatcaatgagaagtctgatattatcattgtttatactccaaagaagaaaggtagatctgtagttggcttgaacatgactatcactcgtaaaggaaaggttaaaaaagaaattgatcaacctcaagtgttaccatcaggtgaggtagaagatcctgtcgaggaagtagtggtggatcaagacgagcaaacaactcttgatgacttcatggaaatgaatgatttcgatcgtaggatagattttcttaaaggtgcttgtgctgaagaatttgatacagaacaaatggagtatatttactcgatcatcaatcacaaggagtataccgacttgtcattaggtaaagatattgccatgtatgagtaccttaataggcaatataagtccttgaatataacagctaagaagaaagaagcagagaacaaacctatcaagaatatgttcaagtacttcacagctatcttaaagaaagattgtggtgtagaataa
>gene_20793|Site-specific recombinase phage integrase family
atggcgaaaaagagggctgatgggcggcttgtacgtacgttcacttatgacgggcgaaagatttttgtctatggtcattcaaagcaggaacttgatgaacgggaatatctgaaacgtgcagagttgaaatctggaaaagaacagcgtgataaccctacacttaatcaatatcattcacggtgggaagatgcacggcggagaagtgttaaagaatcaaccttgcgctgtcagagcatacaattcaagaattgtgctaatgttcggatagaatcagcgggaagaacactcggagaaatgaggttgaaagaaatcacggttgacgatctgcgggaagtacagaaagcattgctagacgatcatagaacgcagaccgtaaatgatgcacttgcacacctctctcatatcttccatgacgcagtaaaggaacgcaggattgattataacccttgtgtacttgtgaagcccttaaaacggacagaaccgaaagcacgtgatactgtacacagagcattgactgttgcagaacagaaagcattttttgaagcggcgaaagattctttttattatgactgctaccgcatggctatctatacgggtatgcgttgcggtgaaatcggtgctttgatgttatccgatatttacgatgatatgatacacgttgaaagaactatcacacgggaagaaacaggcggctaccgtataggtgatacggctaagacagaatacggacggcgtactatcccgctgaatgatgatattcggaaagtgattgaacaccagaaatcaatcaaccgaatgctagatggtgagaatgttattattttacgtgataggctattcaaagcaccggagcggggattgcttatgtctacaccgatcaacagggaaataacgaggatatgcaagcgtatagggatagagaaatttcagtttcacgctttgcgcgacacgttcgcgacacgggctattgaatccggtatgaatcctcggacgttgcaggaaatcctcggacacgctgatttctcgcttacaatgaatctgtacggacacgttgttgacgatacgaaaaaggacgctatgcaaaaactgaatatcgctatcaatcaatag
>gene_20976|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggctgtgcttaaaaatgagaagacaggcaaatgggaagttcggacgagatatcgcgactataccggagcaaagaaacagaagacgaaaagaggatttgatctgaagcgcgaggcagaagcctgggaaagagacttcctgcttcggcaaaacgatgatctcaacatgaagttcggggactttgttgagcagtatcggcaggatatcaaaccgcgtgtgcgtaagagcacctatgatacgaaagaccatatgctgcggactaagatcgtaccgtactttaaggatcgtaagatcaacgagattactgtcgcagatgtgatcaaatggcagactgagattcaaagcaacgagaagaagcatggcgggaacttctcaagcacctacttgaaatccatccatgctcagcttagcgcagtgttcaaccatgcagtcagatattacgggcttcagaagaaccctgccagagatgcagggaaaatgggagctgaggaaagtaaagagatgaacttttggacattggaagagtacctgaaattttctgaggcgattgctgacaaaccgcagtcgtatatggctttccaagtgttgtactggacaggcatgcgtgaagcagagatgctggcgctcacacctgcagatatcgactttacaaagaagaccattcgcatcaacaaacagtttcacagagagggtggtcaggatatcgtgtctgaaccgaaaacaaaaaagggaaagagaacagtggtgattcccgattttctgacagatgaactgcgcaactacttggatcatatctaccacattgaggacgatcagcgaatcttcaacataagcaaaagtggtctctaccatgagatggaaagaggcagcaaacttgccggagtgaaacgtatcaggacgcacgatctcagacattcacacatctcgctattgattgacagaggattctctgccttagcaatcggagaacgagtagggcatgaagcagaacggatcacctaccgttatgcgcatttattcccgacagtgcagactgcgatggcaaagcgactagatgaagatctgaaggaggctttcgatgtcagcaaaatcaatggacaagaagaatag
>gene_54457|recombinase
atggcaacgatagcaacacataacggatctggagcatcgagggggcataatctccggaaagaagagattgtgtccaaggagaagcatattgatccggagggtatacatgaaacatggttcgacgtcgcaccacggcaagcatacgatcagatttttggaaaggcggtcgaggaatataacgcccagcagaccagagctgatcgaaaaataacgaattactataacgaggtgcgtgccgatcagcgtcgtcatgttggctatgagatgattataggcatttacccaaaagagggcgaaactgtcccggatgcactcggaaagaacgtcctgcgggaatttgtggcttcatggcaagagcgaaacccgaaccttaccatgaccggggcatattatcacgcagacgagcagggcagagccccgcacgtccatattgactacatcccggtagcacatggctataaacgaggaccggcagtccagaacggtcttgtaaaagcgctaggcgaaatgggattcgagggcaggggcaagaataccgcacaaatacagtgggaacggcgggaaaatgaatatttggaaaccctctgcaaccgccggggaatctccgtagagcatccgcaggagggtaagggagtcaaacacctgcatactgaaacatataaagcgaatcaggatttacaggaactgaaagatgatattaaatctcatgaagttatggaagaacactataaaagccgtgtttctctgctctcgagccggagagaacagctttctgcagaagtcaaggcactgcatgccgacataactactctgcagaacgaaaagaacaatttgaacagcagcgttagcattacgttgcaacttgagcagcaggcacgttcccggatagatttttataataaactcgctgaaagtaagcaaaaagagcttgaacaattaaaagaagaatatagggaactggaaagcagaccgcccatccagaaagtcgtcgaggtcaaaaaagaggtagaagttcctcaatatgtccgcgtggaagtgcctgttaaggtcgagaaggtggttgaagtgccaaaatatatagacaccccccgttatatagatacccct
>gene_40406|conjugal transfer protein
atggcagccgcttttaaggaattctctgcaagagagcttgccaagagtatgcgtccttctgtaaagaaacgactgagcaaatatcaggagcagtcgcaggcacagcacaagcagcgtgaaaaggtcaaaacaaaagatcgaggtcaggaactttga
>gene_32877|Replication initiator protein A (RepA) N-terminus
atgcacattgaaaaggtcatggacggcatccgggaaaacaccacccgcgtctggaatacgaaagcgtatctcatggcggcgctgttcaattccgtttccaccatcgacaaccactacgccatgctggtcaatcatgattttcataacggcccgtaa
>gene_55598|Mobilization protein
atgggattcaagataggtgccccttccctcaaactgaataatgtaggaagaacaagcaagagttgcggagactttggagccgttgcccgtgaagccctggaagagcgtgaagggcgtgaccctgatattaacaaggacaaggcaagccagaaccgctttgcaggttacaggactgccagggagttgcaggagtacagccaagagcatatggcagggttgaaggacgcaagcggacggaaactccgtaaagatgccgttgcaatgtgtgtcacggtgttgaagccccctgcagctatgatgaacgcaatgagccacacagaccaggtgcggttccttgatgactgcttttccatattcgctgatattgtcggtgccgataatgtgaagagccgagcagaccacttcgacgaggtcggagcccacacacactgtttttgggagccgatgaccaaggacggcagactgtgtgcgaaagaagtccataacctgcaattctttggacgggttaaccgtgaactgccccagcggttgcgtgcccttggttgggatattgaagactgtgagatgtacgatgcagcgaaggagaactacgagcaggagaagaagaagagcggacggagttctgttgcgtacaaggcagaagcagaagccaagaagaacgagttggtgcaggagatcggaaagttagaagaagccttaaacgccgttgcagagcccgcaggacgcttagagacagcccaggagatagaagcaagggcagaccataaaacaacccttgtgaagcgtgtggagaccgttacactgtcccgtgaagactatgacacactcttagagggctataaacattctgccgttgtagaccttcagatagaccaggtatcaaaagagaatgacgagttacgggaacgcaatgacagactagagacccgttgtagagagttagccaataagagcgtacgagacaatagagagcttgtagagcttagaaagttcaagcagagggtaaaccaattcttaaaagagacaggcttagaaagacgctggagagagttcctagaccgtatcgaagagttagcacagagccgtgatataccatttttccgccgatag
>gene_35074|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtagaaaagtttaatgcaaagcaaaagagagcagatagaaaaattgatgattattatgccaaagttagaaaagataaaaagcttgaaccacaacgtgaatttatcatacaagttggagatattgatgactaccgaatgaccaaagatgacggttcgccaactggtctgacattagagcaaatcgaacgcaataaacagatagcaaatgacattctaaaatcgtatttcaaagagtttcaggagcgtaaccctaatttgccgatttataacgctgtaattcacaatgacgaagtaagtccgcatatgcacttgaatgtaattcctgtggcaagtggttataagcgtggtatggaaaaacaatgctcgtttaataaggcattaaaacagcaaggaattgcgtttgataaagagaataatcgtgcgttgtggaataatttcagaaatcaagaagttgagagcattgaacgcttgatgagtgagcatggttgggaacgaaaagaagttggcactaaccatatcaaagatgttcatgaatataaggctatcaaggcaaaagagagagaattaatgcaaaaagagcaacgcttagatacgctgttaaaagagtttgaaggctattcttctctactgcaagacatacgaaacatggatagtgatctgcgtgaagtgcgtgaaaatcaaatgcttggtaatagcgtcatggaaattgctaaaagtcctagatatagcacgaacggaaaacttgatgaatcagcattagagaacttgaagatgagtgaagtatcgccatttgatgatggtcgtcttgacgctgataaattctacaaagtgcatagaaatgcgatagaaagggaaattgatgagtttgaaaagatgcttgatgttgatattcgcaaagatgttccgaaagcagaatacaaacgtgtagtttcaaatgttgctgtgaatatgtatgcaaatgagctgttaaaaggcattgaaatgcttcctaagcgtttgaaacgtgatgaggatatggagagagcaaaaatcgactacgaacgcttagaaagggaaatagagcgttctaatcaacagcaagcacaaacatttgactttgatttcagctag
>gene_18021|protein RepA
atgtctaagattgaaaagaaaaaaataacattgtcaattcctgttgatactgatttaaaaattgaagaattggcaaaaaaatttggtcttacaaaatctggattggttaatcttcttgttaaccgagcttctgaaagtgggacaatttttaattaa
>gene_2305|Replicaiton initiation protein
ttgacgccgtttccccttgcggggaaagcacagatatttttttatgagccgcggcatatagggggggttgtgcgcgcccttgcgggcgcggcaaagctcggcgatcgttcccttgataataacagaaacaactgtccgatttatttcggacaaatcataaaaagggaatggcagtcaaaaaaatatatccaaaaaagacaatattatattgaaaaaagacccacaatgtggtataatgtagatgtgctaaatcaaacattactaccacaaagggggtctatctctatgccaattatagcacagcatttacaaattgtcaacgacactgaaaagaaaaaagaatggagtgaaagaaaatctcagtcaagatcacttgcggcaagattgtatcacatggggtacaaagacagagccgcgagaatgatgtcatgcggtgattacatcataacacacaaatgcccttcgtgcggagcagtggagatcacaacggataatctctgtcgagatcgaatctgccctatgtgtgcttggcggcttgctcgcaagcgttattccgaaatgtgccgaacgatagaaattatgactcccgcaatgatcgaaaacggagtcaatgcgtcgatgttgactctcactgttcgtaattgcaaactttcaaacctcaatgcaacaataaacgccatgtcaagagcgtggcataatctttcaaagcgggtaggaatgaaacgtgttatcgggtgggcgcgaaatcttgagatcacatttaatgaaaaaacgagagaagcacacccgcatttccatattctgttgttatggcatggcaaaactgatgtctccgtagagttctacaattatataaaaaatgaatggtcatcggcgatgtcgttggattactcggcgataatagatcatcgagaagcgtataaaatggaagtggacgggacacgaagaacaatagatattgcgtccgatgacttcaaagaaatcattcttgagtgtagcaaatattcaatgaaatcatcgtcaattccgaaaatgacaaatgacgaacttcatgtttatatcatggcgatcaagggcgttcgcttcgtttcgtacgggaaagagatc
>gene_42037|Replication associated protein
atgggtttgcctgcttcatttcgaactgttgaagttacacagcaactaaaatatggctttactgtagactatgttcagaaacttgtatctacatggcaagtagtcaaggattatgcatatatagtccatgataaagacgatgccgaaccgcatattcatttgatgttacggtttaacactgctgtccccacaaagaatataaccgcaaagtttcaaggggtatgcgaactgaaccatctgcagaagatgtacaagtggaacagtgcaatcgcatatttgacacactcgaacgctccggaaaaacataggtatgcagacgaggaagttatcagtaattacgactggcggtcagatcgtgataacgctctgaccgacaaagtgcagatgcagaatatactgcaagatattgaaaatgataaatgcagaggttataatttaaccgaattctgctcgatggaattttatgtgcgacacaaaaagcagatagacaccgcatttgagtatcatcggaaaaaattagaacttgagagggtagacagaaccatgaatgtattatacttaacaggtgcaagcggtacaggcaagacaacatatgcgaaaatgttttgcaggggtaagggatggtcttttttcgtttcttcatcctctaatgatgttctggacggttacgaggggcaagactgtattatactggatgactttagaccgtctgactggaaaatgtccgacttgctgaagtttttggataataataccacttcgagagcaaagtccagatacagtaataaatcaatggtttattgtaagtgtatcatcattacatctgtactgtctgtggatgaattgtatacaggacttaaagaacatgatacagaacctattaaacagcttaaacgccgtatagcaggtattatgaagtttacacacgaagatattacagcaatagcatatgaccctgatacaggtgattttgatgatacatttgctactgtttgtatgaatccatgttccagagagttcaagcgaattacacaacaaaagttcaatgattttataggcggtgatttcaagcctgctcctatcggttctgatgaagatgtaccgttttag
>gene_37641|Initiator RepB protein
atggctactaaaaagccgaagaatgaggaaataaaggaaaatctcaacccgaaatattgggtgcagaagtctgatcctcttgttcttatgcactccgtaccattctctcttggcgaattgaaaatacttgacacttacatcagccgtatcaatgcagcagatgatacacgacgtacagtaatctttaccaaagaggaatatgagggacttatgggattgaccgaagccaacacaaaggcattagaaaaaaacacaaaaggcttgcttggaaagatagttaccctcgaaatgccaaacaaatcctttttgaattttgttttatttacaaaagcctattatcacaaggatgaatatggcaagccaattatcgagctgacttgttctcccgaagcaaaagacctattcttctgcattggtaaatatcattacttcaagtatgccctcgaaaatgtaattaatttgactcgaaaagcaagttatttgctgtatcttcatattctcactaatcgctttaggggagaatgggacgtattacttgacgagcttcgtgacgatattcttgactgcagggggcaagtgtcttaccaagcttttaaagaatttaagagagctgtgcttgaccctgccgttaaagaggtcaacaagaaaacagattgtcacttcgagtatgaagctgtgaaacgtgggcgcagagtagcaaaaatcaagtttttatatcattcccgtgatgaattcgataataatcagcttgcgttcgatgagctgccgactgctaccgataaagaagctccagacctcgaagagcagatgatagagaaatacggcactgaacagctcgagcagcttgccgaaagttgccgatttgagttttcacgggaacaaatggaagaaattttctccattcttaaccgaatagatgttccactcgataagaataccaatgaccttcactggggacgtgtatcatatcttcgtgagaagtatgctgctttgaacgtggaagatagtcggaagaaagcaagcggaatgtccataaaaaaccgctatgcgtattttaagaaaatactcgaaaaggacacatcaacccctgcagcttacggtacgaaataa
>gene_50222|Mob-like protein
atgtccaaactggcatgtcacggacacaattttaaaaaaggctcggtgggaggaatggacaggcataaccgaagactgggcgaaaaacactcaaacaaagaaatagacaactcccgttcccacctcaacctgacatacaaacacacacacaacctctatcaggattgtaaggcggaagtggaacgagtcaaggcaaacggcggtcgactccgttctgaccaaaactgggtgaccgagtttgttacatatgctccgcaggaacctatgccacaggaagaatacaagagatattttcaggtggtctacgattttttcagagagagaattggagatgaaaatatcaaactggctgtggtgcacatggatgagaggactccacatatgcaccttgatttcatgcccttagtccgtgatgaacatggggaaccctttaaattatcttccaaggaagtcattagacgaggttttttgtatggcattcaggaggatttgcctaaggtacttcaggcacacggttttaacattcagaggggtgataaggtaaccgtggaagatagaccccttaaagggcgtcctgcctataaatacaaggcagacatggagagggaaaaactaaaactccaacaggacattcaaaaactcaaggcactcgacaaggaacttaccgacggagtacgtcaaggatatgaatacgttgaggcatgtgacaaggctcgtgaggactacccccgtatgagggctgaaatcggcaaattagaagaaaagaaaggggaattggagaattccgtcaaaaacctcgaaaatcggcttacagaggcaagtaaccaacttctaggggtacttgacacactggaattaatgcaaaatcagaaatctactctatcaacccaacttgataacctcgaaagaggcgttaagaatatcatttccctgcgagacgagctcgccgatttacttaatcgtaaggcacacggtatgggtatcggatttaagcaaacaaccgacggttatgtccttgacataaaaagacacatccaaaagaccagggacaccctccaaaaaatgcctggggcaccaaaacggaaaagagacaacgattcgagataa
>gene_20894|Putative replication initiator protein
gtgagtgacaagagccgccgaaacgctgagctggtgatatatcccgagcagctcgcaaaagcgctggaagtcctcgagagcggatacgtaaagaattgggcgtggattctacacgacaaagacaaattaacggacggttctccgaaggctccgcatatccatctgatgtgcgcgtgggcaaagccaacgaaggattcggtaatcgcaaacaggtttgggatacggtcgaaccaaatcgaaaacatcaagggtacgtgggcggatgcgctggactacctgacccacgcgaacgcaccgacgaagtaccagtatgacgcgagcgaggtgcattcgaatttcgattgggcggaagctgccaaggagtcgaatagcagagcgaatgcgagaataaaggagttgatagaccgcataggtacgggagaggtgcgagagtacaacctgaccgaatacatcagcgtggatgactacgtgaagtacaagccgcaggtagaccgcgcgtttgcgtggcgcaggggatacgtacacggccacctagaggagctggtggagatgaaaaacatcgtgtggatatacggccagacggggacgggaaaaacgacgctggcaaagagccttgcgaagtcggcgcggctggtggctgcgataacgagcacggggcggcacatgtttgacgagtaccgcgatgagccgtgcctgataatcgacgacctacggcccgacgatatgaagttctccgacctgctaggggtgctcgacccgtacaacttcaaggcggcgcaggcgaggtatcagaataaggccctgcaaacgcagatggtgatagtcacaacgacgttgagtccagaagagttttgcaggcgctgcaacggtgacggcctgagcgctgaggatgcgcggcagctgttccgacggctcaacacggtttgcgagctgacgaaagacgaaatgctttcctacgagtacgaggtagacgagggcggcgcgtacagcaggagcctagacgagcggatgccgaacgtatggctgatagcagcgaggaacaagcagaagagcagcaacaagagcctgtttgcggctgctgctgagtcggctatgggtcttgcgtga
>gene_14754|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
ttcaaacattttgaacgtacgaaggaactaaacaaagaaaccggcgagtatgaatacgtccgttttcacaatcaaaaaatcgacccatcaagaacgcatttgaattataatcttgctccaacgagatataacgaagatggttctgaaatgtcgcaaatggaatttttgcataagcgactgcacgataaagacgtgtattttcgaaatcgaaaagacacgaatgtaatgtgcagttgcgttgttaccaaaccaaaagatttaccggatgaagaatcagaccgtttttttgctacaacttacaaagctttagaaaaacgttacggaacagaaaacataatttctgcatacgtacatgcagacgaaactgaaagacacattcactttgctatcgtgcctgttgtgtatgatgtgaaaaaagaacgtttcactgtttctgcaaaattaaaaattagcaggacagaccttcaaggtttacatccatatcttacgcaagaattaaaaaaagaatttggttacgacgttggtatcgaaaacggtgcaaccaaagaaggtaatcttacgatagaccaactcaaagcgcagacggaacgtgccgagcatctgcagaaagaaaacgatatgttaaaaagcaaaaatcttggtttacaagaaactaatgaatggttagagattgaaatgcaagacaaaagaaaaacaatcaaacaattagaagatgcttgtccgattaagtcagacgaagatttagaaaaaattaagtctgaagcaactgcagagattttagagttatcccatctctttgatgaagttgattgtatcgtagaagaacttgaagaagaaatgaaacttccaatatcagaacgtgtaaatccattagtcaaagagttgctgtttgcttggaagaattgtttagaccgattccatcaacttgtgtctgatattcgagaaaaaatcaataacattgatttgtttgagaaaattaggcacataccagaaaaacttagaacttcaagtagtcttgcagataaattaaagtctgcagagacagaagcagaacaaaacaatcaaaatattcagaatgttcttgaaaaaacagaaaaatcgttgtaa
>gene_6998|Replication-associated protein VP4
atgcaatgttataaaccgcttatcagacgagaagatacctacaagtggaaaactgccaaagatgggcacaagttccacgacttcactgtatttagcagtgacagactagaggactacctaaaaaatcacccattaggtagataccgatacgaccaaataccatgtggacgctgcataggatgcagacttgacaaaagccgcgactgggcgaacagaggatatttggaagcatctatgtatccagataaaaactggtttgtaacactgacgtatgacgacaagttcctaacaacaccggaaagcgtaacaacaacaaacgatattacctacaccgaattggacgatctcgaatggaagggaaccttagttccagcagagctaaagcaattcatgaaaaactttagacaaattatgaaacgagaatacaaccaagacggaatccggttcatggcctgcggagaatacggagaagaaggaagaagaccacactaccatctgatcatatttaacgcagaccttccgattgaatcattttacgcaccacatgtcaactttcaaaaagacacaagctggaaaaacaccataatcgaaagagcatggggacgagatgacaaaaaacacaaggaggcaaaaggaatttgcgacatatcagaagcaaactggaacaatatcgcttacacagcacgctacattacaaagaaacagtatggaaaagaagccgaagacttctacgcagcgcaaggggaagaaatagagttcttcagaacgagcaacggtggaggagtcaaggatccggaaaaaaatcctggaggaattgggaaaccatactacgacttacacaaggacgaaatctacaagatagataaaatcctaatacgcaacaaaaaaggttctcactgggtaacaccaccaaagtattttgatgacttatacgaacgagaatgcccagaaaagttcgaagaaatcaaaaaacaacggagaaagaaagcagccgaacaagctctcataaaggctgaaacaacaagcttaaccatgtgggaacaactccaaatagaacaagccacgaaagaagatgctgctctagctctaaaacgtaacttagtttga
>gene_55896|MobA/MobL protein
atggcgatctaccacctcagcgtgaaagcgatatcccggtcggccggtcgcagtgcgaccgctgccgccgcgtatcgggctggagtggaaatcaccgatacgaggactggcgagatacacgactacacgcgcaagcgcggtatcgtttctgccgacctcgtattgccggccggcgctccagattgggccaccgacagggcggctctctggaacgcggccgagcacgccgagcgccgcaaggatgcttgcgtggcgcgcgagtacgaagtcgccttgccggccgaactgtcggccggcgcgcgccaccagctcgcgctcgacttcgcccaggagatggctgaccgtgaaggctgcgccgtcgatgtcgccattcacgagccaagcaagggcggcgacaaccgcaaccaccatgcccacatcctgcggacgacgcgcaaggtcgaggccgaagggatgggtgcgaagctggacaccgagaaggccggccgcaaccgggcggccgacctggaggccgtgcgcgccaggtgggccgagctgaccaatgagcgcctacgccaacacggcatcgaggtcactgtcgatcatcgcagcttgaaagcccaaggcattgaccgtgagccgacccagcacctcggaccgaccgccacggccatcgagcggcgcacc
>gene_20343|MobA/MobL protein (Fragment)
atggcgatttaccacctcagcgttaaagcgatatcccggtcggccggtcgcagtgcgaccgccgccgccgcctatcgcgctggggtagaaatcgccgatacgaggactggcgaagtccacgactacacgcgcaaacgcggtatcgtttccgccgacctcgtattgccggccggcgctccagaatgggccgccgacaggtcggctctctggaacgcggccgagcacgccgagcgtcgcaaggatgcttgcgtagcgcgcgagtacgaagtcgccctgccgtccgagctgccggccgacgcacgccgccagcttgccgtcgcctttgcaaaggagctggccgaccgcgagggctgcgccgtcgatgtctgcatccacgaaccgagcaagggcggcgacaaccgcaaccaccacgcccacatcatgcggaccacccgcaaggtcgaggccgaagggctgggcgcgaaactagacaccgagaaggccggccgcaaccggaccgccgacctagaggccgtgcgcgccaggtgggccgagctgaccaacgagcacctacgccagcatggcatcgagaccaccgtcgatcatcgcagcctcaaggcccagggcatcgaccgcgagccgacccagcacctcggaccgaccgccacggccatcgagcggcgcaccggccaggccagccggaagcggcaggacttcgaccaggacgtggccgagcgcctgacccaagccaagaaggccggcgagctggagaggctaggccaagttctcgagcggtcgattctcgacctatcgggcgacatcgaagcggccaagaatcagcgcatccaggaacaggccgcagaactgcataaacgggccttggagcgttcggaggctgaaatggggcatcggtacgcccaggctctcgaaagcgtcaccacggagacgctagtcaccgtgccgggcctgttgccggcccaggcgatcaagcgcgcgttgcaccaggtcggaaaggaagtgcaggtcgaggctgaccaggtgcgtcctgtctacgtagacacggtccggcgccaagtgctggctcaaccaggtatgcagcagcggctgacccacgccgcggagcaggaagcgcacggccaggccatcctggcggagatcgcgggcatgggcggcatcaagcggttcatgtacgacaccaaggggatgaccgaggacgcgcacatgctgctggcggccgccaagctcgaacgcatccaggtcggtaacgccgtcgagctgtcgcccgaggttcaggccgcattgaaggccgacgaactggcggcacaggcgcgccggcagacggtcgtgatggtaaaggagctggaccaggtgcttacccgcaccgaacggggtttggctccctgggagcggccggagcacatctaccgggtgccggaaaccgttacccgcgttgtcgatcgggcgcgcgcgatcgcgccggcatcgctgcagggcctgcaggctgcggaggtcgagaggatgacggccaaggccgtcgatgtggcgtggaagatgccggcgagccagcgtgaattcgatgtgcgcgtgtcgcgctttgtgctgccggccgtggatcgccgtcagcagcaggacagggagcaggctcgggaaaagcagcaggggcctagtatgtcgcgatag
>gene_26578|Putative replication initiation protein
ttgattgagagtaaaaaaaatagccatatcttgttggcgcaagatacggctggtgtcttttcagactttggtgtcggtagtcaattttctgtggaagattataccacaaaggattgcgtttgtcaagattatacagagatatctgagattgaaaaaaagttcttgccaaagcgcaaacaggcagaattattgtctgcttcttttcttcgtttagattatgacaagcgttcagagcgcgtctctgattgtggtacttttttagaattcgctcacgctattgatagcaacggctccatatctgataaaggtaaattacataacgctaacttttgccgtgatagactttgccctatgtgttcttggagaaggtcatataagatattttcgcaagtctctcaaattatgaatattattaaaaacgattatgcttttatttttcttactttgaccgttccgaatgtagtaggttcagacctctcctctgctattgatgagttaggtgctggatggaaaaaattgatgaaacataagaaggtcaagaagattgttaaaggttttttcaaggctttggagattacacgtaattctttaagagacgattatcatccgcattttcactcagttttggctgttcctaagtcttatttcaaaagtcgtgattatttaagtcgtgatgaatggctctctatatggcaagagtgtatgaatgatacttcgatatcacaagttgatattagaagggcaagagataaacactcaaaagatgaggttaaggcttccgaagaccttgcttctgcagttgctgagattgctaagtatgccgtcaaatctgctgactatatcattgaaggcgatatactctcaacggataaggtagtatcactttatgcaaatgttttacacggtcggcgcctttgctcttttgaccgcaacggtgcttttggtcaagcacgtgcaaagttaaaacttgatgaccccgaagacggggatctgattcacattgatgatgacaagatagaccctgcggttgctctgcttatagttcgctatgggtggtctgcaggtgtttattcaatgacacatagttatattaaacaaggagattga
>gene_38004|Replication protein
ctagatattgaaatgtggcatgcagttagaaaacagaaaaaacaaggtgaactacttgttgctgttgcagaagatcaaacactaaaaaaacctatggaattaataaggcaatgcttagttgatcaaggggttttagggtctccctaa
>gene_27086|Plasmid replication protein
tgcaagtcgttctaccgtctcgtgaactatgcgcgaacctaccgcaccgactggtttagagtcctcaactcaagtcgaaccatcttcatggttcactggcttaagtcgctcgagtgggaaatcaactccggcaatgagttggagtag
>gene_26611|Site-specific recombinases DNA invertase Pin homologs
gtgtatcgggatgagggcttttcgggggcagggctgaagcgtcctgccatgcagcagcttttgcgggatatccgtgggggctgtatttcctgcgtggtttgctatcgcctggatcgcatcagccgcaatgtcagtgattttacggcactgatggaggaattctcccgttaccatgtcagctttttatgcgctgcggaatcctttgatacccgacagcccatggggcgtgccatgctgtacatggcatcggtatttgcacaactggaacgggaaaccatcggggaacgggtacgggataatatgtacacgctggctgccgatggccgctggcttggggggaagccgccctttggttatgggctgcggcggacatcaccgccctatgcccgtactgctctggtggcggatgcagagacctttcccttggtgcagcagttgtttgcggcggtgctgcggcgtggggagcttgcagatgccgaacaactgggggcagctctgtctgaaacggcaggatgtactgtcaaccgacggtttttgcgccgattgtttaccaatcccgtatatgccgccgccgatgctgcggctggggaagccctgctccgacagggttatgaggtgttattccccatgcaggcgcattgcgacagaggaatcatggtatatggcaggcaccccaatcgtcctcgtgcagaaaacctgatctctgcggcagcaggtacacatcctgcggtatgcagcggcagggattggtctgcgctttcggatctgctgcggcgatctctgccccaaagccgacagcctgtgggcattctcaacgggattttgcaatgtcatctgtgcggcggccccatggaatgcaaacggcgcagcggcagagagggacagtttgattacatctgccgcaccaaaaacagaagccatggctgccgttgcggtaatctggtgggggctttggcagatgatgcggtatggacacatctggcaaagcaaagcgggatctcgcctgtacagccgtatccctttgcattgcagcgttcgctggctgctttgctgatccagcaggcaagctgggacggagagaccctgcatatgctgctgcgccgatga
>gene_50650|Mobilization protein MobM
atgcatgtgttcaaggtaaacaaggcgagctggaagaacattgtggcagaggcgttacggtctcgggatttcacacatacggaaagcaatatagaccccagtaaaacgcatctgaatgtgaatataggcgagtgtatgaccccagagcagatacagaccgttctaggggataaggcaaagcgtaaagatgcggtgtgtctgctgtctactattctcacgataccggaagaggggaaatactggtctcggaataaacaaatccagtatttcaaggatatgctaccgtatattgcgaaagtgataggcgggcagatggcatatgctacgatacactttgacgaaacgaccccgcatatgcatgtgggtattattccgcttactagagacggcagattatgtgcaagggaaatctgcaataggaatatgcttaaagcgttgcacccgaccgtagatacggtgtcgtatgaaaagtacggtgctcatgtattcgaggtagacgaggaaacacgccagatacaacatgatttgggtctgagcaaggataccatgcaccagtacaggaagaaagagtacaaaaatcagattctcggtgaggctatgcagacgattgataaagcactggaagcggtgcaaagtgatttcgtccgtacaagccacccagtacgccgtaaaaagggcgaggataagcaagaatacaaagaacgtagaaaagagtatatcgaggtaagaaaagacgtctatgaggctctgacgagcttccagatgcaatataatactatccccgataaggtacgctctgaagaactgcgttcggattctttgcaaaaagagattgaaatgcaagcggaacagaagcagatgcgtgaggctatccagagacatagggcagaaatgcagagacagcaagccgagatggatagaattgtaaatgagcgtgcagaggctaaattccgaaaagccatggaaagaaagtccgatgattataccaagagactggaagagcattgtaagcaattcggtgttgacggaaaatcggtgcttgatttattccaagagcaagaaagacagctacattccagagtaatgagccgaggctttgacagatag
>gene_327|Replication protein
atggcagggaagaaaatagaaccaataactaacttaggaaaagaaaacaaacttgttgttcaaaaaagtttacctttatttgcactttggcgttcggatctgactctttcggagttcaaaatactagacacctaccttgcgagaatagacagtcaccaaccgaataaaagagccataatatttgaaaagggagaacttgaagaaaagctcggtgtaaaaagaataactcgtcagcaactcgaagaaagattaaaacaccttatgggaaatgttgtaaaaataccggacgaaagtgaaaagaaaggttttagacttataactctttttgaagaagctgttgctgaacaagacgaatatgggttgtggcaggtaaaactagaatgtactcaaaaagctatgaaatacatttttaatatcgaaaacctaggatatttaagatacaagcttcgctgtataacctctattacaagccgatacacttacataatgtttatatatctcgaagctaatcgttttagaaaaacttgggaaatttctattgatgaacttaaagaaatcctaaactgctccaaagaagaaatatacaaagaatataagttttttaatcaaaaaatactaaagcgagtgcaaaaagagatgcacgaaaaaaccgaatgtaaatacacttatgaaccaataaaaaaaggtcgaacagttgttggtataagatttactgtagaaacactttcgagtgcgaaccttgaaaagtcagaagatgatccgaaccaaatgacaatgcaagaatggtttgaagcgaatgatatggatatgtacgatcatatcgaggtgccaatcgaaaaaggaaagtggcaaggagtagctgataatcttgtcgagatttacgaagctattgatatgatactcataagaaatggcattgaatttgataagtccgaagtagagagagtgtataatcagctatgcttatcatttacctatagcgatactgatgagaagttggacgagctgggttcagctatactgaaaatgagaagctatgatagtaaaaatcctatccgaaataagtgtagttatcttcttaaaatgctagaaagcgaaagagagtaa
>gene_40823|Replication associated protein
gtgtcttttccaaattcttttagaactattgaagtaatgcaacaaactaaatatggctttacgaaagactatgtacagaaccttgtttctgaatggtcagtagtaaaagactatgcttacattctgcacgacaaagaggacaaggaaccgcatatacatttaatgctccgatttaattcggcagtcccgacaaagaacattctttcaaaattgagcggtgtctgtgaagttcagcacctgcagaagatgacaaaatggaacagtgctattgcatatcttactcactcaaatgcacccgataaacatctgtattcagatgatgaagtcatatcaaattttgaatggcaggctgaccgagacaaagcaatgtctgataagtttcaaatggaaacattgctaactgctattgcaagtgatgaatgtaggggttataatcttacagaatactgcacaatggacttttacgtaaaacacaaaaaacaaattgattgtgcttttgaataccatagaaaaaaattagaattagagagggtggacaggtctatgaacgttctttattttacaggtgcaagcggtacaggaaaaacgacttttgctaaaatgttttgccgtacaaaaggttggtcattcttcatttcaagttcctcaaatgatgtacttgacggctatgacggtcaagactgtgtcatattagacgatttccgcccgtctgactggaaaatgtccgacttgcttaagttcctcgataacaacactacaagccgtgcaaaagctcgctacagtaataaatcaatggtttattgcaaatgcattataattacttctgtgctgtctatagatgatttatatacaggtttgcaggagcacgactccgagcctataaaacagctcaaacgtcgtattatgggtataatgtcatttactcacgaaaacataactgcttattcttatgaccctgatacagaagattttgactatgaatttggttctgtttctatgaaccctgtttca
>gene_44274|Replication associated protein
gtgtcttttccaaattcttttagaactattgaagtaatgcaacaaactaaatatggctttacgaaagactatgtacagaaccttgtttctgaatggtcagtagtaaaagactatgcttacattctgcacgacaaagaggacaaggaaccgcatatacatttaatgctccgatttaattcggcagtcccgacaaagaacattctttcaaaattgagcggtgtctgtgaagttcagcacctgcagaagatgacaaaatggaacagtgctattgcatatcttactcactcaaatgcacccgataaacatctgtattcagatgatgaagtcatatcaaattttgaatggcaggctgaccgagacaaagcaatgtctgataagtttcaaatggaaacattgctaactgctattgcaagtgatgaatgtaggggttataatcttacagaatactgcacaatggacttttacgtaaaacacaaaaaacaaattgattgtgcttttgaataccatagaaaaaaattagaattagagagggtggacaggtctatgaacgttctttattttacaggtgcaagcggtacaggaaaaacgacttttgctaaaatgttttgccgtacaaaaggttggtcattcttcatttcaagttcctcaaatgatgtacttgacggctatgacggtcaagactgtgtcatattagacgatttccgcccgtctgactggaaaatgtccgacttgcttaagttcctcgataacaacactacaagccgtgcaaaagctcgctacagtaataaatcaatggtttattgcaaatgcattataattacttctgtgctgtctatagatgatttatatacaggtttgcaggagcacgactccgagcctataaaacagctcaaacgtcgtattatgggtataatgtcatttactcacgaaaacataactgcttattcttatgaccctgatacagaagattttgactatgaatttggttctgtttctatgaaccctgtttcatcagaattcaaacgcatacaaagacaaaagttaaatgactttctcggtggtggtttcaagcctatgcctgtagaccttgcagacggtccgttttaa
>gene_342|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgagctacggaattgttcgagttcagaagatgagttcggggagcgtgaaggggattcagattcacgacaaaagggagaaagaccactcccacacgaaccccgatatagacttctctcggtcgaaagaaaactatgacctttgcccgaagcaaaacgagaacttcacgaaagcggtaaaggaaagaatagaccagctcgatttgaaacgagctgtgagaaaggacgctgttgtaatggcacagataatcgtgacctctgacagcgactttttcgataggctgtatttttccgattgtgacgagctggcttctgccagccatgacgcatatatcggaatgggcttcacgccgatgaaaagggtagagccgaaggacacaaggcggcagttctttgaggacgcatacaagtttctgtcggacagatacggggcagagaatgtaatatctgctaccgttcacatggacgagagaacgccgcatatgcacttcaatttcgttccggtgacgagggacggaaggctgtccgcgaaggatgtacttacgaagacacagctcatagatcagcagacagctttctatgagcaagtcggagtgaagtacggactggaacgcggagaacggaaggacagcggcaagcggcggcttcatcttgaaactgcggagtacaaagaagccgttgcgctggagaacgaagcgaaggacagacagtttgaagcggaaatggcggcaagcagagccgaacagaaggcgtcagaagccgttttaagggcagagaaggcacaacaggctataattccccttgcggagcaaaagaacgccttacagggcgaaatagaagccttacaggacgaagtacaggagcttcaggacgagcggaaggcgttgcggtctgcaatagattccctgtccgatgaagcggctgggcggttcaccagggaaagcattgccgttcagattgagaaggcaaaggcgaaggctgaaaaggaaaatcggctgtccctgctggaacgctttgtgagccttccgcagataaagcccctctttgataaattctgtgagctgatgaagacacgccacaaggacaggaacggacgggaagaacgctga
>gene_42095|Replication protein
atgacaaaaaagaaaaaagtcactgctggtgacagtgactttaacgatcttcagatagataagatctcttatacgcaaattgattttatcaaatctgaagaattattacaacaagaacttacacaaaaatttacaccaaaaaagttaagttctgtaaaactttctgagttttacgatcaattacaacttgaaagtcaatgtgatgaatacggtgttataaaacgtgaaacacaagaaacattcaagtgggaacggaaagcatcaagagtttatagttgtggtacatatcttgaattcaaattgaagtctgataaatacaaactttcatatgctaacttttgtaaagatcgcctatgtccaatgtgtaattggcgcagatctttgaaaatcttctcccagttgtcacaagtattgaaaacaattaaacatgaccagcaatataaaactgtccagttcttgtttttgacacttaccgtaaaaaattgtggagcctctaatttatcaaaattgattgatacgatctatgacggctggaagaagatttataataaaaatagacttttcactaaaaaaattgtactgggtacatttaagtctttagaaattacacgaaataaaaaaacaagtgaatatcacccacacttgcatattcttcttgcagtttccaacgattattttgctgacggaaattatatgacacaaaaagattggtctgatctttggaaaaagtcgattgatgtagattataaccctgtggtctatataactaaagttcgcagaaataaaaccagcgatcagatcgctgataatggtactgatgaagttgatataagtgaactttacaattctggtttagttgaagtttcaaagtatatggctaaagatagtgattacttgattgataccagtactgtaagattatttgctgaagttttagagggcagacgtctttgttcttataccggcttattgaaaacaattaaaagtcagttaaatcttgatgatgcagaagatggagatctgacacacattgataatgatttagacaatgatgtagttacagctgtaaagaaattacactggaaattcggtgtttactgctcctga
>gene_56022|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
aacaaggacttcgcatggtcgagctggggaagtaatcacaagtatgctaaattcgatgctaaaattattattgcagaatctgaacaggaagaactgacagatgtttctgcggaaaaaatgaaagcgattaatatcaaaaaataa
>gene_14002|Mob421 protein
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagcgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtccggaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaagaacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaagg
>gene_20533|Mobilization domain protein
gcattcaaagccgagaatgacaaggagtattatagacaacaaatggacaacgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgattaaggacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaaggcatcatttcccaaacatatcaaaagctatggaagaggggaaagacctactcaagcaaatcaccagaagcagaggtttcggtatgggtatgtaa
>gene_38048|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagcgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtccggaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaaga
>gene_1312|Mob421 protein
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagcgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtccggaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaagaacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaagg
>gene_48099|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagtgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtcccgaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggaaagtgcgaaacaaagatatctcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcaggctaaagccgcacccatacgagagggagtaatagtaatcaaacaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcagtttgccacggtctgcaaagaacgtttcggtatcgaagcatttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcatgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaatgggaaaagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaaacactgggcatggaacgtggcgtttcttctgaccgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatcaaacgatatatccagtgcattagacaaacacaaggacgtacaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaagaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgattggaaaaacagtcaacgatagggaaaaggatgccttaaaagccaaagtaaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcaaaacggcacaaaggcattcaaagccgagaatgacaaggagtattatagacaacaaatggacaacgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgattaaggacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaaggcatcatttcccaaacatatcaaaagctatggaagaggggaaagacctactcaagcaaatcaccagaagcagaggtttcggt
>gene_18765|Mob421 protein
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagtgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtcccgaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggaaagtgcgaaacaaagatatctcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcaggctaaagccgcacccatacgagagggagtaatagtaatcaaacaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcagtttgccacggtctgcaaagaacgtttcggtatcgaagcatttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcatgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaatgggaaaagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaaacactgggcatggaacgtggcgtttcttctgaccgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatcaaacgatatatccagtgcattagacaaacacaaggacgtacaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaagaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgattggaaaaacagtcaacgatagggaaaaggatgccttaaaagccaaagtaaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcaaaacggcacaaaggcattcaaagccgagaatgacaaggagtattatagacaacaaatggacaacgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgattaagg
>gene_51593|Mob421 protein
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagtgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtcccgaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaagaacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaagg
>gene_20531|Mob421 protein
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagtgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtcccgaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggaaagtgcgaaacaaagatatctcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcaggctaaagccgcacccatacgagagggagtaatagtaatcaaacaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcagtttgccacggtctgcaaagaacgtttcggtatcgaagcatttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcatgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaatgggaaaagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaaacactgggcatggaacgtggcgtttcttctgaccgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatcaaacgatatatccagtgcattagacaaacacaaggacgtacaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaagaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgattggaaaaacagtcaacgatagggaaaaggatgccttaaaagccaaagtaaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcaaaacggcaca
>gene_17897|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggagcaacaagtattcatgtacaagcagtgaagccggggagcgagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtccggaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaagaacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaaggcatcatttcccaaacatatcaaaagctatggaagaggggaaagacctactcaagcaaatcaccagaagcagaggtttcggtatgggtatgtaa
>gene_31834|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gagattcacaactttagggaaaaagagttggactatgttcgtccggaacttagtcatttgaatgaaagctgggttggagatagcatctcccatcggctggagagtgcgaaacagagatatttcgatacggttgggcagaagatgcagactaaagcagcacccatacgggagggggtaatagtaatcaagcaagaaaccaccatgcaggaactccagcaattcgctgcggtctgcaaggaacgtttcggtattgaagcgtttcaaatccatatacacaaggacgaaggatacatgaacgcaaagcaatggacacctaaccttcacgcccatgtagttttcgattggacgcagccgaacgggaagagtgtgcgtttatcgcgtgatgacatggcagaactccaaaccatagcatctgaagcactgggcatggaacgtggtgtttcttctgatcgcaaacacttatcggctatgcagtacaagaccgaatgtgcgaaagaacagcttcaggaactatccaacgatatatccagtgcgttagacaagcacaaggacgtgcaaaaccagcttcttcagcttcagaaagaactacgttccattgaaacaaagaaaaacgtccaaaaactcatttctaaggcttcagagaagttttacggcttgatagggaaaacggttaacgatagggaaaaagataccttaaaagccaaaataaaggctttagagggggaaaatgaacagctatccgatagactgggaaaggctatacttgaaaaagagcgaaacggcacaaaggtattcaaagccgagaacgacaaggagtattatagacagcaaatggacaatgcaaggacaaccagtaaccgactaagaacggagaaccaagaactaaagaccgaaaccaaggaattgaaaaaagaacttggtaagatgaaagacttgttcaattccgaacaactggaggctttaaggcatcatttcccaaacatatcaaaagctatggaagaggggaaagacctactcaagcaaatcaccagaagcagaggtttcggtatgggtatgtaa
>gene_39982|Initiator Replication family protein (Fragment)
atgacctcaatccagaaagcaaatgcaccaccacgaggaacagccgatatgttggtagtcaaagataatgcgttaattaacgccagttataatttagagttagtcgaacaaagattgattttattagcaattattgaagca
>gene_32269|Replication protein
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_18827|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_34336|Replication initiation protein REP
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttc
>gene_52944|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatcccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_21997|Replication protein
gtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_35703|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_32904|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaa
>gene_75|Replication protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttc
>gene_36906|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactgg
>gene_43844|Replication protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgc
>gene_18266|Rep protein
atgagtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggtttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgc
>gene_53946|Replication protein
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagcttgggcgcaacctcgcgctctgcgggtattacctgctgtttcgggattactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggctgcatgccgcgaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgatccggcgtggcgctcgcatggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_43847|Rep
atggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_78|Rep
atggtcaagtcgtacatggatcgtctcgcggtcatcaaagccgagaatccgcatctcaacgcctacttggtcaccttcactgtcaaggatggttctgacctggctgaacgctttgatcatctgcatcggagcatcggacgcttgcataagactcgccacggtaagggccaatggtctgaggctcgcaaggcttcggcggcggtgtggtcctatgagttcaagcgagggcagggcagcggtggctggcatccgcacacacatgcggtttggctctgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagctgcgtgccgagtgggaagccattaccggcgattcgttcatggtcgacgttcggccgtttcacgatcaggacgacgtcctcaacggcttcctcgaggttttcaagtacgcggtcaagtttgcggacctttcgctcgatgacgcttggcacggctatcagacgctttccgggcgtcggctgatcgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgtggcgtcgatgtgcctgatgacttgaccgatgaaggtctcgatgatctgccttatgttgagctgctctatcgctttgttcgaggggctggttacgagttttcggagtcggggccaagcgcggagcgcgaacggccagagccgcctaaaacgctcgtagagcgcgttttgcctcgcgcacgtagtgcggcgacaaccgaccagaaaaaaccgcactggaagcctgccatagagccggagaggtatcgacgcgccaaaggcagcgactag
>gene_57199|MobA/MobL family
gtgtgtgaagggcgtgagttaattattaaaatgcaaaacgatctatctcgttttaactctcaagagcttgctcttgctttacgtaatgatttttctgaaaaatataaagtcccttgcgctgttgcaattcattggaataccgctgaaaacaattatcacgcgcatctgattttttcagaacgttctatttaccgggaaaagcaaggcgaaagtatcgccaccagaaatacttacttcgatgctgatggtaaacgcagcacaaagaaagaatgtctggatgagctcggcaaccttaaggaaggatgcaggtttgttaagaagggcgaggcgctttctgaaggaagccgttttggacctaagaaaaacatctttgctcaagaagaatggatgcgccaggaaaaagaacgattggttaattttataaataaaaatacaaaaagcgaaaaatggcaggtttacgattggaaaacaaatccacatttaccttacattcgtatcaataaaggtgagcctgcaggtttaaccgcctggaaacagcgtgaaaatgaccgtagaagagattttaacgaaagcatagacaaactattaatctctggtgaaatcacgccagaacaggccttaaaactcaaatttgagtatgttagacgtagcagagaattaaaagaacaaagaaaagatgcaaaagaacaatggattaaggattggggaaattacaaaagcagacaaagcgctgaatgggaatatacaaaaagccttcgccgtaaatccacgttggttcttgtatgtgaattggccttaatgatggccggggttgatatggttaaattaaaaaccggcattgagaaaacagcgccatcaggaagaaccataaaagtatatccggataaacgtgttcaggaaatgattgatgatatgtatgttgctgcaggaaagaaaactccttcagaactcgccttaattcgtaaagctgaaaggcttacccgtcaacaagacggtgatttaaaatcgcttgtaaatgtggccgagaaaaacaaagaagaatataaaaaacaaaataaaaaaccgcaaaaggaaagccctgccgatctagatgatatataa
>gene_39122|replication protein, partial
gtggtgggtgttatggcacgaaaaaaagaagaaaataagcaaaaatctgaatggaaaggcataggaattaatcccacagaaagacttactgtaagcaaatctaaacctttcttcaacgaattgtggcagtcagacttaacacttgcagaatttaagattttagacttatatttagcgagaattgacggtcacaatgcaaaaaaaaagcgagtaacactcggtaaaggcgaaatagaaaaggcacttggcgttactaaaatttctgccgatgacttggctaaccgtttcgttaaactcggtcaagggataaaaattcctgatgaaacaaagaaaaaaaggtttcatatcctgtggcttttggaagaagttgtagcaaatgaagacgaatatggcagatggcaagtaacactcgaagcatcaagcaaagcaatgaatcggttttttaatgtcgataatttgggttattttcgttataaactgcgttgtgtagcaggactgacaagcagatacagttatatcttgtttaattatctggaagcaaatcggtttcgcaaggtttgggaagtttcgctgcctgaactcaaagaagtgttgaattgtactgccgaaagttattctgaatataagtggtttaattcaaaaattttaaagaaatgccataaggaaatcaacgataaaaccgtatgcaaatttaactaccaatcaatcaggaaaggtaaacgggttgctctgattaggtttgaattggaaacattgagcgataggattactgaaaaaatgtcgcaaatgacattcgatgacatcgaaatctctgccgaacagaacgaaataaagttactctcatctgcttgtgagaacgaattttcggtttccgaactgtcggaaatcaacaaaataattgaagcaaagaacatttctgacaagcgtgaataccttgttaaacagtatacattgctcaaccactatgccgaaaaaggcaaaatatcggacagatatagatatttctgccaaatgctatcaaacgataagaacaatggctcatcgttctccatcgaaaaagcaaaattgcaaatcaataacttcgatgatattgattggtaa
>gene_9147|protein rep
atgataaaaagaaaaaagccgtccacctctaaaatgaacggctcagccgagtcttgcggcttatattcttctgattatgctaataatactctgaataactatatttgtcaagactcaaaacttctaaactatacggaagactcggaaataaaagagaaatttcagcctaaacacaagaagtctatctatctttctaagatttacgacagactcggaaaagacaaaaaggctcttcgtgtttgtgattgtggctcttatctcgagtttgctcacgaggtggacgctaacggtgttattgatgaacacggcaagttacactttgcgaggttctgccgtgataggttctgtcctatgtgttcctggagacgctctttgaaactttttgctaatgtctccaaatgtattcccaaacttacgcaagactacaaatgtctgtttttgactcttactatacctaattgtacggaagaagacttccgagatactataaataggcttatgaaaggttgggatagactaacaaagtataagaaatggaaaaacttgattaaaggctttttccgtgtattagagataactcgaaataaagataaagattctgagttttacggaacacttcacccacattttcatattatcctcgttgttcctaagtcttacggcaaaaaagagggtatgtatatttcgagaaatgaatttttggaaatgtggcagcaggcttttcaagatgagtctataacacaggttgatataagactattgaaaccaaaagacactaaagatattacagactcttcagagataattcctctcaaaaatattgaaagtggtctttttgaagtttgcaagtatactcttaaagattctgactttcttgatgagtctttatcagatgaagaacaagacaacttgctaaaaactctttctgacggtttacatcatagacggcttgctcattttggtggtgtcttcaaagaaatatataactctctcgaactcgaagatgtagaggacgaaaattgcgatttgactcacattgatgattctatacaaaaaggtgttgctttacttataactcgtttccgttggggtatgggt
>gene_6247|Replication protein repB
atggcaagtagaacaagatgctattgtgctatcggttaccctgaaagccttgcagataattggcaagaaatacttcaagaaactcatgttcaagtcttaatcagtccgttacacgacaaagacaaaaca
>gene_52618|recombination protein
atgagcaagtgcgtggtgcatatgcagaaaatgaagatgggtgcgatgggcggtatccagtcacacaatcagagggagcatgaaagctcccaaaacaaagaaattgattacagcaagagcaataataactatgattttatgagttacatggatttgaattatgccagggcagtaaaagaacgtattgcagaactcaatctgccaaaggcaatccgccatgatgcggtggtctactgctcttttatcatttcatcagacaaaggcttttttgaccgtcttggtgatgaatacattagggaagtcatgggttctccgaatgggtggagcatggctgactatgaagtggctgatgaagaaacctatcaggaaatcctgaatgaagcaagtgcagcatactttgaaaaagcaaccgatttcttcatggaacgttatggagaggaaaatatcatcaatgcaacggttcacatggacgaaaacactccgcatatgcacctcggactggttccagtgactcctgatggtcggctttctgctaaagcactctttaccaaacaagaattaagggatttgcagacggagtttgcaagttccgtaggagagcagttccgcttggaacgtggcaaagagggaagtaaagcaaagcaccttgatgaagttacattcaagcttgaaaaacgtcaggaacagctttccaaggcacaaggagaactgttcaaccgtgaacaagagatttctaggctcgaaaaaacgtctgaaaggctcaaatcggagatttccgcccttgagatgaataaaactacccttgaatgtgaaatagagcctttaaggggcaaaataaaggctttagaggataagctggaaaaattacagactgaaccgcaagtgctaatggaagaatttgtccaaaatccgtcagtaaaagtggcttttgacaattactgtttgactgttcgcagacgtcagcaacaagaacgtgccgaaagagaaaatggacggaaaatgagttttagttactggaaggaacaaatggaaaagagaatgtcctctcttccaaaggataagtccgatactctacagaaaaatgatgaccttgaaagatga
>gene_58135|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_35873|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_34219|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_33975|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_44160|Rep
caggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_40706|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_44939|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_32555|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgagtaaagacaagaaaatgaagacggctttcatccgaatttctgccgataatgagaccaaagaagggaatattcattacgaattgaagggactggaagcccagatgaaagactggtgctcttcatgcaagatgacttattacatgatagagcataatggagagccaggggacgcaaacaggcactttcatatagtgataaacttcgggagcaatccgactcagtttagcactatcaagaacaggtttccgtatgggaacatccagaatgcgaggtctataaagaactgcgttcagtatcttgtccatttgaatgacttgagtaagcgagcttatgagtggaacgatgtcattacaaatgacccgaatatcgaccgttttaaggtcctttcgcatcaggctttggatttacgtacaaagcagtatatcgaccgtattatgactggtgagattcgagagtataactttgcgaatacgatagatccagaagtctatgcgaagcgtaagacccagttgctgaatgctcttgaactgtataggcagaaggtcggacaggacaagagcagacatataacggtcattgtttgcgaaggcggaactggaacgggtaagacgacatgggtcaagaacatttgcgagaaacagggcaaaagcctctgtttgagctccagttcgaatgacccttggcaggattacaagggcgaagatgtcatgcttttagatgagctgcgctctgatgtcttcggactggcagacttgctgaagattctcgataatcatacgaagtctaccagcaggagccgatattcgaataagatgttcctcggagactatatctttatcacgacgaatgaggagtttcaggactggtataaagacagtgatgatgcttctcgatatgctcttttcaggagaggaaagactcttatgaaattccgtccttctggggagccgttcaagtcttacgtagatattttcgagtggaacgaagaccagatgaagtacttgccgaaggggagcaatgttttctcttttgcgaatctgattgataaggacaaaccgcaagggatggatatgtccgttttgttcggataa
>gene_15373|Recombination enzyme
atgcttttgaaaaagcctagcaggaaggtgagtcacatggcgcacatcgagaagttcaagcggggggcggtctcgggcatgatgcaccactaccgccgcgaccgaaagtcaactttggagcgcgagaacgtggacgagagccgaagccacctcaactacaccctcgggcaaggcttggggtcagaagcgatcgcagagcgcattgagagcgtccaggaggccacggggaaggcagtgaggaaggatgcaaacgtcatggggtctgtggtcgttacaaggccgcagaacgtccctgagagcgacgagagggcgttcttcgaggcgtgcttcgagtggctgagcgagaagctcggcgaggagaacatcctcggcggctgggtccacatggacgagaccaccccgcacatgcacgtcgcgttcatgccggtgaaggatggccgcttcaacttcaacaaggtctgcccccgctccttcttccaaacgatgcaccaagggctgagcgaccatgtcgagcaggctctcgggtataaggccgagatcatgctcgactccgacaagcacggcgagaagcagctgagccacctgagccaggacgaatacatcgacgcgaagcagcgattggagtctcttcaacgagaggtcgcagagattcaacccgcttcggagggcatcggcgagagcatccgaaacctcatctcgcatcgaggcaatggagcgagagctgatgagcttggagcgagaattgcagagcgccgagaacagcttgcgggagtccgagagcagattgaagcagcagaagcagagagagctgcgagccaggagcgagttggaagaattgcagagcttcgagcaagcgttgagcgaagctgcgcagagcttagagggagagttgccgatctagcggaacgggtcagggaatggagggatgacatcatctggaactgcaccgagggggcgaagtcaatcctcgagaagatgggattcgatgccaggactgagcaaccctcgctcgaatggcatctaggtgagatccgcgcagcgatgcagcacgagacgagaagcttcaccgttccgactgttgatgagtggagccgatga
>gene_34002|MobC
atgaaaaaacgaacaaaacgaatcgaaatcgctttaacggaagaagaacacaaaaccttacaatcaatgaaaaccaaaccgaggttggcagagtggattagggaaattgcattacaa
>gene_6459|Putative replication initiation protein
atgcaatgcgttacacctttattcaggctttacaatttgcatgggaacaaaacaataagaatcattccaagatcggaagtaatgcaaggactagagctaaacgaaaacaatatccgatttcaacttggcaaaatgaatgccaagtacctggaaagagatcaattaatacaaacaataccatgtaatcattgttgggcttgtcaattaaacaaatcagcagaatgggcaaccagaaacatgttagaaacactagaccatgaacactgttatttcataacactaacttatgatgatgaacacctaccaattccagaatatatcgaataccaaaaaataatagaaaatgcaacagaaataaaagaaataacatgcagagaatacaacgacggaacatggatagaaggaacactatttcctgatcacgtagaaaaatttataaaagacctaagaaattactacgcatacagaggaataaaaggaatacgatacttctattgtggggaatacggagaaacaacacacagaccacactatcacatattactgtatggagctcctttagatctaagcaaaaactattcatatcatgtagacaaaaattttaaagaacactggaaaaatccattaatagacgaattatgggaatatggtatgcacgatatagctaatatagaatggagttcagcagcatacgtaagtaggtacacaaccaaaaaaatatcaaatgacggagacgcagaatattacgcaaaacaaggaaaaataaaagaatacatcagaatgtcaaaccgtcctggtataggcatgaaatattatgcaaaacacaaattagatatttataaaaatgacagcatggttatgaaaacagtaaaaggcaatacaggcaattttaaaccgcctaaagccttcgacaaattattcaaagaggaataccccgaagaatggaaaaaaatcgaaaggagacggcaaaaatgcgcaaatcgagctagaaaaaatgaatactatatgacaaatatgtctgacttacaaaaattaaaaataaaagcagaaaaagtagcaactaaaatgtcaatgttaccacgaccaggagaatggtaa
>gene_6651|TraE protein
atggcctatgtacccgtcccgaaagacttgaatgccgtcaagacaaaggttcttttcaatctcacgaagcggcagctcatttgtttcggaagcggggcgttgatcggcgtcccgctgttttttcttttgaaaacccaaatcgccgtcagcggggccgcgatctgcatggacattatccccagcgaccttgcgacctatggcagcgaggcaaagaagctccttcaggatttgcagtcccgaaatgagcgcatgttccttttgaccttcacgctcctgaatatcgctgacagcaagcagcagcttgacaatcaggtgtttcaggcgtccggcatcgcacagaaatacaactgcgctctgaccaagctggacttccggcaggaagaagggctcatgagcagcctgccgctcgcgtacaaccagatcgagattcagcggggcttgaccacttcaagcgtcgctattttcgtcccgtttacgacccaggagctttttcaggagagcaaggaggcgctgtactgcggcctgaacgcgctttccaacaacctcatcatggttgaccgcaagctcctgaaaaacccgaatgggctgatcttgggtactcccggttccggcaagtccttttccgcgaaacgcgaaatcgcaaacgtgtttctcgtcacggacgacgacattatcatctgcgatcccgaagcggagtacggtcctctcgtggaacggctggaaggacaggtcatccgcatttctcccacgtccacggacttcatcaatccgatggatctgaacctgaactattccgacgacgaaaacccgctttccctgaaatcggactttattctgagcctttgtgagcttgtcgtcggcggcaaagacggtttgcagcctgtcgagaaaaccatcatcgaccgctgcgtccggctggtgtaccgcaactatctgaacgatccccggcctgaaaacatgccgatccttgaagacctctacaatgagctcaggaggcaagacgagaaggaagcgcagtacatcgctaccgcgctggaaatctacgtcaccggctcgatcagatgccggaaaagctcacttccatgctcgtgttga
>gene_39685|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcgatatatcatttttcagttaaaacgattagtagaggtaatggacgatcggccgttgcttgtgctgcatatcgttcaagtgaaaaattggtatgcgatttttatggaaaagaacaagactacacaagaaaaactggtgtcgaatttacaaaaatctatgcacctgaaaatacaaatactgagttactcaagcgccaaacactttggaatgaagtcgaaaaggttgaacgtagaaaagatgcattacttgcaagagagtttgagattgcatttcccagtgagttaaacgctgaacagcgtgaaaatatgctcaatgaactttgccgaaacctcgttaaaaaatacggtgtcatcgttgatgctgctattcatgcacctcatacagacagtggaagtgatgaacgcaactaccatgcacacatcatgttcacaacccgaagtattaatgagcagggtggcttttcagcaaaaaaatatagggacttcagtcgtgacaatggcacagaaactgtaagccactggagagaatcatttgcagagttatgcaatcatcacctggaacaaaatggatttgatgaacgtgtcgatcacagaagttatgaagaccaggaaagtgacctagaagcaactcagcacgaaggtcctcaagcgacatacctccggagacgagggatatttacagaaattagtctgaaaaatgatgaaattaagctacgtaatttaaaaatcaaaaaggtcatcgcactggatgaaaacatcaaagtatctgaggatcttgttcaaaaagtacgaagtgagcttcagtttcaatactctcaagctgagtattcagaaaaaacttctcagaaactttatgaattccaaaatgaagaattatcaaaattaacaacaaaattagacacgatgagttctgcaatatcagaactacgcaaaaaagagcctttattttttaaaacaaaatggatcaatcaaataaatgacctgatcgaccaacacaacacccaactagacatccaaaagcatatttctggtcttagtgaaatagaaaaaaaagagagatattctgatcatttaaataaatggacagaagaaaatcagctgctccagcctaaaaagtcttttgcaaaatttgacgaaccgaacatcactgttaaacaacgaaaacttaatgatcaaatttcaaatatagatcatcaaatttctgaaatatcacgcagagaaactgagtatcaagagtatgtacgcgatcaaagactggagatcataaatagttatatatttgaagaagataactatggaaataaatactttagtcctcaaaatggtgaaaaacaaaagcgactatatgcagaagaaatggaagatctaaaaatccaagaattgcatgcggcttttacaaaaaaaattgagaccgaagcgcagcaagagttttcccaaaaaagagcaatacagctcgaaaacgaccgaaaagatcgtgaatctagagaacagcagttacgtaaagaacgagagcaacaagaacaacgctatgcacaagaacgagagcaacaagaacatttggcatttgtaagacgccaagaacaagaaaaacagcagagaaatgagcctaaaaagccagaaaatgacaataaccatgactacacgccttag
>gene_51435|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaagctaggaaaaggtggtgcgagcagaataattgctcatgtgaaaagggatagggaaacactcacggagagtaaaattgattggacgaaaacgaaagagaatgtgactctgatagagtttgaccaaaagcggttttcggaactggaaacacttgcgaagagaaaagacgcagtggttctgaccgataccgttctcactctgccgaaagagttgaagtattcgtctaggaaaaggcagacagaattttttgagaccgctttggagcagatgaaagagcacatcaagggcgaaccagtatgcgccgtgatacactttgacgaaaccactccacacttgcattacgcaagtgctcccattaccgttgatggaaggctatgcgcaaaggaactgataaaccgtgccatgctgaaaacactccatggaacggtagaagagtatgtccgttctaagggttttgaggtgcgtttgcaagaagagaacgaggaactccgacaaatgcaacacgatttgggatactccacaaagagtatgccagagtaccgcaaagacgcttttagagagagcatggaagcccagtacgacagagaaacgcagaagtccatagaataccaccaaacggctatgaagcacggtaaaaagtccgtgaagcgccgtaaaggggaaagcaaggaagaatacaaggcacgaaaaacggaaatggtggaagtgcctaaaatacattacgatgcccttatgaggctcaattttgaccgagaaaccgtccgaaagggcgcagaagcggaattactccttgaagaagccaaaagccgagaaacggcgattgagggcgaaataaggcaatctgaacggttggaaagggtatacaagcaaaagcatgaaagcattgatgaaaccgtggcgcagttgtcctacaaaaaagcaacggaaatgcggaatgacttgctaagtgacctcatggggttctgtaaggacaagaagctcgaaaacggagagaatgtaatatctgcatggcagaagcacagacaagctcaaataaagccacaagagaagccacaaaaggcaaaagtaaagtcgcacgaatgggaaaggtag
>gene_29780|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaagctaggaaaaggtggtgcgagcagaataattgctcatgtgaaaagggatagggaaacactcacggagagtaaaattgattggacgaaaacgaaagagaatgtgactctgatagagtttgaccaaaagcggttttcggaactggaaacacttgcgaagagaaaagacgcagtggttctgaccgataccgttctcactctgccgaaagagttgaagtattcgtctaggaaaaggcagacagaattttttgagaccgctttggagcagatgaaagagcacatcaagggcgaaccagtatgcgccgtgatacactttgacgaaaccactccacacttgcattacgcaagtgctcccattaccgttgatggaaggctatgcgcaaaggaactgataaaccgtgccatgctgaaaacactccatggaacggtagaagagtatgtccgttctaagggttttgaggtgcgtttgcaagaagagaacgaggaactccgacaaatgcaacacgatttgggatactccacaaagagtatgccagagtaccgcaaagacgcttttagagagagcatggaagcccagtacgacagagaaacgcagaagtccatagaataccaccaaacggctatgaagcacggtaaaaagtccgtgaagcgccgtaaaggggaaagcaaggaagaatacaaggcacgaaaaacggaaatggtggaagtgcctaaaatacattacgatgcccttatgaggctcaattttgaccgagaaaccgtccgaaagggcgcagaagcggaattactccttgaagaagccaaaagccgagaaacggcgattgagggcgaaataaggcaatctgaacggttggaaagggtatacaagcaaaagcatgaaagcattgatgaaaccgtggcgcagttgtcctacaaaaaagcaacggaaatgcggaatgacttgctaagtgacctcatggggttctgtaaggacaagaagctcgaaaacggagagaatgtaatatctgcatggcagaagcacagacaagctcaaataaagccacaagagaagccacaaaaggcaaaagtaaagtcgcacgaatgggaaaggtag
>gene_6542|replication protein
agctatgcaatggaaaatcgatttgatgattggtttccgttgctttgcgattctgctacatatcccatgaacgctttgataaagagtttgcgtcatgctggtagtaaaggttga
>gene_5500|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
ttggaaaataatttagatgattataaggttcgcaaagatgcagttgcgtttttttccgttgtagtgtctgcaagtccagaattttttagaaataaaactcgggaccaggtcgaaaattattttgaagcagctaaagattttctgatggacttctatggtccagaaaattgtataggtgcgtatgttcattttgatgaggttggcaatgtggaccggtctgcaagcccacacatgcactttattgttgcaccaataaaaaatagaaaattgtgttgcaaaaacataattacacaatcttctttaaggaaattacaaaatgaattaccgttgtatctgcaggctcgtggctatgatgtacaacgtggcattcaaaacagtcctcgttaccatatcgatacaaacgattggaaaaaaagtgaactgaaaaaagaaatcacacaaaaagaaatgcaacagtctatgcagatagaaataaagtccgaaaaaaaattttttggtggaacaactgaaaatgttatagtgaaagccaacgatttagaaaaattaatgtttgtaacagagcaagctctttcttttgtgcggaataatgaagagttaaaaagggaatgggctgaactgaaagcactgggccgagaaatggaccagcaggaaaaagaaattattaaaaaaatgaaagaacaacaggcgatagccgaggcgaatttaaccgagagccaaaggctcgaggatcaatcgcttcggctacgcctgtatgaaaaaacattagagagccaggataaaaacattgcactgcaaaaacttgcagatgatattgcagaacaaaaaaatatgttaaagaaaaaagaagaaactattgtggaacgagtaacgcaacgtgtaagtgaggtataccgaaaattaatagatgaagaaattttgaaaatgagcgagcaaggtgcttatgctgtcgaatgtatgaaagaattgaaaaaaacagatgccgagttatggaaagaaattgttggtcgtgtcgggaaaaaaattaaaaaggatatgagcctcaagatgaaaaaatccatagagaaggagctggataattcagcagtgaagcactga
>gene_27760|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
atggcaaactatgctaaatatactaagggtgctatggggcatatgctcaagcactacgagagggcaacagatgaaaaaggggagtatctgaaattcggtaatcaagacatagaccctacaaaaacacatctgaattacaaccttgcaccagagcatgaccaacttgaatttatacataggcggttggatgaggtgtactgcatgaagcggaaagacgttaatgttatgtgtacatgggtagtcactgcaccaaaggacttgaagccaggacaagaagaggaatttttcaaagagtcgtatgcgttcctggagaaaaaatacggtcaagaaaacgtggtatcttcctacgtccacaaggacgaaaagacaccgcatatgcatttctgtttcatgccgattgtgtcggatctgaaacggaatggatataaggtgtcagcaaaagagtgtgtgacaaggacggatttaaaccagttccatgagcaactgcaaaagtatattacttcaaggggtattcaatgcagtatagtgaatgaagccaccctcgaaggcaataaggcaatcaaggaactaaaacaaggaactgcacgcagaacgcttcaaaatgtccgtaaagccacgaaagaagaaaaagccaatctgcagaacctgcagaaagaaaaagcggtcttaaatcgtgaaatagaagcactgaaagacctcaaaaatatacaaggggaagtgctgacaagccaacaagtaaagtcgattaagacggaaagcgttatgtttgatgatacaaaagtgaaaatcagtaagacagacctagagaaccttaaaaagactgcctacgttggggagagtgctactaaagcctatgaagcttcaaagagttatctgcagaaagcagaaaagacgctcgaagcggtagagcagaaacggagagagccaacaaaagaaaaaatggaacgtctgcaattaaagaaaaaaatcgaagactatgataaagcactatcgaagtgtaagccagaagtaaaagaagcctttaaaaaagcgtataaagcggttacagaaccgactaagaaattattgaaaaaagagattacaagagataaataa
>gene_52452|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaactggcgtgccacggacacaattacaaaaaaggctcggtgggcggaatcgacaggcataaccgcagacttggcaaggaacattccaacgaagatattgaccctgcgcgcacccacctcaatataacttttatgcatacgcgcaacctctatcaagactgcaaggcagaggtggaactagtcaagaagaacggcgggcgtttacgttccgaccagaactggctcacggagttcacgatatatgctcctcccagcctcgccgatggcgactgtagggactacttccagacggtttatgattttttcagggagagggtcggagaatccaatatcaaacttgccgtggtgcatatggacgaacacacgccccatatgcaccttgacttcatgccacttgtccgcaatgaacacggagaacccgttaaactctcctccaaggaggtaataacacggcgtttcttgctcgatatacacgacaatctccccaaacgcctacaggcacgcggttatgatgtgcagaggggtgataaggttaaggtggaggataagccccttaaagggcgttctgcacggcgttataaggctgatacagagaaggaacgacttgccttagaatacaaaatcgaaaaactaaaagaaactgccaccaaatatgccgatttagtcaagcagggtatgtcgtatgtcgaacaatgtgataaggcaagggcagaataccccattctaaacgccgaaattgcccgtttaaggggtgaaaaggaaaaactcgaggatttctgcgttgatgctgaaaaacgtcttaaaatggcttatacggcgttggaggaggtcgaaaagcgtacctgtgatgcagagaatgtgtattcaatggctatggctcgcgcaggaatgctcctgcaggacgttgacaggctcgcacagctccgcaacgaagttgcagaactgattgatatgcgcgcccgcggaatgggcttgaaattcaaacaggagacagggcactacatcgacgatatccgcagaggattgacacaggcacttaacaggtctgcaccgcagacgaagaaaaaatcggacagggacgacagatag
>gene_17242|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ggttctgcccaagaagaatataatgcccgacagaaaaggtcagaccgaaaaataaaaggtagttattttaatcatttattcggaaaagagccttgtggaactgttcagacttccagtgataagcgaaagagtttttatgaggatttagttcaaatcggcacgaaagaagatacaggagttaattctgccgatgcagaagtagctactgaatgtcttattgagtatatgaagggatttcaagaaagaaatcctaatttctatgtattcaatgctgttattcatttggatgaagctacaccacatttgcatattgactatattccgttcggtcactacaaaagaggaatgtcaaaacaaaatggcatagctcaggctctgaaggaaatggggtatggaactggaaaagatgcaataagccgttggagagaacaagaaagaaaaattttagaagaaatctgtgttaatcgtggaatagaaatagcagaaacacagaaagcaagaggatacagttttacttgtgaagaatataaaacatacaaagatgaaataaatgcccttgagagccaaaaaaacgctcttataactgcttctgaagaaatcacggaattaaagtacgctgaagaaaaaagcctctcagaattgcgtacagaggcttctaaagtcaaaaagaagttatcgaactttaaaaaaatcgaatataatattgccgaactaatgaaaatagagcctaaaaagacaactttaattggaaatgattgtattgttgaccaagatgattggaaaaaaatgaaagctgcagctataaatggatgtacagctgtgtcggaagcagaatctttaaaaaaattaaaatcatatcagtatgcttatttagaaaaaaagaaagaacttgaagaagcagaaataaaaatcaattctctaaataaaaaaattaatgattatttaatagcttgtgaaagaaatcctgctatatctgatatggttgccgaagaagttctgaatgataaggcagaaaaattattacaaaaaacacaggcagaaaatactcgaaaaaataattttcaaaagaaaaaaagagaagatattgaacactga
>gene_7353|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaacgatttactggaaattgacgaaagcaagcctttgaagcagtctaatcggcttatcgaggcgaagtataagctgacaaaatacgagcaacgcatgatacttgctatttgttcccagcttgacaagaacgctaaaaatttcaacacagttcgtgtgagtgtcgctgacatggcaagattctgcaattttgatagcacaaaagggtattctcatgtgaaatcaaccattaaaagacttgccacacgaacattagaaataaaaagttcaaatggtgactggtatataacacattggctacaatcagccaaatatatttctgccgaaagtgttatagaatatcgcgttgatgataatttgaagccggaattattacaattaaagcaagcatatttatccaccccagctttgccgttaatggaatttagaagtgactatagtacaagattctatttacttctaaaaaaaatgttaaaaataaaagattttgaatatgaattagattttattcgtgaaagatttcagcttagcaaagcatatcaaatatttttcaatctaaaaaacaaagttattgaaccagccattgcagaaataaacgagcaatcagacataaacgtaaaacacgaatatataaagcaaggtcgctcatatacaaaaattcattttacagtagctttgaaaaaaccaatcagcgaagaagaaaaaattgaagaagaaactggtcaattaaggcttggcggtgttatgtctgattccgtacaagagataacagataaacttataaagcgtggtgttagcgccggatatgcgaaaaaaattgcaaaaacatatgactctgaacgcatcagaagaaatctaaacttagcgctacaacaaaaagaaacggcaaagaatttgccgggtttaatcattaattttataaaagatgatactgccgaaaaaaatacacaagcaaaagcagaaattaacgagcgagaacaaaaacgcaaagtggatgccagacaggcaaaagaattttttaatggcaagcaggaaattactggcgattacgcgaatcctgttattataaaaaatggtaaagttatttccgagtaa
>gene_13684|replication initiation protein
atggcgaggcaaaaaaagaccatcgaccccatcgttggcactggtaaagacccagaaacccagctgacagtccagaaggctctccctttattctctctctggcactctgatatgtcccttgctgagtttaagattctggatacatatctgtcccggattaacagccacgagcctgagaagcgctctgtgatctttaggaaaggtgaattggagcagttgctcggcgtgcagaaaataaataaggcagatctgcaggctcgtctaaagggtctttaccgtggcgtagacattgctgacagcaacaagaagatccataccgttggtctgtttgaggaggcctatggtgagatggatgagagcggcctctggacaattaagctcacttgcacggccaaagcaatgaagtacatattcaatattgaaaagcttggctatctaagatacaagctccgctgcatcacctcaatgacaagccgatatacatatatcctcttcatgtacctggaatccaaccgcttccggaagtcctgggtcatagaggtagacagtctgcgtcagatcctgaactgtgataccgaggagagctacaaggaatttaagcttttcaataatcgaatcctcaagcgatgccagaaggaactgctcgaaaaaaccgagtgccgttttaagtatgagccaatcaaaactggtcgccgggtcactggtatcaaattcacgctggagactttgtctgacgagttagacgaacaacttcctgggcaaatgaccatagaggatttcgagcacggggcgtacacagacgaaccctcggtggagcagtcgccccttgacgagctgtacgatcttcttgcagctgcttgcaatggggagttctctcgtgaagatattatgctgatccacgacgcaatgaataagactggcctctttgccatgtcccacgacagcgattccgagcgagaagcattcctgcatacgaagtatctcaggatgaatgccgagaatagccagaaaattaaaaggggattaaagccaatcgagcgtcgccgggactaccttttggcaatgattcgctcaaaaggtgaggtgcaatcatga
>gene_35313|Replication protein
acggaaaaagataactggctgattgaatgggaagcccgcaagcgcgggcgcaaggtggcgacgctgctgttcaaattccaacgcaacccgcaagggagcttgttttga
>gene_57689|Replication initiator protein
atggcaaaaaaagaaagcaagcgtgaatcaaccacaatcgtggagggattgaaggactcgaataatattcaaaaatcgacacctctcctatccctctggaaaagctcactcggactcggctcgttcaaggttctcgacacatatctttcgagaatcaacagccgttacccagaccgcagggaagtgaaattccgaaaaaaggagcttgaagcacttctcggaataacagaggtgaaacctgcggctctccaaaaatacaccgacgaactcttgcgtgaaatcgtcgacgttgatgacccgacgtgcgacggggggtttaatcgcatcagtcttttctcacagagcaaatgctacagagacgagtacggggaatattgggtaacgttgagttgcaccccggaagcaatgaagtatttcttcaacgttgaggagttgggctatttgaggtacaagctccgcaacgttctccaaataacgagccgttacagctacgttctgttcctgtatttgttcaagcgcagacagtgcaagcccttcgacgtcgacatcgaagagcttcgcgaattgctccagtgtaccaacgacccgtactacaatgaattcaagaacttcaatcgcaaaattctgaaacgttgctgtgatgaaattaacgaaaaaacagaactcaaatacaactatgagccgattcgaagcggtcgcaaggtgaaattcattcgcttcaccattgagaagaccgggacggaagccctcgatggcgaacagccaccatcgggcgaacagctctccttggaggagtgtgttgaccgttccggcgaataccaaagtgaaacgctcggctcgcttgctgaggcatgcaactttgaattcgatgaaacagccatgcacgtcattttcgattctttggcaagagcatgcccttacacgggaacaaatgccagtgccgatgatacgttgcgagaacggtatcatgtccttgtacgagcattctacgtgctattgaaccgtgagcgtgacacaagcaagccccccgtccaaaacagattgaagtacctatgtacaatcatcgaggggcgcacgcgggagaaaggagaataa
>gene_16953|Replication-associated protein
ttggctgaattggatttgaagaatgatagttttcgttcgtggttttgcgtgtttaacaatccagaagaacacggctatacaggtacggaacaagaaatttgtgataaccttgtttctgcgtgggttgataaccatcctacaaggtcttgcgctgtctgttactgcgtttcggctactggtctaaagcattgtcatgttgttcttgaagatacaaagaaaatgcgtttttctgcggtaaaaaaggcgtttcccaatatgcatattgagcctacaaagggaacaaaggaacaagccgaagattatataaataagcgtggtaaatgggaagaaaaaggcgaaattatcgttgctacggcacgttatggagaaattaaaggcgctcaaggtcaaagacgagattttgacgctattgatgatttgttgttgcaaggtatgaacccctcgcagattatggagcaaaatttttctttccgtaggtttgataagatgattagacaagcctattttgacaagcgtatgcgtgaaact
>gene_1675|Replication protein repB
atggctgaacaggcaaaaaaaagaaattggacgttcgtcctctacccggagagtgctccgaaagattggaaagagcagctgaagatctccggactc
>gene_2402|MULTISPECIES: mobilization protein
atgctgaccatgcgtccgctggacgagcacggcgactggcagtacaagaccgagaaagagtacctgtgcgtccggggcgatgaggagcgcggcttt
>gene_34182|Relaxase/Mobilisation
atggcaactattaaagcagtatcttcaaagtgtggggtaggtggcattctggactatgtaaccaaagaggaaaagaccgaggagaagcttctctccggtaaggactgccaaccggaaacagtcagagaggaaatgcagaccaccaaagagctttggggcaagacggacggaagaacctacaagcactttgtacagtcgttccataaggacgagcaaatcactccagagcaagcccacgagattgcaaaggagtttgcagagcagtgtccccagttcaagggctttgaggtgctgattgccacccacaaagaccgagaacacatacacacgcactttgtcgtgaacagtgtcagccacgaggacggacacaagttccgtatgcacaagtcggagcttcaacagatgaaagacctttccgaccagatgtgcagccaaagaggattgcacatctgcgaaaagggaaaaacctttgagggagcagagcgagaggaaacgtcagcctataccaaagaagcctatcagcttcttaaaaaggcagaacgtggagaggtcaaaagctatgttcaagatatagctttgtcggttctggagtgccgagagcaagccacgagccgagaggacttcatacagagaatgaacgaaagagggtacggagtggactggcaagacaaccacaagtacatcacgttcacagaccttgccagagaggagcaaggcgagaaacagtgcaaagtccgtaataacaagctagagaagtattacaatatggactttggaaaggaggaatttgaacgtgggtttgaagtcaatgcacgaagcaagcagaccaccgagagagccagagagcaacttgcagttaatcgaggagcagagccgaaccatatcggcacaggagcagacaatatcggagctttccttgcaggtatcaatgctcaagtccgaggtgcagaaactggcagacaagaacgtgaagctgaacgaagccgacaacgtgctgaagctcaacgacgagctgaagaagcaaaacgagttgctgaagcaagaaaagtccagagccgaacaagaagccagagccgaggttgggagcgttaa
>gene_17491|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgtgcgcgcacttcgagcgcaagcagcaatacaacaaagagaccaagcagatggagtacgtcaagtttggcaaccaggagatcgacacggcgcggtctcacctcaactacaatctcgctcccgagcgtaagagccagagcgagttcatcaagcaacgttgcagcgaggtttactgtcacggccgcaaagacgtcaacgttctttgctcttgggttgtgacagctccgaaggatctcgatcctgccgagcacgataagttcttcaagtcctcgtatcagttcctcgaggacagatacggcaaggacaacgtggtgtccgcgtacgtccataaggacgaatccggacaaccacacatgcacttcgcgtgggtgccggtggcgttcgacgtcaagcggcaacgtcaaacggtatccgccaagatggtgatcgcccggaaggagctgcaggagttccaccctgcccttcagaatcacctcgaggcggagctcggccacccggtgagcgtgctcacaggtgagctctccgaccgccctgatctcacgttggcgcagtacaagtcctacaaggagctttgcaagagcctcgagaacggccaaaaacaggcctctgagctctccgacaccattcggcagatggaaggccgcctcgagctcatacgagccgaatacgagccaaagaaggcgtatttggacgagttcgctcggcagcaggagagcatacacgagggtgtccgggaacacaagttctttggcaaggtcaagtccgtggagatgtccccggagaagtgggacaaccacgctatggcctatatggataagcaggcgaccaagcatatggagcagaccgcgcagcagctcatcagagaactgcagagcactcgcaccgggcaatacctggctgacctcgaggacgacgtgaagcagcttaaaaagcagctttacgagtaccaaaaggccaatcagcgtatgtcccgggagatagagcgtatcaataaggccttcgagctcaacccgaagctcctcgaggacttcgagaagaccgagaagcagatcgccaggctcgagcaccgcgatcacggactgtctcgctga
>gene_51776|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgtgcgcgcacttcgagcgcaagcagcaatacaacaaagagaccaagcagatggagtacgtcaagtttggcaaccaggagatcgacacggcgcggtctcacctcaactacaatctcgctcccgagcgtaagagccagagcgagttcatcaagcaacgttgcagcgaggtttactgtcacggccgcaaagacgtcaacgttctttgctcttgggttgtgacagctccgaaggatctcgatcctgccgagcacgataagttcttcaagtcctcgtatcagttcctcgaggacagatacggcaaggacaacgtggtgtccgcgtacgtccataaggacgaatccggacaaccacacatgcacttcgcgtgggtgccggtggcgttcgacgtcaagcggcaacgtcaaacggtatccgccaagatggtgatcgcccggaaggagctgcaggagttccaccctgcccttcagaatcacctcgaggcggagctcggccacccggtgagcgtgctcacaggtgagctctccgaccgccctgatctcacgttggcgcagtacaagtcctacaaggagctttgcaagagcctcgagaacggccaaaaacaggcctctgagctctccgacaccattcggcagatggaaggccgcctcgagctcatacgagccgaatacgagccaaagaaggcgtatttggacgagttcgctcggcagcaggagagcatacacgagggtgtccgggaacacaagttctttggcaaggtcaagtccgtggagatgtccccggagaagtgggacaaccacgctatggcctatatggataagcaggcgaccaagcatatggagcagaccgcgcagcagctcatcagagaactgcagagcactcgcaccgggcaatacctggctgacctcgaggacgacgtgaagcagcttaaaaagcagctttacgagtaccaaaaggccaatcagcgtatgtcccgggagatagagcgtatcaataaggccttcgagctcaacccgaagctcctcgaggacttcgagaagaccgagaagcagatcgccaggctcgagcaccgcgatcacggactgtctcgctga
>gene_52461|Mob protein
atgaagcgtggtgaggtcggtgcgattgaccgccataataggcggtctggtgaggtgcatagcaatgaagatattgaccctgcccgtactccttggaatatcgctgttgttcagcctgacggcggtttgtggtctgctgtgcagacgaaggttgaagaagtgaaagagcgtggtgctcgggtaactgctggctcggtggtctgttcggagtgggtgatctacccgcccgaagatttacaagacccgttcacggctgaccgtgagaggttgcggagctggtcgggggatgttctggactggatgaagtcccagggcattgacccagagcaagccattatccatatggacgaaacaacggtacatatgcacgttgatagcgtgcctctgactgctgacggtcgtttgtcccgtaaagatatatatacccgttctgcccttacgaagtttcattcggagcttgcgaaacacctttcggagcgtggttgggatatccagagaggagataccacgaagggcaagggcgttaagagcaagagcacgaaggaatataagcgagagcaggagaagaaggttgctcagctggaaaagcgtgctgaggagcttacaagggctttagagcctgctgagaggctttctgcggtacaggtgaaggaaagtgcattcggaggctctgtgaagctttctaaggacgattacgaggctttgaagcgtaatgctgaggcggtcggcgttctgcagagtgagaatgaccgtttccgtgctatgtatgagcgagagcgtgagagagcagaggaatataggcaagctgccactcttaccatatcggagcgtatacggcttgcagatgcagagaaagcggttaagaccttggagaagatagagaaacggcttgacgctttggagaagcagacgaagctgattgacaagttgataatgcatttaccgtctttcattgctgataagctgaagctgagagagcttgagaaggtgagtgggttttcctttcaggactactgggactttcgggatactatgaggtatttacgagaggaggcagagagggtgaagggagccgtaacacggaggcggtaa
>gene_27064|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgaaaggcggtgtgattatggcgaatgttcaaaaatacactcggtctgcttgcggtcatttgttcgcacatttcgagagagcaagagacgagaacggtgattatataaagtttggtaataagtcgatagataagacaaggactgacttaaattataatttagctcccgataggtcgcaaattgattatttgcaagagagattgtcgcaggttcgttgtttaaagcgtgatgatgtcaaggtgatgtgttcttgggttctgactgctcctcagagcgtgatgtattatgagcgagatttgttttttaagtctgcttatgattttttcgtaaagcgttatggtggtgagcaaaacgttatctcggcttatgttcattgtgatgaaagcaccgaccatatgcatttcgcttttataccgattgtttatgataaaaagaaagactgctacaaggtatctgcaaaggaagttctgactaaaagagaattgcagactatacataccgatttatcgaattatctgcaagaagtctttggtcgtgatgtcggtgttctgctttatgatagcaccaagagagacaacaaagaatataaaccgcttgcagaattaaagcgtgagactgctattgctgaattagaagccatagaaagccgtgtagcgactttgaatgaggttagagaggtaaatgccaacataaccattaaaaagccgttatgggctaaaaatgagcgtgtagagatgtctaagagcgattatgatattttatatcggcaagcagagagttctgcaaaaggtgatctgcttttagatgagcttaaaaaagaagttgagcaacgtgaataccggttgcaaagttccgttgatttaggtaaagagattgtgcagcttaaaaggtctattaaaaagttagagcaagagaaaagactgcttgaagatgaagttgagcgtttaggcttttttgagcgttttgtgatgttctttcctgatttggtgaaacgcttttttgcttgggtagaagagcagagtattgatgccgagattttgaagtgcaaagaagagttgcaagagattaaagattatttgcaaagcagatga
>gene_28292|Initiator RepB protein
atgtctacaagaggtgataccgtggcaaagaagaagaaaactccccttgagggcattgggcgtgacccagaaaacaaactggtcgtccagaaatcgaagcccctgtttgagctttggcgctcaaatctgtcccttgcagagttcaaaatcatggatatgtacttggcccggattgataccagaaaaccggagcaacgcacggtaaagctgacgaaaggccaactggaagaggctctgggtgtcacccgcatcaatcgccccgacttggaacaaaggctcaaaaacctctaccaaccgattgacttggcaaagggtgaccggaaaaggctccatctggtgtcgctgttcgaggaggccgaggccgagccagacaaggacggtgtttggcaaatcacgttgacctgtacaaacgccgccatgaagtacatcttcaaggccgaggagcttggctacctccggtacaagctccggagcattacgggtatgacgagccgctacacctacgtcctgtttacctatctggagcaaaaccgcttccggaaaacatgggatgttcctctggaggagctgaagaaaatcttgaactgcgatggcgatgaactctacaaggagtacaagcggttcaacgagcgcattttgaaaaaatgccagaaggaattgaccgagaaaacggagtgccgcttcacctacgaaccgctccggaagggccggagcgttgcggctatccgctttaccgtcgaaacactgtctgatatttttgacagtgataaaaaccctgaccagctcgacatcgaggattacttgacgtcatccgaagacggaggcgaggatctgacgccaagtaatccgtatgacgagctgatggacttgctctcctccatgtgcaacggcgaatttgtccgggaggaaatcgtggttctctacgaggcgatgatggccttaccagtccacttccaagacagtctcgcttatgccgatttcctccgggcaaggtacaatgaaatgcttgccgccgatgcccgaaaaagaggcaagaaaatcgtccatcgttttaaatatttgctgacgctgattcgcaaggcaggcgactga
>gene_6037|protein rep
ctgctcggctcttcaagtaatgatgtgatacatcaagttcacgataattgtaccacatcatcagacaaatgtcaatcaatcgacaaagagttagaagagaaatggacaccaaagaagcaagagggcgaaccgcttgtgatgtgttattaccgtcttggctatgaggaaaaagccaaacgtgtggcagattgtggcacgttcttggagtttgcgaggtacggcggtatgcaagagggtgcagggggactcccctgtgggggcgtcccctgcaccggcgacagcttcaagcttcatcgagcaaatttctgtcgtgacaggctctgtcctatgtgttcttggcgaagatcatacaagattttcggacaggtatcacaaataatggatctgatagctgacaagtacgaatttctattcttgacacttactgtcccgaattgcacggctgacgagcttataagtacgcttaatagtatggctaaaggttggataaagctttcacgtcataagcgttttaaagctgttgtaaagggcttttttaaagccttagaaataacatacaatcagactgccgacacttaccacccgcattttcacgttgttctcgctgttcctaagagctattttaattcaagggactatattcagcgtgatgaatggctgtctatgtggcaaaaggcaatgaatgacgagacaatatctcaggtcgatataagaaaagcaagagacaagcacaaagagaagataggaaaaacggcagctgaaaagctcgcttctgctgtagccgagattgcaaagtatgctgttaagtcctcagattacctctttgacgatgaagagctgaccgacaaggttgtgtctgttctcgttcctgctctggctgaccgtcgcttatgttcctttggtggctgttttaaagaagcacatcaggctttacagctcgatgatacagaaaacggcgatttgatacacattgacggacagcttcgctctgatgttgctttacagatataccgttacggttggagctgtggagcttataagcttattgaagtaattgacaaagccaatatattggctgaatatgatgaatga
>gene_21783|Replication protein
atggccgaaaagagttggcgaaactttgagctggtgttttacggggacagcaccgatttggacaagctttttgcggcgttggagcgcatgcagaaatgggcgtggatactacacgacaaagacgagggaaaggagccgcattaccacgcgatggtgcagcccaaaagcccgatgaagacgagcgttatcgctaacacgttcggggtgagggagaaccagatagagaacatcaaagggacgtgggcggatgcgctcgactacctgacgcacggcaacgcgccagacaagcaccaatacgacgtgagcgaggtgcacgcgaatttcgattgggagacagaggcacagggcagtacgaggaacaggaagaggaagatagctgagctggtagacggcataggtacgggagagatacggcactacaatttgactgagcatgtgagcgtggccgactttacgacgtacagaaggaagatagaaagcgcgttcaagtggagagacgagtacgtgcacgcccatctagaggagctggtagagatgaagaatatcgtatgggtgtttggcaagactggcacgggaaaaacgacgttctccaagcagctggcgaagacgtacgggttcattagcgcgataacgagctgtgggcgaaacatgttcgacgagtacaaggacgagccgtgcctaatcatggacgacctgcggccgtctgatatgaggttctcggacctgctgggcatactcgacccgtacaacttcaaggcggcgcaagctcgctaccagaacaaggcgctacagactcagatgattatcgtcacgactacgtacacgccagagcggttttgcagggagtgcaacggggacgagctaggtgcagaggattcaaaccagctctacaggcgcattaatgcggtgtacgagatgacggatacagaagcgatagagtacgagtacgacgaggaattgaagcgcgtgcagacgcaaaggtggccgaatctttggctgatgcaggcaaagaggaaggcgcagaaggcggagaacaggcgcaaggtagaccagatggcagaaatgctcttggcggagatgggaacggcctaa
>gene_463|Initiator RepB protein
atggatgaagtttcagtcttgccttccaagaaaaacaaggacctcatacagtcctatacgctgacaacaatgcgagatgacattggcttgtacggccagcgtcttattctgcgcctcgtggaagccgccaacgccacaggcgtaacgcaagggctggacttcaagcgcggcaccaatctggatcaagtcagccctgcgagggtggagtctgaactgttcggagagttcaagaccatcgtcatgccagccaccgccgtcctgggagatgccgaggaatacaccaaactacatcgagacataaaggcgtgcatgaagcatgtaatcgagtacatagactcagacggtgattgggtagcatttccccttctttcctttgccaaatgcaacagggacggcatcaaagtcgtagtccggcaagaactgtgggatgccttcctcaatttcacgaaaggcttccggaagttcgaactgaacgcagccctgtcctttcagacaacatactcattgagactgtaccagctcatgagcggccagaccgagcctctgacgtattccatacgagagctgaaggaaatgttcggcctgatcaagaaggatgataacgggaaggtgacggaaaagtacaaggacaagcctacggattttatcaagcgagttatcgagccggcaaagaaagaacttgacagttgcagcccgttcactttcgaatatgccccgctggagtcaaggaagagggcgcagggaagggcggccatcacagccatacagttcttccctatcaagcaggccaaattcagggatcctaatctggaggcgaacgaactcgtcaatatgtacagcggagccttcggagacttcgggctgacgatagcacagaagaatatcctgatacacaagttcggactcaccgacaaaggcatccggaacaatcacaagctctggggagcccttatcaagaacggcatcgacatcaccagggagcttgacatccttgccgtcagagtggcaaacctgcggcccgcaaacccggcagggtacgtcatcaagtccttcaagggcattctccgcgatgccggtatcaagatctga
>gene_56291|Initiator RepB protein
atgtttgtattattatgctgttatggaggtgtttttatgggaatgatgatagctttaagtgataaagcatcaatgtcaaacgaactaaatagcatgtacataagaaaaccaatgacgctgcagcagatgcgtttttttacgatttatctagcaaaaataaaccctaaaaatccaaaagataagattgtaaaattttcggtcaaagattttgccaacatcatgaatgtggaagtaaatgaagatgccgtaaaatccaatgttgtcaatcttctggagcatacagtctgggtgaagtccgaaaaatacaaaaacggtattacagcttgccacttgtttcgaaaatgtgaaatgtggaaagaagaggaaaccggagaaatcatgcttgaatttcaatgcagcgaagaagtagagccgtatttattcaaactaagaaaaaattttacttcatacgaagtttggaacacactcaggcttcggtcagtaatacatagccgtatgtatcaactgctgaagcagtttcaaaaagtcggagaaagaacaattctgatcaaggacttaaaagagcagcttggaatcgaaaaggatgcatatccggactatccgatttttaaccgagatgtcttgaaaaaatgtcaaaaagccctggaagaaaaaaccgatattcgctttgaatataaatgcataggacgtccggcaaaaagcatcagattcatgatttacgaaaacaaaaactatgataaacaaatcactttagcagaaatgggattggacgagggaacagctgatgaacaacttccaggacaaatgagtgtttatgattatccggaagtaattccagaagatgatccaatgcaagacaaatataatttatgggcaggcgcttgcgacggagaatttaatcaggctcaaatcgaggaattagcgttgctgtcaaatgcttatattgatttttccttatctgctgaccaatacaatcttgatgtgttccattatctgcagctaaaatacaaagctttaaatgcaaaaaaacagagcgaaataaacaaccgttatggatacatgaaatggcttgttgaaaacaacaaataa
>gene_17306|Mobilization protein
atggtggggaaagggggcgtgtatatggctcatttagagaaatgtaaagctaaccaagtaaatggattatgcctacatgatagtagggcttgcaagggacattccaacgaagaaatcgacgtagagagaagccaccttaactacaatctggcagagagcattcagccactcaaccacaacgattttatcaagcagagattgagtgaagtgaagtgcattaagagagcggacgttaatatcatggcttcgtggtgtgtgacgcttccaaaggattaccaaggcgatgagagagccttttttgagagtgctttttcttttatggctgataagtacggtgctaaaaatgtgatatccgcttacgtccacaacgacgaaaagaccccacatctgcatttcaaattcatgccgatagtggaagataagggcgtagaaaaagtatgctttgataagtgtgtcacacgaaaggattataagagcttccataaggagcttaaagcccatttagagagcgatttgggtattccctgcaatatccttaatggagcgacggaaaacggcaataagaccgtccaagagctaaagaataaggagctgacggaacagaaccaagagctagagcgtgtcaatgcgtcctatacggctgaaatagcccaaaaagagagtaaactgcataaaatcgacgctgatttacttaaaagctccaaaaagggcttatttggggcttctgcggtagaaagtgccaaacgtgtcttggaacgtgaagaacagctgataagccgtgaaaaagaacttgccgaaaaaatccgtaatagtgaagaatattaccataatctttccgtacaacttggaacagctcaaaagcgtgtttccgacgaaagaaaccgcctttctgatatagtcgaagaagaactccaacggcggtatcagaaagtcctacaatctaaagaaaaagagattgctcaattaaaagagcgtttaggcgttgccgaacatataatgagtgatagcatttataacgatagaatagcccttgatgtttaccgaaatcagtttgaccgtggtattaaacgtcaaagggaaagagagtaa
>gene_16946|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaaatgacgatttctgtcgtaaaaggacgaggaagtctgaaccataacaaccgagaatttgctacaccgaatgtagacaaggacagaataagcgacaacatcacctatgttgctgaacctcttgaagttgcttatgagaagtgtttcggtgcggagattgagcggtacaactccacccaaaagagagctgaccgacggattgacggtgcaaaagggtacatggagcagatacggaactccaagaacggcgagaagctgttttacgaaacggttgtacaggtcggaaacaagcatgattgtgccgttggcacggagaacggagagctggcaaagcagattcttgacggatatatgcgagaatttcagagccgaaatccgaacctttatgtctttaatgcggttctgcacttggatgaagccaccccacacttgcatatcgactacataccactcgcccacgattatcagagagggctgcaagtgcggaactctctcgataaggctctaaaagagcaaggaatcgacggaaaagccaacaagagggaaaacagtacccataactggcaagagcgtgaaaaaacggctgtagagcgtgttatgagggagtacggtttggaacgcgaacccgaaaagggcattaagagggagcatatgaccgtggaacagtacaaagcggttgcggagcaagtgcggaatgaggttgaacagctcccccagcagatagaaacagcccctatgatgctcaataaggagcgtgtgacggtcagaaaaactgaccttgaacagctggaacagcgagcgaagctgtctttggtgcatgaaaaagccaccaaagaagcacagagagccacggaacagagcttttccgagggaaaacagtacataaccaagaaaatgtcacaatccctcatgtaccttgatgaagccgaaaagagccaccagcaagctggcgaggagcttcgccaagcccgtgaagcacgctccaagtatgaacagctataccagcaacagcagagcttgaatgagaactatgccaagctctacaagctctatcagagcgagaagcagaccacggaacagcagagggaaaccattaccgctctgagagccgaaaacagctccttaaaggctcaaatcgaagaaagggtacagaaagccgttgagcctctaaaacggcaaattgaggggcttacagagcgtctgcagaatgttgccaagagcattgcttgcatggcaaaggctgtgggaatgctcaaatacgacaaaggggagtacagagcggagctgtcaaagaagcaaggtgaagtggtggacgctgtggcagagtatgccaaaggctggattaagaacactctgggcgagtgtgaacagaccacggaacttcaaacggatatagataagcatgtgagcatttcagagggcataaaacggtttatgtcccccgattatcccgaaatactgtacttcaaaggtggtaaagagggtcgtggattctacgacaaggaaaatcggttctatggaacgctggaaatcatgcccgaactcaagaagcaaggtgttaaaatcatagacccccacgaacttctccctgggaatcgctcaagataa
>gene_51425|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaaatgacgatttctgtcgtaaaaggacgaggaagtctgaaccataacaaccgagaatttgctacaccgaatgtagacaaggacagaataagcgacaacatcacctatgttgctgaacctcttgaagttgcttatgagaagtgtttcggtgcggagattgagcggtacaactccacccaaaagagagctgaccgacggattgacggtgcaaaagggtacatggagcagatacggaactccaagaacggcgagaagctgttttacgaaacggttgtacaggtcggaaacaagcatgattgtgccgttggcacggagaacggagagctggcaaagcagattcttgacggatatatgcgagaatttcagagccgaaatccgaacctttatgtctttaatgcggttctgcacttggatgaagccaccccacacttgcatatcgactacataccactcgcccacgattatcagagagggctgcaagtgcggaactctctcgataaggctctaaaagagcaaggaatcgacggaaaagccaacaagagggaaaacagtacccataactggcaagagcgtgaaaaaacggctgtagagcgtgttatgagggagtacggtttggaacgcgaacccgaaaagggcattaagagggagcatatgaccgtggaacagtacaaagcggttgcggagcaagtgcggaatgaggttgaacagctcccccagcagatagaaacagcccctatgatgctcaataaggagcgtgtgacggtcagaaaaactgaccttgaacagctggaacagcgagcgaagctgtctttggtgcatgaaaaagccaccaaagaagcacagagagccacggaacagagcttttccgagggaaaacagtacataaccaagaaaatgtcacaatccctcatgtaccttgatgaagccgaaaagagccaccagcaagctggcgaggagcttcgccaagcccgtgaagcacgctccaagtatgaacagctataccagcaacagcagagcttgaatgagaactatgccaagctctacaagctctatcagagcgagaagcagaccacggaacagcagagggaaaccattaccgctctgagagccgaaaacagctccttaaaggctcaaatcgaagaaagggtacagaaagccgttgagcctctaaaacggcaaattgaggggcttacagagcgtctgcagaatgttgccaagagcattgcttgcatggcaaaggctgtgggaatgctcaaatacgacaaaggggagtacagagcggagctgtcaaagaagcaaggtgaagtggtggacgctgtggcagagtatgccaaaggctggattaagaacactctgggcgagtgtgaacagaccacggaacttcaaacggatatagataagcatgtgagcatttcagagggcataaaacggtttatgtcccccgattatcccgaaatactgtacttcaaaggtggtaaagagggtcgtggattctacgacaaggaaaatcggttctatggaacgctggaaatcatgcccgaactcaagaagcaaggtgttaaaatcatagacccccacgaacttctccctgggaatcgctcaagataa
>gene_2995|TraG family protein
atgaatacaacaccaccacattcaaaaaatgcaggagatttttgggaaaaagcagaaaatgccttattgcaagcattgattgcctatgtgttttttgaaggattagaagaagaaaaaaatatttcaactgttatggatttattaaggcttgcagatgttaaagaagaagacgaagactacgaaagcccattagacatattatttagtgatttgaaaaaagaaaatgaaaatcattttgcagtaaaacaatatgaaatatacaaaaaagcagcagggaagacggcaaaaagtatattgatatcagtaggtgtaagacttgcaccatttaatattaaagatgttgcagatataacaagagaagacaccttagaattagaaaaaataggagataaaaaaacggcattatttatacttatttcagatagcgacacaacattaaatttcttagtagctataatgtatcagcaattattagatactttgttttatagggcagataatatttataatgggagtttaccttacaatgtaatgtttgtacttgacgaattcgccaacataggacaaataccaaattttcaaatttatataagtacaatgagaagtagaaaaatatcagtaatgataatacttcagaatttaaatcaattaaaaaacttatataaaaattcgtgggaaaccataacaggaaattgtgattcacttcttttcttaggtggaaaagagcaaagcacattaaaatatatttctgaaacaataggaaaaacaacaatagattataaatcaataagcgaaaatagaggtacaaatggaagttattcagtaggaaatcaaattattgcaagagatttaataacacctgcagaagtaggattattaaaatcagaagaatgtattttaacaataaggggaataaaaccttttaaaagcaaaaaatacgatatagaaaaacacaaaaattataaattactatcagacagtaataataaaaacatatacaaaagaaagataaacgaaacaaaagaaataaatgttttaaatgaaattgaaaaaataaaagaaataaaagaaatagaattggaggattaa
>gene_17794|Replication protein
atgcaatctttcaacagtaccagtatatcattatcaaacggtgatgtcaatatctccatcggaaaaaatacacatttaaccccgaaatggcagcagaaaaagctgctggctatagaggtatcagaccatataaaggagatatctgacacaggatattacgcaaggagagcgttaaggatggcacaatgcagcaatgaaataatataccagtggtgcagagactgcggacacgtgcagatcttacaagcacgtatgtgcagagataaagtgtgtccgatatgtacatggagattagccctaaaacaatacagtgagatgataggagtactgaaccaatattataatcactatgcggataatacagcaacagaagcgtatttcctcactctgactgtaccgaattgtacaccaaatatgatagaccgtacaatgacggatatggctaaacaatgggataggctcatgcacagagcatttgtaaaaaaacaggtgataggatgggcaaggaaaacggaaatcacatacaacgcagatacaaatacattacaccctcattaccatgttatagtaatagcaaaggacaacccggaatgtatgattgattactggttatcttataatgcagcagcaacgagagcagcccagaatatacagcgtatagataatcatatagacaggcaaacaatagagccagtagatctacatgagatagctgacagcagcatagtaggtgcaatcttagagacatttaagtatacaaccaaatcatctgatatcctgtctatgccagtaagcgtattaagagcataccttaatggcatagatggtaaaagaatgattgcatacggcggtctgataaaggatataagagcattattattatataccgacacagagccagacacagacacagagacagacggtttatgcgtacattgtagtagtcctcaggtggagcatattgctgcagcatggagctttggtagcaatacatatcaacagatcgatctggaaaggagcacactgttaaccgaaacccatatacggaaaatcactacagatgataacactattagttacatattgtaa
>gene_50931|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgccgaagcacatcgacgtgaatcggatgcaggacaatgtgacgttggtggacgtgccgctctggaaagcatacaatgatatttttgggaaagcgatagaagaatataatgctagtcagaaaagagccgaccgcaagtataaaggcactgctcaaacatacttgaaggagattcaagcagagaaaggtgaaatggcgcgcaaggctttttatgagacatttgtgcagatcggtgacagaaaagatacaggtctgcacgactgtgtgaacgaaagaaaagcactactaaaattcatgagggaatttgagaagcgcaatccaaatatgaaagtcataggagcgtacctgcacgctgacgaaaccaacggcacgctgcacgcacacattgattggattcctgttgctactggatacaagagaggctttgcaattcagaacggtcttaagagggctctggaacagcagggctttaccggaaaaagcaaaaaatacaatgcttatttgggatggcaggagagcgaacgacaggcactccgggaaatctgccgggaatttggcatcgagcctgctccttccaaaggggaaaaccgggaatgggtggataaggaaacatatatcgcgcagcaacagctgaaggaagcgcaagaacaggcttcggaagcgtttcggaacgctgttgactatgaattaaaagaaaaagaatacatgaaagaaatcgatgcagccgtgaaagaacgtgaagcgaaactagcttctctggagacgccggaggcggttctgaatattgagccgaagacagtgatgggtggcgttaaattatcccgagaagattgggaattggtgaaaaattacgccgatcaggcggctgtagcgatacagtacggcgacttaatgcaagacaaggtggaggaattggagcaagagctggagctgctacgccaaaataattccttaaattcgcgcgaaaagctcgcagaacaggaaaaggaacttaactattaccgggcgcttgaaaagcgttttaaggcagaatttgagcgcctgaaggctatttacgataaagagcaaacaaaagacctgcagcgctga
>gene_43299|protein rep
atgtttaattgtactataaaaaacatcgaaagtcaacaacaagtaggcgaagaactggaaaaggaaatagaaaacatggttgaatctgcataccaaggcagaaaagaagaaactcagcatttagccggaagttatttcagattatcagctaataagcaacttaacatccaattaagacaacgatttagaattaaaatgcaacggacggaagaatgtggaacttggttaaagtttaaaattgataaagttaacaataagattaggttagcaagagcaaatttctgtaaggacagattatgtccaatgtgcaactggcggaggagcttaaagttgtattcgcaattaagcaagattattgattatctcgaaggaaacaattatgtagtaaataacaaacagcggaagatagaatatatttttataactttaaccgttcgcaactgtagcaaagacgaactacaaagcacaattcaagaattactccaagcatttaaaaagctgacaagaaagactaaatttagaaaagcctttaagggatggttccggtcgttagaaattaccagaaataaaaacctaattgagcaaggtttagaatttcacccacacattcacctgcttgctgctgtcgatgagaaggaatatttcaataatcgaaataacctttatataacatcatacgaattgcgtcaaatgtgggcggattgtcttaaaataccgaacgatagtgattatcgtaaaaacttacaggttgatatgcgaaaagttaaactatttgataataaaacaagcaccgaagaaatagcaaagcagcacgcacttagagaattaagtaagtatgtagccaagtcaaccgattatattaatcttgccaatatcatagatatggatgaaacagtcttaactttaactaattctctttatagaaaacagttaattggatttggtggaatcttttcaaaaatcagaaagcaacttaaattaaccgatgttgagcggggaaagttagaagatgaagaagaaataagacttgatttagcaagctgttttatttcttatcgctttaaaaacggaaagtacgtcaaaatataa
>gene_6071|Rep protein
ttgattgaatttggatatggaaaaagccctcccagtattaccggaacggctgtttcctgctctgatatacatgatactttggtcggtattcatgatatcagaaataatggaaatggtcaagactccggtaatatgctgtctgaactatcagaattatctaacaagtttcagcctaaaaagagtgatgctatattactctctgaatcttataaaaggttaggctattttgataagtctcagagagtatataattgcgggtcttttttatcatttcggcatgaaatatatgatgatggttctatttctgattctggtcaattatatcgtgctaatttttgcagggataggctctgccctgtttgctcttggagacgtagcttaaagattttcgggcaagtatcactatgtattgatgttatgcaaaagaaatataaatttctttttcttactcttacagttcgtaactgtttgccctctgaactgtctaaatgcgtttctgagctgttttacagctggagtaaactaagaaaacttaaaagatttaaaaagtctatattgggttattttagggtacttgagattaccagaaataatagtcaaggcacatatcatccccattttcatgttattcttgttgtttctaattcttattcccctttttcagatagttatattcctcattctgaatggctcaatatgtggcgaaaatgttgtaatgattattctatttctcaggtcaatattaaattttgtaaagctaacatagatggtaattattcttccagtgttgctgaagttgctaagtattctgtaaaatcttctgatttccttagtaatgaatctaatattactgataatattgtatttgatttttataatgctttgtctgggcatcggctcgcccaattcggcggagtattccgagaaatacatcatgatttacaactcgatgattatgaaagtggtgatttgattaacgtctccgataaactaaatccacttgtaaattatatgatatgccattataaatggagctccggcgtatataagataattggtgctgatttagttaatggaggtgtttag
>gene_35266|MobA/MobL family protein
gtggtggcaaatgtggcaatctatcatttaagcatcaagcatatgagtaggagtaatggaaagagtgcggtggcaagttccgcttatcgagcaggagaaaagctggaagaaaaggaaacgggaaagacgcatgactacacacgaaaaagcggagtggtgcataacgaagttatgttaccgaaccatgcaccgaaagaatatcagaatagagaagtgctgtggaatgaagtacagaaagtggaaaagcaaagcaatgccagacttgcaagagagattgaagttggacttccgaaagaaatgtcgagggagcaacagatacaatgcgtgagagattatgtgcagaacaactttgtaaaagagggaatgtgtgcagatgtagctctccatgataagggagacggaaaccctcatgctcacattatgctgaccacaagaggaattaaggaaaatgggaagtgggattcaaaagaacggagagttttgaaacttgatgaaaacggagaaagaatccctgtaatagataaagaaacaggcttgcagaagataagggatagaggaaaaaaggggattgagtatgtttgggaaagagaaacggtaaaggcgaacaactggaatgacaagagcaaaatagaagagtggagaaaagcgtgggcggaagagtgcaacaagtatctatcacaggagcagaaaatcgaccacaggagctataccagacaaggcatagaccgagagccgaccatccatgaggggcagaaagcacggaaaatggaacaagagggcgctatctccgaccgttgcgaaattaaccgccaaatcaaagagtacaactctttgcaaaagacggtagcgaatctccaagaaagcagggagaatatcacatcaaaaataaaagagaaaatgagggaaatcaatggacaacttgaacgaatcagagatgactttggaagaaaatttagacgagatgcaagccgtgatgcaagacctatatcagaactggttggaaatggaagtggagaacgagaaactctgtaccgagaacgacaagctcagagcgcaaatcgtgaaactcaatgcggagaacgacaggttgaatggagaaaacgagaagttgaacaaagagaacaacaggctcaaccaagagaatcagttcttgcacgacagggcaatgagcagacaataaaaccaaaaccgcaggaacaagctaaaatggacactattccaacagaggaacaaatgctggataaactctatgaggactataaaaaagcatacaaagagtatgacgaggcgataagtcgagagtgcagttgcggtttccttgaatggaagaagaaaaaagagtgcaaagcggaaacggagagaaccagacaaaagctgggtggaattgaaaatgagctggcaaaatacggaatccagagagaatatggtgaagaacgaataaaaagagtgggtgagcatgtccagtggaagaaacgggaaattcgggaacaggcggaaaggaaagagaggaatgaaagaagaccgaatcataacgtgaaagatatggacgaaaggctgaacaaagctaaggaagagcaggcaagacgaaaagacaaggcgaaaaaacaggaaaaaaccagaggtgccggcttttcacggggaagataa
>gene_54288|Replication initiation protein REP
atgttggcgcatctaacggcttcccctgctgtggtgtcctgttctcttgacggtgaacattataccacaaaaaacgcagtttgtcaagatgatgtgcgtaatatgtgttgtgagtgtatcgagcttgataccaaatttgcatctaagcgcatttcctctttgcttttatctgcttcttatgcccgacttgatgaagtctcaaaggctcaacgggttgcagattgtggcactttccttgagtttgctcatgctattgatgctgatggcgtaatgagtgaaaaaggcaaactacataccgccaatttttgccgagatagactttgcccgatgtgctcttggcgtcggtcttataaaatcttcggtcaagtatcgcaaatcatgtcccgcattggtggcaagtataaatttattatgctgacgctcaccgttccgaattgtgcccct
>gene_54285|Protein rep
aggctctcagagaccgtacaacggctttttggtgcttggggtaagctgatacgccgtaaagccttcaaaatggctgtacagggctatttcagagccttagaggttactcgcaacaagaagaacggaacatatcacccgcatttccattgcattcttgctgttcctctggattatgccgaaagtgatttatatatcgctcgtgatgaatggctcaagatgtggcgcaagtgctaccaagacgaaagcattatttctcttgatgtcagaatggcaaagggaaaaaatgctgatactgaaaattgcgttgaagctctttcttccgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatattcggttaagtcctcggactatctcatcaaggacgatgaagcattgaccgatgatattgtttctcggctttcttctgctctttggcatcgtcggctttctcaatttgtcggtgtctttcaagaagtcgctcaggatctgaagcttgatgatgcagaagatggcgatctcgttcacctcaccgacaaaatagatccgtcgcttgcctatatgattgttcgctatggctggagtaccggagcttacaaaatgcttgatagttatatcaagctgccggaaagcggggtgaatgaatga
>gene_28269|Rep protein
atgttggcgcatctaacggcttcccctgctgtggtgtcctgttctcttgacggtgaacattataccacaaaaaacgcagtttgtcaagatgatgtgcgtaatatgtgttgtgagtgtatcgagcttgataccaaatttgcatctaagcgcatttcctctttgcttttatctgcttcttatgcccgacttgatgaagtctcaaaggctcaacgggttgcagattgtggcactttccttgagtttgctcatgctattgatgctgatggcgtaatgagtgaaaaaggcaaactacataccgccaatttttgccgagatagactttgcccgatgtgctcttggcgtcggtcttataaaatcttcggtcaagtatcgcaaatcatgtcccgcattggtggcaagtataaatttattatgctgacgctcaccgttccgaattgtgcccctgagaggctctcagagaccgtacaacggctttttggtgcttggggtaagctgatacgccgtaaagccttcaaaatggctgtacagggctatttcagagccttagaggttactcgcaacaagaagaacggaacatatcacccgcatttccattgcattcttgctgttcctctggattatgccgaaagtgatttatatatcgctcgtgatgaatggctcaagatgtggcgcaagtgctaccaagacgaaagcattatttctcttgatgtcagaatggcaaagggaaaaaatgctgatactgaaaattgcgttgaagctctttcttccgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatattcggttaagtcctcggactatctcatcaaggacgatgaagcattgaccgatgatattgtttctcggctttcttctgctctttggcatcgtcggctttctcaatttgtcggtgtctttcaagaagtcgctcaggatctgaagcttgatgatgcagaagatggcgatctcgttcacctcaccgacaaaatagatccgtcgcttgcctatatgattgttcgctatggctggagtaccggagcttacaaaatgcttgatagttatatcaagctgccggaaagcggggtgaatgaatga
>gene_55327|protein rep
gttactcgcaacaagaagaacggaacatatcacccgcatttccattgcattcttgctgttcctctggattatgccgaaagtgatttatatatcgctcgtgatgaatggctcaagatgtggcgcaagtgctaccaagacgaaagcattatttctcttgatgtcagaatggcaaagggaaaaaatgctgatactgaaaattgcgttgaagctctttcttccgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatattcggttaagtcctcggactatctcatcaaggacgatgaagcattgaccgatgatattgtttctcggctttcttctgctctttggcatcgtcggctttctcaatttgtcggtgtctttcaagaagtcgctcaggatctgaagcttgatgatgcagaagatggcgatctcgttcacctcaccgacaaaatagatccgtcgcttgcctatatgattgttcgctatggctggagtaccggagcttacaaaatgcttgatagttatatcaagctgccggaaagcggggtgaatgaatga
>gene_858|Rep protein
atgttggcgcatctaacggcttcccctgctgtggtgtcctgttctcttgacggtgaacattataccacaaaaaacgcagtttgtcaagatgatgtgcgtaatatgtgttgtgagtgtatcgagcttgataccaaatttgcatctaagcgcatttcctctttgcttttatctgcttcttatgcccgacttgatgaagtctcaaaggctcaacgggttgcagattgtggcactttccttgagtttgctcatgctattgatgctgatggcgtaatgagtgaaaaaggcaaactacataccgccaatttttgccgagatagactttgcccgatgtgctcttggcgtcggtcttataaaatcttcggtcaagtatcgcaaatcatgtcccgcattggtggcaagtataaatttattatgctgacgctcaccgttccgaattgtgcccctgagaggctctcagagaccgtacaacggctttttggtgcttggggtaagctgatacgccgtaaagccttcaaaatggctgtacagggctatttcagagccttagaggttactcgcaacaagaagaacggaacatatcacccgcatttccattgcattcttgctgttcctctggattatgccgaaagtgatttatatatcgctcgtgatgaatggctcaagatgtggcgcaagtgctaccaagacgaaagcattatttctcttgatgtcagaatggcaaagggaaaaaatgctgatactgaaaattgcgttgaagctctttcttccgcagttgcagaaatagcgaaatattcggttaagtcctcggactatctcatcaaggacgatgaagcattgaccgatgatattgtttctcggctttcttctgctctttggcatcgtcggctttctcaatttgtcggtgtctttcaagaagtcgctcaggatctgaagcttgatgatgcagaagatggcgatctcgttcacctcaccgacaaaatagatccgtcgcttgcctatatgattgttcgctatggctggagtaccggagcttacaaaatgcttgatagttatatcaagctgccggaaagcggggtgaatgaatga
>gene_37727|Replication protein RepB
atggctcgattaaagggcgaaaacgaagaaatcacgggaaaacttgacccgaaatattgggtgcagaagtctgacccccttgtgcttatgcgttccgttccgtttacgctgggcgaattgaagatactcgatacctacatcagccgtatcaatgcagcagacgatacacgacgcacggttatcttcaccaaagaggagtatgaggagcttatggggctgacctgtgttgactatcgaacgctgaaaaagcatacaggcggaatgcttggtaaggtcgttaccctcgaaatgcccaacaaggagtatatgcaattcgttctctttgagcaagctcgataccacaaggacgaatacggcaagcccattatcgagctgacttgcaccacacttgcaaaagacctgtttttctgtatcggcaagtatcacttcttcaagtatgccctcgaaaatgtaatcaacctaacccacaaagcaagctatctgctgtatatctatgttctgcataatcgctatcggggcgaatgggacgtgagccttgacgagctgcgtgataccgttcttgactgtaaagggcaagagtcatatcaagaatacaaggtctttaagcgtgatgtactcgtacctgccgtaaaagaggtcaataagaaaacaaattgtcattttgagtatgaagctgtgaagcgtgggcggtgggttgttaaaatcaagtttatttatcattcccagcaacttctagtcgatgatgtagcgaattctattcctgtagagaatgacgaatctgaaatagattgggaacagttctacggttcagagcaacttgcaattcttgcagaaggatgtgcttatgagtttaacaaagaagaaatggaacagatttcacgtgtgttagtgcgtattcatattccgaaagaccaaatgtctggaagccaaatatttggaaaacaattctatcttcgagaaaaatatgcagcattgaatgcagaagcagcaaagaaagctaaaaacaatgaaaagcctattcggaatcgatttaagtattttctcaaaatgctagaagatgatgcttttcagccagcagcatattag
>gene_56471|Protein rep
atgcattattattttaacacagatttatcaaaaatgcaagagaaaaagaaactttctcttgcggtcgcgaaaaagctttacgctgtagggcttttcaaaacctcatcgaatattatgaactgcgcgaattacgcggtacgcgtcacttgccccgattgcggcgaaacacagcacatcaatctattatattgcagggaaaggctctgtccgctttgtcaatataagcgaagtctgaagataaaacacaatacgatggatatagtgcaccgtgtagaagaggttcacagcgacattcagtatttatttataaccttaactatgcgaaattgctatgctgaagagctacagcaggctatcagcgcggagcttgctgcatgggagaagctcaccgacaaaaggaagcgatttaagaaaatctgcagggggtatatccgtactttagaagtaacatataattctgacaatcacacataccacccgcatttacatgttattatggccgtgtctaatgattattttactaaccccgatttatacctatcacataacgatattgcagaacaatggcgtactgcaatgaaattaacataccgcccaattatagacgtgcgggccataactaaagaggggcagagggtgctcctcgatgcgggcgaagatgtaaacgaagatattattataaaaaagcttaatgcgcgagagctgcaatatgaacacgcggtatcagaggtttgcaaatatgccgtgaagttcaactatgaaaaagccccaagtgtagcgctcaaaacactatacgaagccttacacggccgccgtttgatttcatatggtggtatcttcagacttgcgaaacaagagctgcaaatccccgatgaagaaaatgtttcaccggatgaagatttaagtgtattggaaaacggcatctgcaacagctgcgcgggctcggagttaatgtttgagttattaagattcgatgcaggcgcatcagtatacagtagaatcgcaacagctgcggaactcccgcagcttgccgaaaaaacatattataatatcaaaggagagtataactatgatgacgatttataa
>gene_36952|Mobilization protein
atgtcgtttagttacagttttcacttatcaagcaagggacacgccgtgagcacggtcacaaaaatcggccagatttctcgacacaacttaagagactatgagtctgccgattacgacaagacaaatattaaaatcttagccggtaatgataagtcgattttgcaaagcgtaaaagaaatctaccaccaggaatttgatgatgcactgaaaaaatataatgccgggaaaagaatggatcggcagatcgatgactatttaaagcatgtatctgacaaaaagtctgatgtaggcgcggaaatcatcatccagatcggggataaggacttttggaacgatataagcaagcctgaccagaaaaaactggatgggctcttccagaagcagctgctggaacttcaaaagcttgttccagagtttaaaattgcatcagcagtgatccactacgatgaatcaagcccgcacatgcatgttgtaggtgtaccggtgtcggatggattctcacgtggtcttgaaaaacaagtcagtaaaacaagggtattcacaccagaacggttaagcatgctccaggataagatgcgagaacatgccaaagaatgcatgcttgattatccggatatatttggcaacaagcaattagctgataaacagaccggacggaataaggatctgccgaagcagagtcttaatgaatactatgccctggaagccgatctgaacaaaaagagggcggatctgcacaaggtagacgctataacgcatttattgagtcagaaaggcgaaaatccgatccacgtgcagaatttaaccgtgccggcaaaaaaatcgtttttagggcatatagacgagcctgagaagcaaggaacgtttgttgctgaccttgataaggagcaagtgaaagctctgatcagacggtcaagggttgatgatggtctcgaaagtgtctttgatcagacacaggaacgttgtaacgctattcttgcaagagctcatgcagatgcgaaagaaatccgggcagaagcgactgtggaacgaaatgaaacagttgcaaaagcccaggagattgtaaatcagcagcatacaatcattcagcaggcaagagcttgggctgatgcgctcaaaaagaagtataaagagcttgtagacaagtttaacgagcttttacgcagaaaagacagcctggaacacgaaattgcaaaaatcgaatcttctagggctgatttagagcctttgcgcaaggaagtcgcagaacttgaaaggtccaaacgcatattgtccggagaattggatcacgaaatcacaaaaacaaaatttaaggaatggcgtaaaatgccatcgggtgcaagttattcagactaccgcaaccgtggagagcttatagccttgtatggcgatggatctatacgacaggttggcagtaacgaaaacggaggatttgattataaaactctcgaagatgaacagaatggtctctgcagagttggtgtgatgatgcaagaggaacatgttactgttccaaagtctttgttgcgtgaactcattacaaagcgagatcttgataaaccaatcagtaaaaacttgtcaaacttgatacaacaacaggctgatctgcagagaacagagacaagattttttgatcatagcagataa
>gene_32274|Mobilization protein
atgtcgtttagttacagttttcacttatcaagcaagggacacgccgtgagcacggtcacaaaaattggccagatttctcgacacaacttaagagactatgagtctgccgattacgacaagacaaatattaaaatcttagccggtaatgataagtcgattttgcaaagcgtaaaagaaatctaccaccaggaatttgatgatgcgctgaaaaaatacaatgtcgggaaaagagcagaccggcagatcgatgactatttaaagcatgtatccgacaaaaagtctgatgtaggtgcggagataattatacagatcggggataaggacttttggagcgatataagcaagtctgatcagaaaaaactggatgggctcttccagaagcaattaaatgaacttcaaaagcttgttccagagtttaagattgcatcagccgtgatacattatgatgaatcaagcccgcacatgcatgttgtaggtgttccggtgtcggatggattctcacgtggtcttgaaaaacaggtcagtaaaacaagggtattcacaccagaacggttaagcatgctccaggataagatgcgagaacatgccaaagaatgcatgcttgattatccggatatatttggcaatcggcaattagctgataaacagaccggacggaataaggatctaccgaagcagagtcttaatgaatactatgccctggaagccgatctgaacaaaaagagggcggatctgcacaaggtagacgctataacgcatttattgagtcagaaaggcgaaaatccgatccacgtgcagaatttaaccataccggcaaaaaaatcgtttttagggcatatagacgagcctgagaagcaaggagcgtttgttgctgaccttgataaggagcaagtgaaagctctgatcagacggtcaagggttgatgatggtctcgaaagtgtctttgatcagacacaggaacgttgtaacgctattctttcaagagctcatgcagatgcaaaagaaatccgggcagaagcgactgtggaacgaaatgaaacagttgcaaaagcccaggagattgtaaatcagcagcatactatcattcagcaggcaagagcgtgggctgatgcgctcaaaaagaagtataaagagcttgtagacaagtttaacgagcttgtacacagaaaagacagcctggaacacgaaattgcaaaaatcgaggcttctagggctgatttagagcctttgcgcaaggaagtcgcagaacttgaaaggtccaaacgcatattgtccggagaattggatcacgaaattacaaaaacaaaatttaaggaatggcgtaaaatgccatcgggtgcaagttattcagactaccgcaaccgtggagagcttatagccttgtataacgatggatctatacgacaggttggcagtaacgaaaacgggggctttgattataaaactctcgaagatgaacagaatggtctttgcagagttggtgtgatgatgcaagaggaacatgttactgttccaaagtctttgttgcgtgaactcattacaaagcgagatcttgacaaaccaatcagtaaaaacttgtcaaacttgatacaacaacaggctgatctgcagagaacagagacaagatcttttgatcatagcagataa
>gene_39272|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
aaaacgaagaacgtcacttcatacagcgaagcggaatgcaaagaaaagctcgagaagctgaaagaagaatgcggcagcatccgccacaaggtaagtcccgatatgcccttcggcgaatggatcgacctttggtttcagacgtattcgaagaatacgatccgtgccaccacacaggcgggatacgaaatgcggatctaccggcatatcattcccgagatcggaacgatcccgctgaacaagctgacgcagaacgatcttcagcagttttatgcccggcagaaaagcaatgggcggctttatcagagagagcactacggtcccgagctatccgaccgtatgatacgcgggatccatgcttcctgccgaatggctctggaaaaggcaaaagaggacgggctgatcttcaagaatcccgccgtcggatgcaagatcccgccgaaaaaggcaaaggaaatgcaggtgctgacgcacgaagaaaccgataaaggatgcggaaagtgcgcatacgacctatggaaattctattcggacgggacgtttccgacgcgtcagaagaacgacgcggactattatctgcgcctttcctccgatctcggatacgctcccgggcaggtccggttcggaaaggaactgctggaaaagaacagagagatggcgaaaaatctttttgaaaatgcctattcacagggcaatgttcaggcagcgtatctgctcgggaaaatgcttctggaggacggagataccgacaaagccctcgactatctgtgcgaaacgtcggagcagagcgacctttacaaataccggtacgcgctcctgtgttactacaaattcggtgacaaagagctctgtaacgaactgctgaccgagctttcaaacgtcggctatgcccctgcgaaaaaggcgttacaggcgatacggagcggacgaaatatgcagatcgtctcgggcattgccaatcttttcgcgtacgccgggaatcttttcatcagaaaaacgcccgtgttcgacgaagatgatgacatcgacaaggagcttcggaacgagatccgtcaggtcaaaaacggcgaaccggtactgtccatgtga
>gene_27067|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggaaatgcatttaggtgtaagtgtaattggcaagggccaaaagggaagaacggcctgtggatcttctgcctaccgtgcgtgtgatcgagtagaagatctggccgggcgtgttcacgattaccggcacaaagccggctatgtagcaggtggcattgagctacctgaaggcgcacctgcagaactgctcgaccggcaaaccctttggcgccggcacgaatcaaaagatatccggaaggacgccgagctgttccgggaagtgacagttgcgctgcccaatgaattggactacgatgctgcagctgatgttatgcggaaattggcaaagccattaactgatcgagggatgtgtgtgcaatgggatatccatgacacaaccaataaggggcagagaaaccttcatgcccatatgatggtcacgatgaggacgctacaagaagatggcacgtttggcaaaaaagataggtcttggaataaatacaacgggggaatgaatctcgctgacgtccttcgtccagaagctgcacggttgatgaatgaggagcttgccaagatcggcagctctaagagggtggaacacgagagttttgcagctcggggaattgataaaattccgaccaggcacgttggtgttgcggctacagccatggagcgcaagtacggcattaaaacagaaaagggaaaccggaaccggtacatcgattggctaaatcagatccacgcggaaaacctgcgccaggttgaaacacagacgcaatctggcagcttggaagacttgatcgccggcgccagggcaaagaagggcggtaatgaggcgtttaaggattgggacgcattgtttgctatgctgcgtgatacacgccgatgcagagctgctatgacccgagaattgggcaagctcagcaaggtagcctctgcttttgaggaaggaaacgacagttatcttcggtgggccggctgtgatccaaacagtgaaacccagcgccttctggtacagaccatgcagaatgagctcagaatccaaattaagcaaatggatatcactgaagaatggctgctggacagcaaggatctatacaaggcc
>gene_34137|recombinase
gtgcatatagaaaaagcaaaatcctcgcaggttatcggatacatactgcacgatactcgtgcctgcgagaaccatacaaacgaaaagatagatccagccaaagctgaattgaactacaacctggtagaaggctctcctctggagaacttcaacagacgaatggaacaggttttcatgcgtaagaataagaacgccaatgcactggccatgtttaccacaacccttccgaaggacttcccttcagaacgctccgaagagttcttcagagcctgccacagattctactgtgacaaattcggagaagaaaacatcatcagtgatatggttcatagagacgaaacaaccgaacatatgcataccaagctgattccggtctatttcaacgaaaaaaaacaaagggatacagtgagttttgataaagtgattaatcgaaacgtctacagaagcatccacaaggaccttcagaggcatctcgaaagggaatttggttttgaggttcacatattaaacggtgctactgcaggcggaaacaagacgatccaggaactcaaggctgaagaaattaagaaaaagaacaatctgctgcaggcagaaaatgatgctcttcaagaaaaaaccaatcttctagaagatgaaatctttgatttaaaacaagaaatcgataatttaagaacaactcaacatgtttatcagcaacgtaatgatgagcttgcagatgaaattgagcaaaaaaaagaagatttgcaacttcttaagtgcgaagatgagtatctgcaagaatacaattacgctagaacgcttttagagcgcattagagacgcgtttgatagtttctatagtaaagttacctatttgaactttaacaagcaaaaagaggcgttttttgacgctctagagcaatctcttgataaattcatgtctagcattaagaaattaatagtttatgaagattatcattcaatacctgcagaagagcaactatcaagaaaattagatatagatagtcagataaagtcgtcagatgatattagatcaacacgaaattctagtaagacgaataaaaaaattaaagaaaaagaaagatag
>gene_33948|Initiator RepB protein
atgccgaaacgtagcaaactcccaataattttcgattatgaagggatgggcacaaatccaagtaatgcagagatacagaaagcaagaccgttacaatcactttcagaaacagatttaacactttcagagtttaagatacttgacgcatatcttgcaagaataaacagtcatgacccagataaacgtacagttcagcttgaaaaaggtgagcttgaaaaggttcttggtgttagtgagataaagcaagatgacttaaataagcgtttacggcacttgtttcaagttatcgaggtaaaggatgaaagtaaacgtaaaggttttaagctcatcaatttgttcgaagaagctgatgcagaacaggacaaagatggtctttggcaaataacattgacttgtactccatcagctcgtgagtatgtttttaatattgacaatgtcgggtatctgcggtatcgtcttaaaaacgtgataaatcttacatcacggtatagctatgtgctgtttctgtatttgcttgataatcgttttcgcaaatcatggtgtattgaccttgcagatttaaaagccttgcttacttgcaatgctgatagatataaacaattcaagttttttaatgcggaaatactaaaaaaatgtcatagagagttatgcgaaaagactgacatcaattttgattataagcctataaaacgtggaaggtctgtatctgctgttgaatttaccgtcaatacgattaatgacgggctggaagaacaacttcattctgagcatctaaaccttgatgatacatcccaaaacaatgagtttatagagcaaaatatagattctagtgaaccaattgaaattgattacggttcggagttaagtaatttgttggggaatgctgcctgcgataatgaattttctatcgagcaagttcgagttctgcaagacctcgttctgaaagcggctcatacacatgaccatatcgaaatgtgcaattacttaatcgcaaaagtgcacaaaatgaacgtgtatgctcctcaaaaagaaaaaagattctcctatctttgttctatgatagaaaatgaaatcaaggaataa
>gene_34354|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_17976|Replication initiation protein REP
atggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_33167|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_53885|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_17980|Replication protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccac
>gene_52987|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_34911|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_55335|Replication initiation protein REP
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_120|Replication protein
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaac
>gene_36663|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_36049|Replication initiation protein REP
tctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_51567|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_26908|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_19501|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_116|Rep protein
cgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_15752|Rep protein
atgcgtccagaaaaagaaaaccccctgatcgacgagagcttggcggcagagtcgaaacaggggggggatgatgctgcgggcttgcccagtcggttgacccgctactctcgggcgcatcatcgtgcggtcgagatggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_33551|Replication initiation protein REP
atggccgattatctcagcgaagcgggcgaagtcaagctcgggcgcaatctcgcgctgtgcgggcactacctgctgttccgggactactacaccgtgggcaaggtccggttgcacgccgccaagttctgccacaaacatctgctgtgtccgctttgcgcgattcggcggggtgcacgcatggtcaaggcgtacatggatcgtctggccgtcatcaaggccgagaacccacgcctcaaggcctacctggtcaccttcaccgtcaaggatggtcctgacctgtccgagcggttcgcccatctgcatagcagcctgacacgtctacacaagacccggcacggcaagggccagtggtccgaggcgcgcaaggctgctggcgcggtctggtcttacgagttcaagcgaggtcagggcagcggggcatggcatccgcacgtacatgcggtctggctttgcgaggatgcgccggacatgtacaagttgcgcgccgagtgggaggcgatcaccggcgactcgttcatggtcgatgtgcgtcccttccacgaccaggacgacgtgctgaacggcttccttgaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcgcggacctgtcgcttgatgacgcatggcacggctaccagacgctgtctggtcggcggctgattgcctcgttcggcgcgttccgcggcgtcgatgtccccgaggatctgaccgatgaaggcctcgatgacctgccctacgtcgagttgctctatcgcttcgtgcggggcgcgggctacagcttcagcgaggatgggccagcccatgagcgaagcatgccgcctgatccggttaggcgggcctccaagcgcgttttgccctcaccccgtagggatgccttacccgacccgaaaaaaccgcactggcggcctcctatcgatcctgagcggtatgcgcgggcgaagggcgacggctga
>gene_16647|Rep protein
aagctcccacttatcgggcctctgccattcgacgcaggttttgacccggaaacaggcgaagaaattgaaccgattcgccctctggtctggggcaaggaatacatcaggcatgcgcccggggatgtcgcctttttgactctcaccatcaagcacacccgaaaggacgcactcgaggacttatgggcttccgtatccgaagcttggaaacgaaccacccgcggaaattggatgctcaaaaccaaggttcctgcctacattcgatcggcagaaatcactgcgggaaagaacggcttccacttacacctgcatgtgctgcttttcgtcgaaaagggcttcgccaaagagctggttaaggtcagaaaatccatcttcgactcatgggcaaaagcagtaaaagcactgggcttcagtgccctcgccaaggctcaagacttgcgcttccagcctgatcaggacgaagaagaccttgcttgcaagcttgctcaatacacgacgaagcagtcctcgaagtgggatctcgcacttgagctcaacggcgccctgctcaaaagggctggcggtggaaacttgaccccccggcagatgcttgcagttctgcatgcgcactcgacaggcgttgaaaccgacttcaacgagagcgagatttcacgcttgcgggcgctttacatggaatttgaattggcttcgcacggaaagcgtcagctgacatggagtgctggagctaaaaagggattcctggtggatgaggttgaggatgagcagctggctgaaacgctcgatgatgatgaccaagaaattatcgacgaccttgaccagggcacaaccgaaatcgccggtttcccgggtgcgtcctggcgatacgcaagacagctccgaagccagattcaatacgctgccgaaactagcgcacctgaccaagtcgcagattcactgcgtgcagtcgttgactcctccgaagacgccatattcattgacttgaagaccggcgtcgactggcaggagcacctcgccaagttcagcaatgacctgctggccgatccaccacgccaaggcaatacatcgcataatacaaacgatcgatga
>gene_41488|Putative replication initiation protein
atgtattgcgaccacccgacgatcgcgattcgtaaggccggaattaatccggctacgaatcattgttacaggccttttcggttttactactatcaagacaagaagtcccataaggccgcggatgattttttcgtccgtcaatatttttatctgcaggatcaagcaaagttagaaggcaacgaggtactggtattgccttgttgtaaatgtttactttgcatccaatccaaacggcgtgaatgggcttgccgttgtattaatgaggctcagatgtccggtggtggaactttcctcaccttgacatgttccgatgattctcagcctcgtacctttcctggtgattcgctttctcatcgtccctggcaacttttcatgaagcgtttaaagaagtctcgtcagttgatcgacattcaaactggtttgccgacaaatgtctgtcggttttacatgtgcggcgagtatggcgagagatcttctcgtcctcattatcatgcgcttcttttcggtgtccattttcctgattggaaatgggtcggtagatctgattcaggcatggacctttatacttcgccgttgttggatcgtcttcgttatgacgaagatacgaaacaagaaatctttggtcctgtttcaaattttagcgagatctcgccttatgatatttcctataccgttggttatgttgataagaagcttggtcgatcggatccgaaggcgtacaagatgcgtggtgtttctcctgagtatgttcgaatgtctcgtaggcccggcattggtctttcatggcttgaaaagtatcacggagacgtttggaagttttataacgatcaatgtattttcgaaggtgtgcgcgctacttctgattttaagtaccaggttccacggtattattttgataagtctaaaatcaccgggttgatttctacggatgaatgtgatatgattactgcgcaacgaagaggtcgggtctctgagttgtcatccgatccaggctttatgcttgaatctctgaaaagggcccatgacagatgtgctatcaaagagcacgatctaaaagtcattaaagcgccccgccagttctaa
>gene_54678|Protein rep
atgtggtattatgtttcttgtcagagaaaaccaaataccacagaaaggagaattacttttttgcaatcctcaatctttaaacagaataacagatttaaaaacatttgtcaacagattttagatactagtcacgtgacacctagtggagagattcttgttgatattgataaaaagggcgaagaaagaccttggcaagagaaaaaggagcgcaatatgaaattggcggagatttacgcatatgtagacccatcaaagcaactgcggcttgtagattgtggcaaatttttagagtttaaactattttctgacggctctaagaaacttcattccatgacttcatgccgtgttagattgtgccctatttgcgcatggagacgctctttaaaaacattttacaacaacattcgtattgtaaattacttgaaagaaaaacataattatgaatttattttccttaccttaacggtaaggaattgttggggtcatgaattaaaacagacccttgactggctggatgaatctgtacaccgaatgtatgagcgcccagaatggaaaaaggctgtaaaaggcgcctgccgctgtgtggaagttactcacaacttaaagaaagatagtccttggtatgattcttttcacccacatatacactacatgatagcggtaaacaaatcttactggaagaaaaattatttatcttttcagaaatggcgggatttatggattagctgtactgggattgattacatacccgatatcaaggtaaataagtgctacggaacttctgcaaaagctattgcagagtgttcaaagtacgctacaaaagatacagaatatgttataccaggagagtggaatctctctgtaaaaactgttgcgcttctggatgaagtacttgctaatcggcgcatgcttacatacactggctgctttagagccgctaagcgaatacttaagcttgaagatgaagaaaacggcagtctggtaaacgtaggtgaagacgatgacgagaaaatcgaacttgattttgtaaagcagacttattgttggtattctgggtacaagcaatatgtaagcattgattaa
>gene_6632|RepA-like protein
atgtttaatgagatagaagaacgagccaaaaggtttgaaaaactgtataaagcgcaaagaataatatatgggcataaggacttgaaccatcataaattattaaagtgttttagatggcaaataccaatgacacatggaaaagtaaacgtagaatatttagtaaatgcggggaaagctcaatataataatctgatgttatgtgatagtgtctggttatgtccagtatgcagttataaaatactgggaaagcgggcggaggagatacgcaagggggctgaatgggctataaatcaagggtatagcttagtcatgctcacatttacacactcacaccataaaggcgaagcactggaagaactagccgaaaagcataagaaagcattatcaaagtttagggcaggaaaagcgggaaaatcgctaagggaaaagattggatttattggaagaataaccagtaatgaagtaacctatggcgataacggatggcattaccatagtcatgtgctttacatagtttctgacgctgataaggtgaaggataacgaaataaatttaaaactaagatggatgaagatgttaagagaaaatggattaaaggcttcatctgataatgggttaaatttcctatattgcgaaaatgaagatataggcggatatatgagtaaatggggaattgataaagagcttgcgggcggaaataagaaggatggaggaaaaagcccatttgaactattagaggataaaaaagattaccatttatttttagaatatgccttgtattttggaacacataaaagagatagaataagatggtttaacggattaaagaaaaaggcaggaatagaggaaaagaccgataaggaaataacggaacttaccgaagaagaaaagaatgatattaagatagtaattgctattggaatagataactggaaactggtatgtaaaaaagggtatcaagcgaaggttttagagttgatagaaaggcaaaaaggcggtgtagacctgcttaatagatggcttataagtataggtgggtcaacggaatatgaagaatggggagtattcaatatagttgcgtaa
>gene_43856|Mob protein
atggcacacattgacaaatacacacgtttgcaggttcatgccttattggatcatgatatgcgaaccattccaaaccacactaacgagaacattgatccggctcgttctgattccaataagaatcttcttcataacaatccgtggatcacttactgtcagcgaattgaccaggtcaaagttctgaacagaaaggatgtcaacgttcttgcagctgtcactatcactcttccaaatgatgtcaaatcatcagaccaggataagttctttcaaagctgtctggagttcattcagaatgactttggaagtgaaaatgttgtatcagctattgttcataacgatgaaacaactccacacattcacatcaaagcaattccggtggttcatgatccaaacaaaaacattgataaagtgaattttaaaaagaaatgtgatcgcagctattatcagacatttcatcagcgccttgatgcgcgaatcacaaccgtgcttgaatacaaagtttccattttgaatggtggaacggtggataaagatatgtctgtcagccagctcaaagcattgaccgctgttgaacaagctaaaaaattggaacaaatggcggtccagaatcaggatccagtttcaaaaaagccaccagttcacgtgctgggacacggaaatatgattgattatgaatcatacagtaacgcgattgatgaattaaatcgcgaaaaggctttgaataaaccacttaaagatgataatcgttcgcttgaatttgagcttaaagcacaaaataaggcgaatagagagattttacgcgataccgactggcttaaacacgctgatttaataaattctctacaatcaaccgtaaacagccttaaaaacgaggtccagaatctcaaaaatgcgctatccaacatggaatggtacaagaatttctatgattttttcatcagaatgatgtcctctgtctttaaaaaagacgaaaaattgggcaattatctgcttgatgaactaaatcatcctgatgatcaattggtatttgatgacataaaaggcgaattaaacgaccagacaaacgacatagagttataa
>gene_21171|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgaaagctcgtgcgaagaatccgaatgcgtatgcgaatatcgacgttagcaagacgggagataacgtcgtgctggtggggtgctctgacatacgaagtgcgtttaacagggcttttgcttcggctgtggacgagtacaacgcagggcagcgggcgaagggtaagcctgggcggcaaatcgtggactactaccaatcgtgcaaggacaacaagaagctgggggattttatcgcagaggatgttattcagtttggcagtcgtgatgattgtccgagtgagagtgaagcggtcgatatgctgggggaattcttcgagaagtggcaggaggagaaccctaaccttcacgttttgtatgccgtgattcaccttgacgaagcgacaccccaccttcacctctgttattgcggtaagacgcgatctagcaggggtttatctgaaagaacgggttttaccccagcttacgaaggccagtacggcaaatctgcgaagggtgagaaaactgcacgtaagaagcaccatgagcatgatatgagcttattggagagcgtgcttgaacgtcatggtcacaaacgcaaagtgatgaacaacgacaagaagcatgcagatgtggctaccttcaaggagatagctactcgtgagcaggcttgtgagctgcgagaaaggcaggttgctaaccgtgaatccgagcttgagaggttggcttctagcttggagaagagacgggaagagcttgagtctggactaaatgacgtagaggtcgagcgtgagcgtttggcaaactggacaaaaccgcaggttgaggacgttttggagtgtgtgccaacggctgtccttgctggtcggtttccaaagcagtgggcggacgcctttcataaggtctgggaagctatggtggtcgcacactttccgcaggtaatcgagcaaatctcacagcgtctttctcgtcggggctcgcccgacttggggactgcgaaggaagcggcggaaccgcagctcatcgacggtttgcagttcgaggtaaacccctcgtcctttgaagtactatcccagacaaagcaagatgactctccgggcttctga
>gene_18361|Rep protein
atgagaaaaagtcaagatgtaaaaaccgaaatagtcgaatttgacaacaagaaatatttggtcgatgaagaaacaggcgaattgagagagatactctctgataagtcgcctatcggcaaagaaaggccttgggcgaaacacaaaaaagagaatatgacggtagaacaggcataccgagggatagcagaacgctcgacttctgagtctgagtattgggagaaaaaagccgacaggctgaacgggtgtggtcgatttttgatgttcaacgtctatcagaccgaggaaggcagaactatgaaggtaaaacacgctgaaagttgccgtgtaaggttgtgtcctgtgtgttcttggcgacgttcaatcaagatatatactcatatgcgaaagatattggagcatatgcaagaggagaacaagtacgaatacttgttcgttacatttaccgttccgaacgtaacagcagacaagctgaatgatgagattgatgagttgatgacagcttgggatagattgcagaaatacaaaagatataaggctgccgtcaagggttggtatcgaggattggagataacgcacaatgttaatcctctgtcgccgtcttatgatacgtatcaccctcatttccattgcattattgccgtaaacaagagttattttactgataggcagtacataaagcaatctgaatggcttgaaatgtggcgaaaagctacgagagataacagtatactgcacgtgaacgtgaagaaagttaagccaaaaaagggagcagaccagacagatattatcggagcagtctgtgaggttacaaaatacacagtcaagaacgaggactacatacttccaaagaattggaatatgacgatggatagtgttgaagttttagacaaggttcttactaatcgccgtttagtagcatttggcggtgtaatgaaagagtggcacaagaaattgaatcttgatgatgagatagacggcaatctgattgaggatggagaaacatcaaacggagaaattattggagaagtgtgtgcgttctggaatgttggctatcagcagtatatcatagtagaggattga
>gene_36809|Protein rep
atgagaaaaagtcaagatgtaaaaaccgaaatagtcgaatttgacaacaagaaatatttggtcgatgaagaaacaggcgaattgagagagatactctctgataagtcgcctatcggcaaagaaaggccttgggcgaaacacaaaaaagagaatatgacggtagaacaggcataccgagggatagcagaacgctcgacttctgagtctgagtattgggagaaaaaagccgacaggctgaacgggtgtggtcgatttttgatgttcaacgtctatcagaccgaggaaggcagaactatgaaggtaaaacacgctgaaagttgccgtgtaaggttgtgtcctgtgtgttcttggcgacgttcaatcaagatatatactcatatgcgaaagatattggagcatatgcaagaggagaacaagtacgaatacttgttcgttacatttaccgttccgaacgtaacagcagacaagctgaatgatgagattgatgagttgatgacagcttgggatagattgcagaaatacaaaagatataaggctgccgtcaagggttggtatcgaggattggagataacgcacaatgttaatcctctgtcgccgtcttatgatacgtatcaccctcatttccattgcattattgccgtaaacaagagttattttactgataggcagtacataaagcaatctgaatggcttgaaatgtggcgaaaagctacgagagataacagtatactgcacgtgaacgtgaagaaagttaagccaaaaaagggagcagaccagacagatattatcggagcagtctgtgaggttacaaaatacacagtcaagaacgaggactacatacttccaaagaattggaatatgacgatggatagtgttgaagttttagacaaggttcttactaatcgccgtttagtagcatttggcggtgtaatgaaagagtggcacaagaaattgaatcttgatgatgagatagacggcaatctgattgaggatggagaaacatcaaacggagaaattattggagaagtgtgtgcgttc
>gene_17668|Replication protein
gtgatattattggcaaaatcaaagaaaactgaaattataataggcactccagacacagaccactgggttgaaaaaagtcgccctctgctgctgatgaaagaagtgccgtttgaacttggcgaactgaagatattggatacatatatcgccagaattgacccaactaatccaaaagccactactgtgcgattttccaaagaagaatatgaagaccttatgggaatcgaaagaatgcgcccagagaggcttgaaaagtatgttaaatccattatgtcaaagaacgttactgttcctgacaaaaccgccagaggcggcttcagggtttatacattgtttgatgaagctatctgtgagcctgatgaaaacggacagtggtggattgacctcagctgcaccagaaaagccaagaaacttttctttgaaattgacggtatcacatacctgaagtatcagctgaagaacgtgctgccactcacaagcaagtacagtatactgttgtatatgtatctgttggacaaccgctttagacgaagttgggagatatctattgaccgacttaggttcgatgtattaagggcaacagaccctttatatgatgaattcaaatacattaatcaacgaattctaaaaaaatgtgtcgcagaaataaatgagaaaacagatattgaattcagctatactacagtcaaaacaggtgtaagagtaacagctgttcgctggaacttaatcaaggacgaagcaacaccgccagcacttccggagcctgttccgctggaagagctggaaggtctggatgatgacgatgatgaaatcacagaagttagtgcttctgaagatgttcagatgtgggcagagtttctgccaacagatttgaccttggaagaggttgaaattctcggcacaatggcatacaagcacgtgccgtatgacccaaccaacattcttccaagagccaaccagatagccgattatctgtctgaaaaacatcttgttctgaagaactatgaaaagaaaaaaggaagaccaatcaaacacttctcttttctgaagaaagccgttgaagaaaactggaaaccataa
>gene_8562|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgggacgcatatcatttcctcaaggcaaaggaagccagatgcataataggcgtgattatgagaaatacggtaagccaattcctgaaaatatagaccaatccaagactcacgagaacatcactctggtggacatggaaatcagggaagcatatcaggaaatcttcggggaagctcttgagaagtataacgagaacaagaagccctgtcgtaagattaccgattactatgaccatatcctgaaatccaagaacggtgagaagccgttctatgaggacgtggtgcagtggggaagcatgaaagacttcaaggacagcccagaaatgagggagaaagcgaaggaggcccttttacagtatgcaaaaggcttccaagcccgtaaccctaatttgaggcttgtaggagcttatattcacatggatgaggctagtccgcacttgcaccttgattatgtccctgtggctcacggatataagaacgggctgcaggtcaggaactcccttgatagagctatgaaagagatggggtttatccctgataatgagaatcgcaagaacaatgcgactatgctctggaaagagcgtgagcgttctgtgttcggtgatatttgccgttctatgggtcttgaggtcgaagaagagatttctacgtcccgtaaaagtctatctgtcgaggaatataagaccgctaaggatgcttttaatgaggcgtttgccgagcaagagaacgaaatcttggcaaatatggctactatcggggacaccgaatacaccattatggagcgagaagccgagctgaaagatgtgacgaagcaactttctcaggcaaaggttgagtttgattctcttactgag
>gene_54958|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcagagggagaaaatcacatggcaaatttttcacattacactcgtggatcatgcatttcgattacgcaacataatgagcgtaagaagaatgcgaaaggggaatatctgaaatacaaaaatagtgagattgacacaacacgctcacatctgaattacaatcttgctccagattggggcatgacacaattagagttcatcagacagcgtacagagggcttaaaatgccttaaacggaaagatgtgaacgttatggcgtcatggcttgttactgccccgaaaacgctcccagaggagcgacagagggagttctttgaacgctcttataagtttctggaacaaaaatatggcaagcagaatgtcatttctgcatacatccacatggacgaaacgactccgcatatgcatttctgctttgttcctgtggtttacgaccgcaagaaaaaaagggaaaaagtgtcctgtaaggaatgtgtgacaaaatatgacctacagaaatttcatccagagttccagaaagaccttgataactggagagagcagaacggttatgagtttgaatgcaacattctcaacggtgccactgctggcggaaatctgaccgttgagcagttgaaagccagtgaattagcggttttaaacgaacaggaacaggaatatttacaggaattggttgagatgagcaataacgaatgttctaccctacaggatatccagaatgaaattgagaacctctctcaagagcgtacaaggctcatagagggcatttctgaccttaaggtgaataaaagtaccctagagcaacaaatttcgattttagagggcaaattggacgttctaaagggtgataagcaactttttatggagaaatttgtcaattcatcaaaaatcaaacctgtttttgacaaagtatatcagcagtatttagagcaactggaacagcagaggacggagcggatgcggagcaagacttccagtcagcaatcctctgccaacatggaatattacagaaaagccacaggacaaaccagaacaacaacagaaaacaagcctttttctgctgaacgtgagttataa
>gene_6748|Putative plasmid replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgttt
>gene_48536|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_43418|Replication initiation protein A
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaa
>gene_39069|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_45370|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_32619|Protein rep
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggtt
>gene_37279|Rep protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggat
>gene_36475|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_33800|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_21694|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_34504|Rep protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatg
>gene_35841|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_58137|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_34818|Replication protein
gtgaacagtataattgaatttgagcggaatgtcaatctagaaattattacaggcactggagaaattttacaggatttttctagtactggaaaggaaagaccttgggtagtgcataaaaaagagaatttacgattagtcgagatttacaagatagcaaaggcaaaaaatataaacttgattagtgattcacggctgtttgatcttgaacattgtggagacacattgacctttttaaaaaatgctgaaggtaagaagaagttaaaaactgcaaatttttgccgtgtaagaacgtgtccaatgtgtcaatggcgaagaagtttaaaaatgtttagtcaagtgagaaagatcacagacaagattttacaagacgataaaggcataaaatttatctttggcacgtttacggttaagaatacggatgctggaaacttagagaactgcatcgataacttaaataaaaaatttagatacctggtcagcaattctttaacatttgcaccagccaaaaagttaaaacgaaatttgttgggatatttaaaagccgtggaggttacgtatagcataaaagataaaacgtaccatccacatcttcatgtaatctttgcagttaagagcacgttttttggcagcagtaaatattacatgagcaagaaagaatggattgagctttggcaaaaagctttaaacgtggattataaaccgcaaattgatataagagttataaaatctggaacagctaaagcagttgcagaggttgctaaatatccagttaagaccgcaccaattttaaagcttgctgatgatgaagcagtagaagttttaaaaactttaactttggatttgcataaaaaacgttttgttagccttggcgggatttttaaaactgttaagcaggagttaaaacttcaagacatagaaacggataaagaccttgttaatgttgatgtagaacaaaaagaacgatttaacgcaattacagccgttctgtttaaatataattttagatttggtacttatatatgctaa
>gene_2639|Replication initiation protein
atgccgaaaagaaaaacgttgccaccgtcatcagactatgagggtatcggtagaaatcccagtaaagcttatattcagaaatcacgtccattacagacacttgcagaaactggcttgacattaccagagtttaagatattggacgcatatcttgctcgtattgatagtcataaccctgataaacgcacggtaaagcttgaaaaaggggaattagagcgttatttaggaataagccgaatacttaaagaggatttgaaccaacgtctgcgacatctctttcagacaatcgaagttaaggacgaaaataaacgaaaaggctttaagctgataaatctttttgaagaagctgatgccgaacaggatgaaaatggattatggcaggttactttgacctgcactcagtcggcaagagaatatgtttttaatatcgacaatattggatacttacgttatagattgaaaaatgttatcaatcttacttcaagatatagctatgtattatttttgtatcttgtagataatcgtttcagaaaaacgtggaaaatagatttatctgaattgaaaattttgatgagctgtactgcagaccgttacaaagaattcaaatttttcaattcagaaatacttaaaaaatgtcaaaaagaaataaatgaaaaaacagatttaaaattcaattataagccgttccgtaaaggtcgaaaagtatcggaaatagaattttctgttgacacactttcagatgaacttgcagaagctttagacctcgaacttacagagccaattcaaatgaaacttgatgaagagggaatggatagcgaaacacaaaatctgttattgctttcatcagcttgtgatgatgaatttaatattgatgagatgaaagtaattttcgcaattataagcacaatagacttaccggaacacgaaagcggaatacaaatagcacgttttcattatctgcgtgaaagatacactatgtttcaaattgaagcaggaaaaaaagacataaaaaatcattttctttatttcaaaaagatgattgaaaatgataagaaaaaatcttcaaaaggaaattaa
>gene_51203|Replication protein RepA
gtgcaaattccttgcagatattcaaacggctatgcgctatggaacgaagtacatattttcaccgttatgccgcctgagatggtttataaggctatggtagaggataataggggcgtagacacttacgaacagttaaaacgccgtataacggctgtagtgtaccattacaaggacatagaaaaaggagacttccgaaaaatagaagtccccatttctgaatatgtttcttacgctgatttgaagttccgagcagaaaacggcgtttcgtctttcggtgatttcatcgagttgccgcttgatgaaactggcgattttccgttttaa
>gene_51201|Replication-associated protein
ttggataattttgatgaagttcgtagccgctcttggttttgcgtttttaataatcctgtagaacatggttatagtgacgaaccgcaagcgtgttgtgatgctattgtatcggcttgggttgataataaccctacaaggagttgcgccgttaacttctgcgtttctgctcaaggtcttaggcattgtcatgttgttcttgaagatacaaagttaatgcgtttttctgccgtaaaaaaggcgtttccgagtatgcatattgagccgacaaaaggtagcaaagaacaagcagaggactatataaacaagcgtggtaaatgggaagaaaagggcgaacaaattcttgctacttctcgttatggtgaaattaaaggcgcacaaggtcaaaggcgagattttgacgctattgatgatttacttatgcagggcaaaacgcctgcggagatcctcgaacagaactttgcttttcgtaggtttgaaaagatgattaagcaagcctattttgataagcgtatccgtgaaactccggttaagcgtgatgtttctgtatattggcattgtggtgaaagtggtagcggcaaaacatatgagtttgttaaactctgtgaggagttcggagaagatgccgtttatatgcttaacgactatgacaaaggcggctttgataactataccggtcagcgcatcttgtgtatggatgaatttagagggcaaatgcgttttgctttgcttatgaattatcttgacggc
>gene_6371|Mobilization protein
atggggaatctgcagaagataactaagtctgttgcgccttctattctcgaagagatagagaggacaccagaagaagccctcaaatttaatcctgagacgcactacatacaaccggagctgacgcacactaattatgacctcacaaggcgtgatatgcccgctctggaataccttaataagcgtctgagcgagattaaagtacagaatagagctgatgttaaagttctcggacaatgggtgtggactatgcccaaagacctcgatacgcagtaccaagagaggtttttcgaagaaatatacagatataacgccgataaattcggagctgagaatatctgctatgctaccgtgcatctggacgagcagacacctcacatgcacctcggaataatacctgtcgtcaaagtcaataaggcaagaacagacggtaagaccgagaaactgtgcgcaaaggacgtattcaatagggaatacctgacgcacgctcacgctgacctcgaaaagcatcttgaaaaggctttaggagtagaagtaaacctcttgaatggtgcttcgctcggtatagatggtattagaaactttaaggctgccaaagacctggcaaaacaggtgcctgagttggagaacactttagaaaaccttcaacatgaggtctggaacaaagaattacaagtagatcagctcgaccaagagatagagtacaagaaggagcagatcgtagagcttgataagaccatagccgagaaaaagggcgaagttgacgctctggaagggcagattatggaaagacgcggtattcttaccaaactcaaagagaaggtcgaagaggtcaaagagatggtttctgagatcaaggagaagtttaccggacaccctaatatgttccagatgttctatcattggttgcaaggtggtaaggaagataaggaagagagggaagaggtcgtacaggactacaccgactatctcgacaagtacgacctaacgatagaagatacaaaccgttccgttgatgatctcgacaaagagattaagcaccagatcagacgctctcaggacagaggaatgagcctgtaa
>gene_22225|mobilization protein
atgattgtgaacctgaccaaggggaaaagtgcgcggggtggactgacctacgactacggacccggaaacaaggaggagcacgagaacccgcgacgggtggccggcaatgtgccggggcgggactaccggcagcgcgcaagccggttcgaccgggcggagaagtcctaccgggtgcagtccggcagggtgccgaaaacgccggtgatccgtatggccgtcgccgccaatcccgacgacaaggtgatgacggatcggcagtgggggaagatcgcccgcgagaccgtggaccggtttaccggcgggaagtccgaccggtacccgtgggaggccgtacggcacgacgacaagcacatacatatcacgctgtcgcggtgcggggcagacgggaaactgctgtcgtcgagcaatgactaccggcgggcgcagaagatcggccgggacattgagaagcggcacgggctgatcgataccaagaaccgggttctgggtaaggaccaggaccgcgagcgcgaatccgtcagaacaggcaggggggatactgctccccagtcgaacggacgcgcgggtgatccccgtgacgtgtccggtcggcgtgctagtgaccacagcgacgagaccaaaaccgatcaacgaaaccgagagcagggagtggataaccccatgagtaccgaccgaacattccgggagcaggagcgcccgtatgagctggacggctccgagagcatcgagcaggagcagcaggtcaaggaggccgctaacgcggagatgggcggaaatgcccggcagcaggctcaatctcgccaggccggacgcgacggcgagcgccgcgaccaggaccagggcaaacccgccgccaatgcgcagcagcggcccgcccgtggcgggcagcgccgagagctggaccgcgagacgctttcggagatcatgcgggacaccaagccggacagtccggagcggcgggcggcgatccaggatgcccggaagcagctcaacgatgccccgcagcggggacaagatcagcaacgacaacaggaacagcagcagcgccgcgagcgcgagcgcggccgcgagaggtag
>gene_17805|Rep protein
atgttttcattacagtcttatgataaaacaaatcaaacaattagtcaagcaaatactgataaatcgctcaaaaatgagaagtttgattggaatggtaaaaagaaaaaaactcttgaattagctgatatttacagagatatttcatattctgactaccagcgtcgagctgttcaatgtggttcatttcttgaatttaatctgttagaagctgatagaaagagtttatcagaagcattaaaggggaaaaaacaattgagttcagcaaatttttgtcaattacgattgtgtcccgtgtgcaatgcaagacggtctgctaaattagcatcaatgctcgtcaaagctttaaagtgtgttaaagccgaccatgaagatgctagattgttatttcttactcttacaatgaaaaattgtactgctgacgaattgtgcgattctattactcatttattcaaatcgtgggatagacttacaaaacgtcgagcagtgaaaagagttgtcaaaggttttttcaggtcgttagaaattacacacgattattacagaaatacatatcatccgcatctgcattgtttattaatcgtcacggaagattattttttgccaaataatccagattatattgtttttgaaacatggagagaatattggaagcagtgtttgaaagtagattataatcccatgattaatatcaaagctgcgaagaacaatgctaaagcagttagcgaagttgcaaaatattctgttaaggatgatgaattcttagatattgcaaaaaataaatctaagaagagagctcgtgaagtagtaaaagcatataccagcgcattatataaacgtcgtgcaattcaatgcggcggatggttaaaagaatattggaatgagttggaggaagaagatttgttacatatctctgacgatggcgaagcgcatacgaaatggtatgctcaatacaattatggatatggttcaatcagtgaataccagctcaagagaatcgttgagatggacaagtctgattggaagaatatcaaaatcgagagcactattgaagtgtgtgatgatgctccagatttataa
>gene_44840|RepA
atgaaagacgatatgaagaataacatttcaagggttggaaaacctaatgcaatcgttgatgcaagaagtgtaatgaataaaaaccttttagatgctgttgatttagtatttagtaaaattattgatgaagctgaggaagataaagataaaatagaatatgtttttgatttagatgaatataaagacaaatttgattttagcaatcgtacaagtttttataaaaaaatgaaagacataatcaatgatattatttataaaccaaaaactatatctattcaaaaagacgaaaagtattttttatctttcgttatctttcagagtgcgtcttataacgctgaaaatggaacttttacgattgaattatcaaataaatttaaacaagctattaatcaagaaaaagagttaaatggtggaacaactttttatgatttaaaagatacattacagatgaaaaatgtatatacaaaaaaattatatccaagacttttaagatataaaaagagtaaaaagaatgttatcacatttaatggtaagggaacttgtgaaggaaaaaaatatcaatcaattataacgattgaagatattaaaaaattacttaatattcctgaatcttatgtaactacacagattaaaaaaattattaatcaatcaatagatgaaattaataataaaacaatctatgaagcatctgtcgattacaatataatcaaaaaaggtcgttacggaaaaattactcatttatgctttaattttgatacaaaagaaatgtataaaaaagataattcttttaataatgctgaaacattagaaaaagaattaaaagaatcttctaaaaaagattcttacaagaaaaaaactccaaagaaaaactcttttcataatttcactcaaagacaatatacaaaagagcaaatggaagaaatagaaaaaatgcttttacaaacaagaccacatgaaaaagaaccattaccattttcagaccttaataactctgcagaaaatgatgatatgttagaaggtcaaatgacaattgatgattatgatttagaaaatatttctccattcgattatgagtaa
>gene_37880|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcaattcgcaatccttcgtgtcggcaagctcaaatcgtggcgctccatccgttcggctggcgctcacaacctgcgaaaaactcccgtcccgaacgctgaccccaacggccccccggttcgggttcttcacggcccggacaatctggccgacgccgtagccgaccggctggccaccgcccagaaataccggaaagacgcggtgctggcgtcggaaatgattttgaccggatcgccggaggcgatggcggcaaaaagcccggaagagttggacgcctggacggcggccaatgtgcgctggctggtcgaaaagttcggccccaaccttgtccaggtggtgaggcatgacgacgagacaacgccccatcttcacgcggtggtggtgccgataaacccggatggccgcctgtcggccaaacggttctggggcgaggctgcgggcctgtcggccctacagaccgaatacgcgcaagccatgaagcccgaagggctggaacgcggggtgatggggtcgaaagccaagcataggaccgtgcgagcgttctacgcggctttggaggccatgccagacgctccggggctgcgacccatgccgccccggccgcaggttgaagccgacgccgtggcgggcttcctgcgggctaaaacggtggttgaggctttccgggactggcgggcgcaggtggtggagtgggtccgggaaatgcggaccctgctgaaagcctcgctggctgaaaacgcggacctgcggggccgggtcgccaagttggaagcggagcggctgacgccccggcaggaagccagcctgaaacgccggagccgtcgcaatgtggaagccgtggacgccttgcggcta
>gene_22041|Plasmid recombination protein
atggcattaaaggataagggttttcaattcggtcatatggattggtttggtgtagaaggtgcaccaaaaaaacaaaagaaaagtcatacaggttcgcatggtacacagcgtagtaaaggctggtctgtagatgatgttttggccgaagctgaaagaaaaagaggacattgtggtcatgtaaaaaatccacaaaaacctaatatattgttcggtgattttgatgcgtgtcgatactctgcatatcgatataacgcatcacgtgatatgcaaaaagtccgtcatcctagcggcagtttttacagtcgtagacctcgaaacgactccccagccatgactgggggtgtcatctcgctgcccagagaacggatggcagattggcctgcatttcgtgatcactcgctcaaagttctcaagcaacaacatggtggtcgtctacggttagtcatcgagcacctggatgagaatcatcctcacattcatttttacgtggtgccttttcctggcgaagactttggtattgttcatccaggatatgctgcaagtcgtcaggccagaagtgaagtaggaaaccatgtttctatttcatttaaacgtgcgatgacaaaatggcaggattggctgcatgagaaaatcgctgaaccttttggattaacccggattggtccaaaacgtgctcgcgccgaacgcgagcagcatttgataaataaacagaaaatcgaaattgaaaagcggtcagcggagctggacgttagagaaaaaaacaccaaaactgttatgacagtattggctgcacaagtgacattagttgccaaattgacaggtgatgttcaacgtcgggaaaagctgttagttgaaaaagaatctgtttttgacgaaaaaaaccacaaagcaaaaaaagaaatggatcgtcttattaaagagaatgcgaaaacccgcgtacagcttgccgatatttttgcgacattcgcaccggcaatgaaaatggctatccaggataacaatcctgagattcttgaggcgttgggggtgcagaaggatgctgtgcttgaccagctggacgggttgggtcttagctaa
>gene_30875|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggaaaaagtaacaaaaggaaaggcgaaaagcatgaaaaaagcatccgtttctttcgtaaaaggaaaaggaaacatgaaccacaacaaccgtgttttcttgaccaaaaacgtagaccccacaagaacccatctgaatatcacttacaagaaagaaagccttgaagatgcctacgaaaagtgctttggaaaggctatcgaggactataatgccaaccaaaaacgtgctgacagacggattgacggcatccaaggctacatgaaccaagtgaaaaactccaaaaacggagaaaaactgttctatgagaacgtagtacaggtcggaaatatgtttgattcccacgtcggaacggctcagggagacctttgcggacagattttggatgaatacatgaaaggttttcagaaaaggaatccgaatctgtatgttttcaatgccgttctgcatctggacgagcagacaccgcatctgcacatagactacataccgcttgcccacggctatcagaaaggcttgtccgtgcggaactcccttgaccgttccttaaaagagcaaggaatcgacggaaaatccaacaagtttgaaaacagtaccacggcttggcaagaacgtgaaaagtctgccttggcagactgtatgagagaacacggattggaaagagccgaagaaagcggtttaaagcggaaacataagaatttggaagattataagaccgttgttcataccgtagagaatgaaatcaagcagattccgaagaaaatcgagtacaaagagccggtgttcggcaacaaagacgttgtccaagtgaaaaaagccgacctgcaggcactggaaaaacgtgcaaaactgtcggaagtccataaaaagaatagttcccaaatggaaaaacagaccgaaaagatgaaactttcgtctgcggatgaattaaaaagtgcgtatttattaaaaagggaattagaggacctgtatgaacatcagacctcgctaaacgaaaaatatggtactctcgttcaaaagtgtaaggaacaagaatccctgattgctattatgaacctcgaaaacagtgatttaaga
>gene_43810|Rep
atgacctttaatctaccccgctttgcaggtgcgggttttatgtgcacagaactcacactagaccagatcagtaaaaaagacaagccatggcgtgtccacaaatctgagaattcttcaattcttagaatttttgccactacagataaacatcgtaaaaaatcgatacgcatgttgcggtgcgggcaatttttgcgttttggactttttgataatgagcaacatgaacttgaattacatttaacaaaagcaaatttttgtcgcgttcgttggtgtcctgtatgtgaatggagaaagagtttgctttggaaagcacgtttttataacgcattacctagtttattacaagaaaatccgtctgcgcgatggatttttttgacatttacagtcaagaactgtgaaataacagatttacgaaaaacaatacagaacatgaatacagcatggaatcgtattgttaaacatacagtgtttgaaaatatcattggttgggtgcgtaaagttgaaataacacgcagtaaagatggaactgcacacccacactttcatgtcgttgcaatggttcgtccgtcatattttacaggccatggatatgttaaacaagcagattgggtgtctgcatggcgtagagctgcgcgacttgattatgacccaatcgttgatgtgcgtgttattaaaaacatgagtgattcaaaagatgaatcatcaatcaaacctggtattaaagaagtattaaaatatagcgttaagccaggcgacatgaccaaagacccagcttggtttttgacaatggcggagcaaacacatcgtttgcgtttaattgcaacgggtggagttttgaaggatgtgttacgcgaagatgaaccacttacaaacgatgatttgatacacatagaagataaacgcgacgccgaaaaagaggaacttgcagaccgtattttaacatttctttggtcggatgacaggtcaaattatgtattacagcagttgcggttgcccggtttggatgatttaaaaaactatttacgacagaaagcgcgtttatcaaaacgaatgcgcaaacaaaaaccgccagaatag
>gene_51052|Replication protein RepB
gtgttgtcattgattaacgaaaaacatccaatttcaaaaagcagacctttgttagcaatgagaaacagcggatatactctcggagaatttaaaattttagatatctatttatctcgaatcaaccctttagatccaaatacagcagctgtaaaaataactaaggctgaatactgcagagcattaggaatcgattccggaaaagtccgagcagaacaattaaagaaatatactgctcattttcttggaaatgttgtgacgttggatcgtccagacggaaaaaaaggatatgtacaaaaagttctgtttacgactgctgaatatgatgaagataacgaagaaatagtgcttcaatgtaatcctgaaccattgatatttaataactttttcaatgtccaaaatgtaggatatgtaagatatatattaaaaaacactttacatttaaaatccttgtattcttacaagctctatattcttttgaaatcaaaactaccagcaagagaattccagattgatcttgctgaacttagagaaaaaatgggagcaacagcacaaaaacatgaaagttttaaatatttcaacagagatgcattgtcgattgctgtagaagaaattaacgcaaatacagatacatatgttgagtgggagaaaattacaaaaggaagattaacaaaaggtatccgttttaaaataaaagaaaaagtcctgcaggatgaagttatggatggccagatgaatattgatgattttgaagaagaatttaaagatgatatggatagacaagaagaaatgtatcaaatgcgtgaagaacgtacaaaaatctgtgagggcttcgatgatgaaatttttgatgaatttaccgatgaacagcttacagagtttcgctcactggcatgggataaaattgatccagagcgtgtggcagcacatcattttatgttaaaagatattggaatggccactcaatacgcttgctcggaatacataatcaagaaaattaagtattgtaatgcatatccagagccggtgagaaaccgatataaattcatcaaaaaagctattgaagaaaactggaattaa
>gene_45809|Replication initiator protein
ttgccgcgaaagaaaaaagaccctatcactggtatcagcatcaatcctgatgaaaagctggtcgtacaaaaatcgactcctcttaccgctctctggcggtctaatttaaccctttcggaatttaagattttggacgcttatttggcacggattgatagtcacaaaccggataagcggtctgtcaggttttccaagggcgaaattgagcaactgcttggagttaagaaaatcaatatcgctgaccttaaagatagggtcggccatctgatgcagccgctcataattgataatggcccacggggattccgcggcctctgtctgtttgaagaggccgtctgtgatgcagacgaatacggtatatggcaagtcgatttgtcctgctcatccaaggcaatgcagtattttttcaatattgacaacctcggatacttgcgatacaaactgcgttgtattgctggcttaacaagccggtatagttatattttgttcgtatatctcgaaagcaatcgtttccggaaaacgtgggaagttggtatagatgacctgaaagtcatgctgaagtgtaatgatattccgacatatcagcagttcaaggattttaataagctcctgctcaagcgttgccaatctgaaatcctcgaaaaaacggaatgccgatttgtctacgaacccattaaaaagggccgtaccgttaccgctatccgttttacgctggagaccatcgctaccgccatggagctgccggaccccgaccagatgacttttgacgatgctcttgcgccggatgacctgctgcgctctgccgtgccggagtttacggacgtggaatttgacgccatctgggaagtgctggtgacagtgccagacaataagctgccctatcatgtagatgtatacgaccaatacggcaacccggacattacctttaggcgctaccactatctatcccaaaaaattaagatgctggacgctgccgcagcagcggcggacaagcgcaaaaagcccatcaaaaatcgcttcgcctacttcatgaagatgctgcgggccgatgcctcccctgcatctgataccgattaa
>gene_32030|initiator RepB protein
atggacaagaagaaataccttgctgaatccgcgcagtttgtcgtaaaatcaaatgactttgttcagcacggacggtttagactgacacttgctcaacaaaaaatgattctgtacattgtcagcaaaattaaaccttccgattcaaattttcaagcctatacattcaatatcactgatttttgcaaaatgtgccagctgaatagcattggtggaaaacagtatgatattttgaaggcatcccttaaagagttgcacgacaagagcgtttatatccaaattgacgatgataccgaaacacttgtgtgttggataaaaaagccaacattccataaaaattccggaactgtcgatatccagctagatgaagatttgaagccgtatctgctcgacttgaaagcaagttacacaaaatatgagcttgtaaatgtccttcggatgaagtatagatacagtcccaggctttacgaacttctgaaaagctaccactacgataaaacagaaacaagagagcaggaatttacagttgaagaacttgtcaaacagttgtatctggatgaaaatacaagggacagcaagaataagtcaaaatcagataaggacagcacttatacagaatataaatatctgaaccgtgatattttgaagcctagtattcgtgaaataaacgagcaaacagacatacacgttgaatacaaaccagttagatgcggacataaagcaacgagcatccttttctatattagcgcaagaaatcaactggaatatattgcagcttgcaaggaaacagacaacctatttttcccagaggaacagcatccagagccgcagccagtgccaaaagaaatgcttgaaaagccgttgcagaaagctggaaccagcccggcggaacagcagcaagaagaaaaaagaaagcgtctgcaagttcgcatttacgcaaggggcacaaaaaaattgctcaagacattcagcaaatacagcactgaagaagtcataaaagttgcgaatgagtggctttatagcaacggctatccgcagatcgagcagctttccggcacttctatgcgctgggaagtctga
>gene_18507|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaatggtagtaactgtaagcacacacaatggtagtgttgcgaaccgtgagcataatgtgcgaaaccgaaaagttgtgagcaaagagccgcacatcaatcctgaaggagttaatgaaatttggattgatgagaaacctcggaaagcgtatgagcgtatctttggtgcggctctgaatgattacaacgctaaacaagtcagagcagaccgcagaattgataattattattcagcagtctgcagggacaagaaaaaacaccctgtgtacgaaatgattgtgggtgtttacggtaaaaaagaggacggttctcctatttgctcggctgagcaaggcaaagagattatgcaagagtttgtatcaacttggcaagaaagaaatcctaatctagagcttattggagcctactatcacgctgatgagcaaggcgaaccgcatatacaccttgactacatacctgttgcccacggttacaaaagaggcttagaaacgcaaacggggcttgtaaaagctcttcaggagcaaggttttgaaaaaaacggtaaagcaactgcacaaattcagtgggaagcacgggaaaatgattatctcacacagatatgtgagcagagaggtctgactgttgaccacccaaaaacgcaaaaacagcaccttgataccgaaatttacaagcgtcaatcagaagtcaaggatttaaacggtcaaattaagactttaaaagcccgtacagcaactttaacgagaaatcaagtaaaaagtattgatacaaccccaaaacggcttacaggcggttttaaggggctttctgccgaagatgcacagcgacttgtaaacacagatgttattcaccgcagaaaaatcaaagaaaaagataaaattatcgaagaacagagcaagaccattgaaaaattagaatctgaattgagcaaggctcgaactccaatgatgagagataaaattttaggtgcgtctaaatcagccgataaagaaaatcaactcagaatgctaaagcaagcactaaacattcctgagaacgctgactacaatgagtgtcgaaaaagattaaaacagctt
>gene_33462|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cggaaagcgtatgagcgtatctttggtgcggctctgaatgattacaacgctaaacaagtcagagcagaccgcagaattgataattattattcagcagtctgcagggacaagaaaaaacaccctgtgtacgaaatgattgtgggtgtttacggtaaaaaagaggacggttctcctatttgctcggctgagcaaggcaaagagattatgcaagagtttgtatcaacttggcaagaaagaaatcctaatctagagcttattggagcctactatcacgctgatgagcaaggcgaaccgcatatacaccttgactacatacctgttgcccacggttacaaaagaggcttagaaacgcaaacggggcttgtaaaagctcttcaggagcaaggttttgaaaaaaacggtaaagcaactgcacaaattcagtgggaagcacgggaaaatgattatctcacacagatatgtgagcagagaggtctgactgttgaccacccaaaaacgcaaaaacagcaccttgataccgaaatttacaagcgtcaatcagaagtcaaggatttaaacggtcaaattaagactttaaaagcccgtacagcaactttaacgagaaatcaagtaaaaagtattgatacaaccccaaaacggcttacaggcggttttaaggggctttctgccgaagatgcacagcgacttgtaaacacagatgttattcaccgcagaaaaatcaaagaaaaagataaaattatcgaagaacagagcaagaccattgaaaaattagaatctgaattgagcaaggctcgaactccaatgatgagagataaaattttaggtgcgtctaaatcagccgataaagaaaatcaactcagaatgctaaagcaagcactaaacattcctgagaacgctgactacaatgagtgtcgaaaaagattaaaacagcttggtttgttacaagataaaaatcaaaataaatttcatcagaggtaa
>gene_39057|Replication protein
gtgattaatgataacacaaaaatgtgtttttgtcaatccgacctttcaaacctcgaaaaggaattaactgaaaagtttgaaccaaagaaaaaagcttctgaacctcttatctattcatatagcagacttggatttgatagaaaagtccttgctgtatctggttgcggtgagtttttagagtttcggaaaatttcgggcggtgggttgtccgaggggtccccgctggcggggacttcgggcaaccgctccgaacgtttcaaacttactaacgcaaatttttgcaaggatagactttgccctatgtgcagctggcgcagaagctacaagatattcggtcaagtgtccaaaattatggacaatattgcagaagattatgattttctttttctaacgcttactgttccaaattgcactgctgaacggctttcggaaactatcgacaaaatgcaaaaagcttactatcgtatgtttagagttaaagcgtttgattttattaaaggcgcttttagggctcttgaaattacatataatcgtaagtctgacacgtatcacccacattttcacgttgtgcttgctgttccaaaatcttattttaaatctcgttattatttgcaacgtgatgaatggctgcaccggtggcaggttgctatgtgtgatgaaagtataacgcaggtcgatataagacgagcaaaagcaaaagatgtcaaggacggtcagagcgcaagcaaggctctttcttctgctgttgccgaaattgcaaaatatgctgttaagtcaagtgattaccttttcgagaataacgacagattaaccgataaagttgtttctgttttcgcttcggttctgcgtggtaggcgtttaacgtctatgagcggaatttttaaggatatgcactctcaattaaatcttgatgatgccgaggacggagatttattacaccttgagaacgatgttattaatccgatactttcggagcaaatatatcgttatggttggtcttgtggtgcttataagcttttatctgttgttgatgatatgaaagtgaggattgataaaaatgaatgcgaggattaa
>gene_55074|Mob protein
atgcatgttgcaaaatatggcagaggagcacaagggaatatgttgaagcattacgacagaagtaaagagtgtccctcagctgatcccgaacgcacacatctgaattataatttagctgccgatttacaaaagatgccgcagagtgattttataaaaaagcgcttgaatgaagttttggatcctgaaaagaaattacgtaaagatgcaaaaattttttgtgattggtgtgtaacagctccaaaggatttagaatctgcagagcacgaaaaatttttcgaagctgcttttgataaacttgcgcaaaaatacggacatgaaaatgttgtctccgcatgggtacacaatgacgaagccggagaaccgcatttacatttttgtttcatacctattgtgaaagataatgagaccggaaaggagaaattatctgcaaaagaatgtattacaagaaaagatttaaaaaatatgcatccggaaatggagaagcatattgaaaatacacttggtcatcacgtgtcaattctcaccggtgaactatcaaatcgaccgaatttgtcaatagaacagtataaaatgctcaaagaagctgaaaaacagctcgctgaaaccttaaagcaaacagaagcaataaaaaaagatatcattccattgagagcagaatacgaagcaagaaaggaatatgtaagagagatggaaaaagactataatcttattaatggcgtaaaagaaaataaaacaatcaccggcaaggtgaaaagctatgaagtccccaaagacgtctgggaaactcaacaagtcaccaaaatggaaagagatgcacatcgcaaagcccaagcgcgttgggaaaaaataattgatgaatacatgaaaactcttaaagagtacaaagaacttgttacagaatactacgaattaacagataaaatagatagaattaactatgctctgcagaatatgcctgaagacgcacgaaatgagttttttgagcattttaatcttaaggtagtacaagagcacggagaggacaaaaatgcctttaaaacgcctcaaaatgagcttgaagagcttgaaagataa
>gene_14093|Mob
atgataaaagggaattttacgattgagaaagagaggatttttgatatggcacactgtgcgaaatatacgagaggtgcgatgggacatctgatgaaacattatgaacgtgccaaggatgaaaatggtgagtacgttcgctttgggaatcagagtatcgacctcgaaagaactgacttaaattacaatttaggacctgtggacggaaagagccagctggagagatttcacgaccggatgaaagaggtctattgtttgaatcgaaaagatgtcaatgttctttgtagctgggtcgttactgttccggaagaagtaccggaagaacaccagcgagaatttttcgagcgaacctacaagtttcttgagaaaaaatatgggaaagagaatgtgatatctgcatatgttcacatggacgaatctactccacacatgcactttgcattcattcccgtagttttggacaagaaaaagaatcgcaagaaagtatctgcaaaagagttgatttccaaaaacgaactgaaaagttttcataccgattttcaagccgaaatggataagtttgtggaatcgcatgagaatgaattcgagtgcagcgtgttgaatggatcaacctcgaatgggaatctgactgtt
>gene_6947|Mobilization protein Mob02282
atggcacatgtttcacattacacaacacagagtgtgacaaacgtaattaaagaacacgaacgagagagtggatattataaaaatgacgttgacattaacaggtcgaatttaaacttcggatacggtgctcaaaaagctgatgatgtatcactaaaaattcatgcacggtgtgtagatatcatgcaagggaagaagatgcaaaaacagactaacgtgatgagtgaatgggtattaacgtatccgtcaagattatgtgatgaggcagagtggacgaacgaggaaggggagactaaaaaatataacaagcctcgtgacgtggatcacgtccaaaagttcttcgatacattctaccgatttgctcaagagcgttacggtaaagacaatattatcggggcttacgttcacatggacgagaccacgccacatatgcatcttgtgcttgttcctgaagcgatttctcggaaaactggcaagcggacagtctccacggccagcaagttcaacagaaaagagcttatcacattccatgatgacctgcaggctgaaatgattaagacgttcggcgatgatgcaagtgattatatccgaaacggcagaaccaaaggcaattataccacatcagaactcaaggaacgtgacaagcaagagcaagacatcaaatctcgacaagaacagctcgaccttcgtgagcagtctctaatcatgcaagaaacaattctaaaatcgtctaaaatcgattttgaggacgaaaaggcaaaatatatcgctgaaatcgaaaaattgaaatttgaggcaaataacgctattaaaatagcacatgaacaactaaaggctcaacaggcattcttaaaacggctcacagaatacgaaaacgagcttaaaaaccagttagaacggcaaaagatgcgtgaaagtcgcccaaagatgaacagggaggagagtaaagtctttagccagttcatcaagacagaggaaaagcaaccacggttaaacaaggcagtggaggaagttttgagaaagtccaaatatatcagttccccacagcctggtaaggataatcagctcggcgagtaa
>gene_45674|Mob
atggaacttacagtatcaatgtcagctggaaagatagcaattaaacatgacatacgagaagagatttcaaataatgttgatgtaaaaatgatggtcaacaatgaaatatttatagatgagcttgcaccctataatcattccctggaggaatataccaacgcaaggtttcaacctgtgattgatgagtacaatgtcggcaagaagaattgcagacagattcatggaacatatgtagattatctccaggaagaaaatcagaaattgatggatactgccaaagagaataaagaaaagggtatcaattcaactgtaaggaagcctacaaaacttgcttatgagtatgtaatacagtttggaaatcgtgatactaatagtgccttgcagatgccaggagaatctgaagatgagtataaggaacgattaaaagaaaacaaaaaagctatgaaagagtttatagatagcttccagaagaagtatcctcatgctcatatcgtattagccacatatcacgcagatgagcctaatggtacacctcatatgcatatcttggtacagtttgaaggagaaggctatcagaggggcttaaaaaggcaaataagcacctctaaggcattagagctagatggatttgaaagaagtaccaaaatgggcaaaaatggcgagaaaaaggacttctcaataaacaggtggcagaatgatgtaaaagacaatgtaatgacacctattttagagcatactttagcaagtaatcgtgtggttctgaatgagcatcgagttcatgtgccacctcaagtatttacaagaatgaaagttgaagaagcgaaagctcttgaaaaaatcagaattgaaagccaagctgcagagcaaagactgaaggatactcatactgatttagatactaaaatcagccaaaaaagaaaagaacatcagaatctccaggctaaaatcattgataaaatcaaagaaaaaaacactctccagggcgaatgtgatactcttgctcaaggctataagacagttgctgatgatttggataaaaagaaagctgaaattgaggaattagatacaaaa
>gene_56601|protein rep
atgaaaagtcaagaggtaaaaacgaacattatcgagttcaacggtaagaaatatctggtcgaacaggaaacgggagagctgctcgagatactctccgacaaatcgcctattggtaaggaaagaccgtggcgaaaacacaaaaaagagaatatgacagtcaaagagtgctattcggctttgtctgacaagaaaacagatggtgactactgggcgaagaaagccaataggcttgaaagctgtggtacacatctgacattcaatgtctataacggcgaggggggcagaacaatgaaggttaagcacgctgaaagctgtcgagtaaggctttgccctctatgctcgtggcgtaggtcaatcaagatacatacccatatgcgtaagatactggagcatatgcaagaggaaaacaaatatgaatatttgcttttaacgtttactgttccgaatgtcacagcagataagctgaatgat
>gene_16009|protein rep
atgcgtaagatactggagcatatgcaagaggaaaacaaatatgaatatttgcttttaacgtttactgttccgaatgtcacagcagataagctgaatgataaaattgatgaattgatgacggcttggaacaggttgcaaacttacaagagatataagactgccgtcaaaggttggtatagaggattggagattactcataatgtcaatccgctgtcatcgtcttatgacacttatcaccctcattttcattgtatcattgcagtaaataagagctattttacaagcagagaatacataaagcgtgatgaatggcttgaaatgtggcagaaagctacaagggacagtagtatcacgcaagtggacgtgcgtaaagtaaaaccgaaaaaggggaaagatccgactgatatagtcggagcagtctgcgaaacaacaaagtatacggttaagaatgaggattatattcttccgaataactgggaacttactcttgaaagcgtggcaactctggataaggctcttgcaaatcgccgacttgtagcatttggcggagtaatgaaagagtggcacaagaaattaaatctcgatgatgaaatagacggcgatctcatagaggacggcgaggacatcagcggagaacttcttgaggaactgacatattgttggcacgttgggtatcagcagtatctgagagtggataaatag
>gene_56600|Rep7
aaaattgatgaattgatgacggcttggaacaggttgcaaacttacaagagatataagactgccgtcaaaggttggtatagaggattggagattactcataatgtcaatccgctgtcatcgtcttatgacacttatcaccctcattttcattgtatcattgcagtaaataagagctattttacaagcagagaatacataaagcgtgatgaatggcttgaaatgtggcagaaagctacaagggacagtagtatcacgcaagtggacgtgcgtaaagtaaaaccgaaaaaggggaaagatccgactgatatagtcggagcagtctgcgaaacaacaaagtatacggttaagaatgaggattatattcttccgaataactgggaacttactcttgaaagcgtggcaactctggataaggctcttgcaaatcgccgacttgtagcatttggcggagtaatgaaagagtggcacaagaaattaaatctcgatgatgaaatagacggcgatctcatagaggacggcgaggacatcagcggagaacttcttgaggaactgacatattgttggcacgttgggtatcagcagtatctgagagtggataaatag
>gene_31712|Site-specific recombinase, putative
atgtctggagcaacgaataaaattaccgcactttactgccgactgtcgcaggaggacgagcggctcggcgaaagcctgtccattgagaaccagaaggtcattcttctggaatacgccaagaagaaccatttcccgaacccagtgttctttgttgacgatggctactccggcacgaactatgaccgtcccggttttcagagtatgctggtcgagatcgaagcagggcgtgtaggaatcgttatcacgaaagacctgtcccgactggggcgcaactctgccctgacgggtctgtacacaaacttcacctttccccagtatggcgttcgttacattgccattaacgacaactacgacaccattgacccgaacagcgtaaacaacgattttgcgggcattaagaactggttcaacgagttttatgcccgtgataccagccgcaagattcgggctgtccagaaagccaagggagagcgtggagtgccgctgacggtcaatgtgccgtacggttatgtaaaagacccggagaacccgaagcattggcttgttgacccggaagcggctgcgattgtgaagcgcatcttctccatgtgcatggagggacgtgggccgacccaaattgcgaaccaactgtgggaagataaagttctgacccctaccgcctacaagctgagccatggccggagtgtaaactctcctgtcccagaagacccataccgctgggagaaaacaacggttgctggcattctggaacgccgggagtatacgggttgcacggtcaacttcaaaacctacaccaactccatctgggacaagaagcagcggatgaaccctgtggagaatcaggctatcttcccggacacccatgaacgcattattgacgatgatgtgtttgaaaaggttcaagaaattcgcagccagcgtcaccgtatgaccagaacaggcaagagcagtatcttctccggcatggtctactgtgctgactgcggttccaagatgcagtatggttcgtccaataacagggacttcagccaagacttctttgattgtgccctgcacaagaagaaccggagcaagtgcaaggggcatttcatccgggtaaaagttctggaaggccaagtgctgaatcatgtccagcgggtgacggactacatccttcgccatgaggactacttccgcaaggtcatggaggagcagcttcgggtggaaagcaccgaaaggctgaccgtcctgaagaagcagcttgcccggaatgagaagcgaatcgcagacctcaaacggctgttcatgaagatttacgaggacaacgccagcggaaagttgaacgatgaccgcttcgacatgatgagccagagctacgatgccgagcagaagcagctggaagagaaagtcctctccatccagcaggaaatcgaagtacaggaacagcaaatcgagaatattgaagagttcgtccagaaagcgcacaagtacgttcatattgaagaactcaccccgtatgcgctccgtgaactggtgtcggccatctatgtggatgccccggataagtccagcggaaaacgggtgcagcacatccatatcaagtatgatgggctggggtacatccctctggatgaactggaagcaaaagaaaaggcgtga
>gene_57520|Initiator RepB protein
atgaagcttataacggatacagacaagctaaccatcctcaagagcagacctctatatgccctttgggattcagacttgacactccaagagttcaagatacttgatacataccttggtcgaatcgacagccacaacgaagataacagaacggtcaaattcgagaaaggcaaacttgaagaactgctaggggtcaagcagataaaacccaaggaactagacaagaggatagaccaccttatgacaactattagaatacccgacaaggatagtcctaaggggtactacagaatagccttgtttgaaaaagctcaccttgttcaagacgaatatggtctgtgggagtgcgaacttacctgcacccaaagtgcaagaaaatatgtgttcaacatagacaatatagggtacatcaggtataaactcaaaaatgtaataaatcttaaaagcagatactcgtattttatgtatctctatgtatgggatagcaagagttggggaacatgggaagtacctctggatagattgaaggagatgttgggatgtgaagaagaggagacctataaggacttcagaagatttaatgacaagatacttaaaaaatcgcaaaaggaaatccacgaaaaaacagatatcagatttgagtatgagactatcaagaggggcagaaccgtggttggcataaagttcaagtatcttggcatggttcaggaagaggagctttcagaagtcgagagaaatcaaatttctatggatgactggtttgaagcagaagcacagagagaagcagaagaagaggaattcaaggagtacaatgccatacttgctcaagctgaagcttggaaagatatgataccttcagggtggcttactccggaagaactcgacctgatagcagagaaactgtatcaaataccggaacaagacctccctttgtacaacagtcgatatgatgacatatcaactcaaagggtatcttacatgcgtgaggttgtacagaaggctatcacttacaaggcaaagaacaaattcaagtatatattgactgttataagcaaggatgcaaagggggagtag
>gene_26317|Replication protein
atggctaaaaaagaggtgcagcccatcaaagagggactgcgtgaaaaaaatcttatacaaaaatccacaccattgcagtcgctctggaagagctccctcggactcggagaattcaaggtgcttgacacctatctttctagaattgacagccaccacccggaacggcgcaaggttatattcagcaaagacgagttcgagaagcttctcggcataaccgaggttaagccaaaagccctgcaagcatacacggataggctcatgcaacaggtcgtttcgttagatactccgaccaggaaacaggggttccatcgcattagcttgttttctgaaagcgaatgcgaccaggatgatagcggcagatggtgggtatcgttgacgtgcacgccggaagcgatgaaatacatcttcaacgttgaagagctcggattcctgcgctatagacttcggaacgtgctgcagatctcaagccggtacagctatgtcatgttcttgtaccttcttaggcgcagaccgtgcaaggtgatagaggtaacgctcgaggagctccgagatcttctcggatgtaccgatgatgcttattatgatgaattcaaaaaatttaaccaacggatcttgaagaggtgttgcgatgagataaacgaaaagaccgagctcaagtacacctatgagccgatccggagcggacgcaaggtcaagtcaatccgctttgtgataagcagcgcaattcctggttatgaatctgaaatcgagggggccgcacaacaactcgccatcgaagccgcagacaaagaaactgtcatagagctcacagactctcgtcttgatctgttgctgggcgcggtggaaaatgacgagacatttgcgaacgaagagtctatgcaagtgatcgcagatgcgctgattactgcggtgccgcacaaagtaaccgcagctggcgtggatatcgatcgatacgacttgctggcacgttgctaccacaacctcaaggtcagagaacgtcgccaggatcttaagcccctcaaaaaccgtctttcctatcttgtaacgcttataaagaaagaggctgagtaa
>gene_51765|Mob protein
atggcacattttgcgaagtacacgaaaggctcggcaggtggtctgacgaagcactacgagagagcaaaggacgaacagggcaactattacaggttcaagaatgagggtatcgatgcggagcgttcccctctcaattacaaccttgcacctcatcagctgaagcagttggatttcgtcaaggaacgtttggacgaggtgtattgcctgaagcgtgatgatgtgaaagtcatgtgtagctgggtcgtgacttgccctaagacagttccagaagagcatacaagagagttcttcgagcggtcttacaagttcctagaggaacgctatggcaaggaaaacgtgataagtgcatacgttcacatggacgagacaactccacacatgcattttgcctttattcccgtggtctatgacaagaaaaaggacagggaaaaggtgtctgcaaaagaggtggcaacgaagcttgacctcaaaacattccataccgacctgcaggcggaaatggatagattcgtgaaagagcatgagtacgagttcgagtgtgacgttctgaacggagcaaccgagaacggaaacctcactgtgcaaggattgaaagcgaaagaacttgaaaccaggaacgaaatcgaaatggagttcctagagcaagtgattgagcggagcaacgatgagggagagaagcttcaagccaccgtaaggaagcttgagagcgtcgagaacgagttaaaagggcttgaggctaggaaaagtaccctagaggacgaaataaacgccctagagggcaaaatggacgctttagaggtgtctgacaaagggttgcttgcgaagttcttggaacttccgagtgtcaaggaagcatttgccaaattctgcgagaacgtgagagccatggtcgagcagagaaaagcggagcgtcagcttcgtagtgagcgtagcggcatggactattttaggacagccgtggagcgcaacaacagtagcctaatgaataggcaagaaaacccatttggaaaccgctcaaacaacccatttgagcagagttttgagaatgaaaacgagagcgaaaaagagtga
>gene_2456|Mobilization protein
gctaatcaagtaaatggattatgtctgcatgatagtagggcttgtaaggggcattccaacgaagaaatcgacgtagagagaagccacttaaactacaatctggcagagagcattcagccactcaaccacaacgattttatcaagcagagattgagtgaagtgaagtgcatcaagagagccgacgttaatatcatggcttcatggtgtgtcactctcccaaaggattaccaaggcgatgagagagctttttttgagagtgctttttcttttatggctgataagtacggtgccaaaaatgtgatatcagcctacgtccacaacgacgaaaagaccccacatctgcatttcaaattcatgccgatagtggaagataagggcgtagaaaaagtgtgcttcgataagtgcgtgacacggaaggactatcagagcttccacaaggagcttaaagcccatttagagagcgatttggggattccatgcaatatccttaatggagctacggaaaacggcaataagagcgtcctagagctaaagaaacaaacgctcatggaacagaaccaagagctagagcgtgttaatgcgtcctatacggctgaaatagcccaaaaagagagtaaactgcataaaatagacgctgatatacttaaaagctccaaaaagggcttatttggggcttctgcggtagatagtgccaaacgtatccttgaacgtgaagaagagcttaatatccgtgaaaaagacctttccgaaaaggtgcggaatagtgaagaacattaccacaacgtagccgtgcaacttggaacggctcaaaagaaactttccgacgaaagaaaccgctactatgaatccgttgagcaagaggttcagaagcgtttacaaaccgccgttaagggcaaggaaaaagagatagctcaattaaaagagcgtttagacgttgccgaacagatattgagtgatagcatttgtcacgaacggattgcgattgatgtataccgaaagcatttggcacaacagaaacaaaagtcaaaatatcagatagaacaataa
>gene_35946|replication initiation protein
atgccacgaagaaaaaaattgcctgctgtgccgaattataggggaacggcacggaacacagacgatatgcttgtacaaaagtccactccactgcaaactcttgcagaaacgaacctaacgttgcccgaatttaaaattcttgacgcttatttatcccgaatagacagtcacaagcccgatgagcgttacgttcgctttgaaaagggcgagctcgagcggctacttggagttacccaactgaaaaaagaagatttatccaaacgaatagataacctctttcaagttattaccattcgtgacccaaacaagcctaaaggcttcaccaaaataggcttgtttgaaaaggctgaagcgttccaggatgatgacggactgtggcaaattgaccttgcctgttccgcttcggcaatggagtatgtgtttaacatcgaaaatctgcgctatctaaaatacaggctcaagaacgttatcgagcttacatctcggtatagttatgtgttatatctatatttggagaaaaaccacaagcgcaagtgctgggacgtatctcttgatgagctgaagcgaatattaaattgcacaagtgagagttattctgcttacaaggagttcaatgataaaattctaaagaagtgccaaagggaaatcaacgagaaaacgaacctctcatatacctacgtgcctataaaaagagggcgcaaggtaacagctgttaagtttacgattgatacaatcgcagaaaccttgaaccaagccgccgaacaaggacaaatcactcttaacgagcttgatttggcggaaaaatcagaaaaggagtatagcaacagcaacattgctctgcttgccgatgcttgcgggaacgagttcagtcaagccgaaatggacagcattttcgagctgatatctacaaaatctattcccgaaacatcagagggaatatggattgcccgatatcactacctttcgcagaaatacgctatgatgaatgtctatgctgaaaagcacgctataaaggacaggtaccgttattttcttaagattttggcgaacgatgggaaggagatgagctga
>gene_36615|replication initiation protein
atgccacgaagaaaaaaattgcctgctgtgccgaattataggggaacggcacggaacacagacgatatgcttgtacaaaagtccactccactgcaaactcttgcagaaacgaacctaacgttgcccgaatttaaaattcttgacgcttatttatcccgaatagacagtcacaagcccgatgagcgttacgttcgctttgaaaagggcgagctcgagcggctacttggagttacccaactgaaaaaagaagatttatccaaacgaatagataacctctttcaagttattaccattcgtgacccaaacaagcctaaaggcttcaccaaaataggcttgtttgaaaaggctgaagcgttccaggatgatgacggactgtggcaaattgaccttgcctgttccgcttcggcaatggagtatgtgtttaacatcgaaaatctgcgctatctaaaatacaggctcaagaacgttatcgagcttacatctcggtatagttatgtgttatatctatatttggagaaaaaccacaagcgcaagtgctgggacgtatctcttgatgagctgaagcgaatattaaattgcacaagtgagagttattctgcttacaaggagttcaatgataaaattctaaagaagtgccaaagggaaatcaacgagaaaacgaacctctcatatacctacgtgcctataaaaagagggcgcaaggtaacagctgttaagtttacgattgatacaatcgcagaaaccttgaaccaagccgccgaacaaggacaaatcactcttaacgagcttgatttggcggaaaaatcagaaaaggagtatagcaacagcaacattgctctgcttgccgatgcttgcgggaacgagttcagtcaagccgaaatggacagcattttcgagctgatatctacaaaatctattcccgaaacatcagagggaatatggattgcccgatatcactacctttcgcagaaatacgctatgatgaatgtctatgctgaaaagcacgctataaaggacaggtaccgttattttcttaagattttggcgaacgatgggaaggagatgagctga
>gene_8449|Replication protein
atggcaaaaagtcaagtagaaaaacgcaaatgtaacaattatgttctaaaccgtccgaagaagtcaataagagagtatgaaatactctttgacactacaaaaacaggcaaagaccgcaaatggaaggaacgtaaatctagtaatcttagattttctaacagacttgagaaactagattataaaaagagcattgttgaaagagttcagtcttgcggagacgttttgaaatttgtcaaagacccagtgaaaggtctgaaattgtatcaagcatttttctgtaaaaatcgtctctgcccactttgcaattggcgtcgttctatgaaatattcttggcaagcaaaacaaatcatagataaggctcttgagcaatatccaactggtcgatttttatttttaacgttaacgataaaaaatgtttctggttatgctctttctgaagcaattaaagaaatgaataaatcgtttgaccgtttgttcagacgaaagaaagtcaaaaaaaatatgcttggatttattcgagcgttagaagtcacgtacagtgacaaaaacggaaattatcatccgcacattcacgttttgcttatggtcaaaccaacttattttaaggacaaagagaattatattagtcaatctgactggacagagatgtgggagcagtctgcaaatcttgattatactccagttgtaaatattaaagcagtcaaagagagagttgcacgtgacgatttgaaaaatgacttttcagaagacggcataatgaaagccgttcttgagactgcaaaatatcctgtgaaaccttttgaagtcgagcatgataaaaatggcaagaaaattgaacgtagtgaagaaaaactgactgaaatcactggtgacttaatggacggtctatataaaaaacgtcagcttgggttcggtggtattttcaaagatattcgtaaaaaattgcacttagacgacatcgaaaccggcgatttagtcaatacatcagacgagaaaacagaccctacaacaggagaaatcattgtcgcctactggaactataaaaagagtaattattttatcaagagatga
>gene_45184|Plasmid recombination protein
atgggaaaatctatatcaatgccacaaggcagaggttcactaaaacacaatcgaagagattatgaattaggagagtggccagacaacatagaccaatctcaaacagaccagaacataatcgttgcagatgaggatttaggaaatgcctatgatagattatttggtcaagctgtagaagagtataacgcaaagcagaagcgaaaagaccgaaaaatcacaaggtatatgaaccagataaagaaatctggcaatggagagaagcttttctatgaagatgtgcttcaatatggtgataaggatttgtttaaagataatcctgaattaagggaaacagctaaaaaagctcttgttgcattcattgaaggagataaagagaagcatattcaatcttttgaggaaagaaatcctggcttaaatctaattggagcatatatccatatggacgaaaagagtcctcatttgcattttgacttcattcctacagctgatggatataaaaccggtttaaagcttcgaaatagcctttctaaagcaatggaaggggttatattacataggacaggtaaaccttttgaaatgagagctacagaagttgattccaagggaaaatgtactgacaaccagacaaagcaatggaaagagctggaaagagctttatttagggatatatgcctatcatatgggttggaagtagatttagaaaagaaatcaaggggttctctgtcggtagaagaatataaagctgcaaaagaagaaatgcaaaaagaaatacttgaagaagtgctagcagaaaaaatggatctggaagagtcggtagatgttcttcaggacaaagaagtttctcttaaaagctctattgaagaaaaaacagctgaattagagcagaaaaccgctaaagaaaaggctttagatgctaatatcagcactacacaagctactcttgataatttgaatactaaaaaatcgaatatagaagctgatattagtattttggataacgaccttgaagaaagaaggactgaaagaagaactttagctagtgaaaaatatagaataaaacaagaaata
>gene_43933|MOB protein
atgcatgaaagggggacgcagtcaatgggagtgacgatatcaacgcataatggaagccaggtggcatacgagcataacgtaagaaacccgaaggttgtatccaaggaagagcatatcgacctcgagggggtgcatgagtcctggagggatataaaaccaagggaagcttacgagaagctctttggtggggctgttaagcgttataacgaacggcagcagagagaagatagaaaaataaagaattactatgccgatgtatgcaaggacgctaaaaagcaccctgtttatgaaatgataatcggtgtatatccccaggaagggcagaagcttggcaaggatatgcagaagcgaatacttcgtgaatttgtagacggttggcagaccaggaaccctaatttgtttatgtgtggggcatattaccatgaggacgaggaaggacagccacatgtccatatagactacataccagtagctagaggatataccaggggcatggacacccaaactgggcttgtaaaggctcttgaacagcaaggcatagtgaaggaagggaagctgacagctcaaattcaatgggaaaagaaggaaaatgaacacctggagaagctctgcagagccagggggcttgaggttgaacacccagagatagagggaagggaacacctggaaacgaaagaatataagcagcgtaagaaaattgaaagcctggaaaagaagctcgatgacctggaaaaggatatcatgaacagaagccaggtcaagcaagtaacatacaaacaagccatgttctcgaaagataaagtggtggtttctgaagaagatttcctcagtctttgtaaaactgctgccacagctgaagctttggatcatgaagcgaaggaagccaggaaaatccaaaagaaggctaaagaaattatccaggctgcagaaaagaaagctgaagaaattatccaggaagcaaagcaagaaagcatgactgtgatgatgaccagggcaaagaaagaagctgacctatctaaccaggttcgaaaatatgaaaaagtcctggattctaacccaggactaaaa
>gene_28563|Replication initiation protein
atgatgaatgtgtctgcccctcataatgctattatagcacaaaaagaggtaattgtcaagcgcgaaatattagaaatcgcgcaaaaatcgattgaaatagcgcaaaaatcaataaatgttgcgcttaatagcagcggcgaaacgccgccgcctgttataaaaacggaaaaatgggcggaaaaacagccgatgaaagcgaaaatggcgcgccggctgtggaagatcggattgaaagagaggtcggaaagaatgaacaattgctctaatctgttagaatattcttattgtaaagagtgcggcaaggtgcatataaaacgcgccaatttgtgccgcgatagattttgccctatatgttcttggcggttagctttgcaacgcgtgggcgagatgcaaaggcttgtagagtgccttaaaaacggctatcccgatgtgagttattcccttataacacttacagtcaaaaactgtcccgtgggaaagctctccgaaacgatgaaatccatgtccaaagcttggaatctcgcgcttgcgcaaaggaaactgcgcccccgtatgttcggctgggcgcgctcgacggaattgacttataataagcgaacaaaagaagtgcatccccattttcacattataatgggttggaaagccgatgaagatagagaatccgcgcaagagctgattgtaaaagagtggctcaaagccgctgcgaaaaacgatttaaaagtagatattaaagcgcaagatgcaagtgctataatgtcgggcggcggtgtagaagtggaaaagattttggatgcaactgtcgaggtatttaagtatacagttaaaacaaccgatatggaatcgatgccgctgcctgaatttaaggagcttgtgtcgcagtttgcgggcaagcatctatgcgagtttgggggcaaatttaaagagcttaaaaaggctctcaagctcgaaatggaaacgatcgaggatgaagatattaaaatcaacatatgccgcgattgtggttcggttggcgtgtctgaaatcctcttgaagtggagcttcggtgaatctgcttataagctgttctgttga
>gene_3510|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atccagaaggactctaaaaagcatgcgtgttatgagatgattatcagtatcggaaatagggataatatggtcgacgaacagctcggtcatgacatcatgcaagagtttgtggacggttggaaggaaagaaaccctaatttggaactgattggtgcttattatcataacgatgaagatggagtacctcatgtacattgtgattacataccagttgcacatggatatacaaagggtatggagactcaaaacggacttgtaaaagcacttggagagatgggatttgagaaacaaggacgtataacagcacagatacaatggcaacagagagaaaataatacccttgaaacgctctgtaaggctcgtggcttaattattgaccatccgcgcgaagaaaaccgcaagcatatcgatacagagcaatacaaagccactcagaggcttaataagaccattgaccatacaaatgacctagacgcacgcaataatcgcttagagcaggaaatagagcgtaagattggggatatacagaaagcagatgacattttaccagtaaaacctaataaaactatacttggtaaagagaaagatacaataacaatatccaggaaggaatatgacagtctgtataaaacagctaaagcagtaaaggatgtaagtcaggctagacatgtattgcgcgctgaccaggaacgcatcaaaaagaaagatgcggaattaggcgaacgtgaatatataatagcttacaaagaaaaggggcttgagcttaatgaacgtgattatcaagataaggtccaactattaaatcgtgataggcaggaatttgataaatgcgttgaacaagaagcaagtattatcgctcaagattggataaaacagactatgcagcaggataccagtacagaactgcagaggttacaggaatttatgcaaaactatacgatgaatggaataaatatgcttgaattattccaacgtgaagaaacaaagcgcaaaaaacagcttgaaatcgaagctcatgaatacgtggaagagcgtgtctatcgtagtagagatgatgattttgaacgataa
>gene_28528|Mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgaactatgacaaatacaagggaaagggtgctcgtgatgtggttgagcataacggcagaacagatgcgacaagaccacacaaccactccaatgaggatattgatgtgacacgctcgcatcttaactatgatttggtggagcgtgaaaacggaatgagtgcaacggcatttttcaatcaagagatttctcgaataaaagcggagtatcaaaagcaacacggcaaagctttgcggaaagatgctgtaacattgtgcagttgggtagtaacgctccccaaagatttcactggggacgaaaaagcctttttcaaagagagtgttaattttttcaaggagcgttattctgattgcattccagtaactgcaacagtccacaatgatgaaacaactccacacttgcactactcgtttataccaatccaagacggcaagctgaaagcgaaggacttggaaacacgtacaagcttgaagacagctcatcaagagcttacaacatacctcgaagagcggttaggttgcgagtgccacctgctaaacggagcaactgagaacggcaacaagactattttaaaactgaaaaacgaaaaattacaaaaagaaaacgaaaaactcgaacgaaatttgaaagaaaaagaggctaaagcattagattacgaacccgctcctaaaagacttaccgaaagtagagggacttacgaggagcgtgtcaatacacatcaacaggctgtagcagttaagcatcgagaacaatctctcgatgaaagagagcaatctctcgatgaaagagaaaatcactttaacaatgaagtcgatgcacaagccaaaaggctcaaatcacagcaatacgaggatattatagataactacaagacagagcttgacaaggcacggcaggagcgtgcagaagcacttgcaaaggctgcagctactgaccgtcagaacaaaaaaatcatagctgaaaacaagttcctcaaacaagaggttgaacagctcaactttgagctgacaggagaagctttaagctatgaagaaatccacaaatcaaaggataaaagaggatttgaacgataa
>gene_53749|Mobilization protein
atggcaaattttgataagtgggcaaagggtgctgcaggtcatctgttcaagcacttcgagcgaggcaaggacgagaacggcgaatacatcaagtttggtaaccgtgacatagataccactcgcacgcatctgaactacaaccttgccccagatagaggcaatcaatttgcgtacctggtgaagcgttgcaacgaggtttattgcctcaatcgcaaggatgtgaacctgctcggaagttgggttgttacagttccagaggacttaccaagcaaccgagaagacgagtttttcagcgcgacttatacggctctggcagagaagtacggcgaagaaaacgttatttctgcttacgtccataaagacgagtcaggcaggagccatatgcattttgcattcattccgatagtctgggacaaaaagaagcagacctataaagtctcggcaaaagaatgcgtgtcaaggacggagctccagaggtttcacccctggcttgaagaacgtttgaaagatgagctcggctacgaggtgcaccttctgaacggagcaaccaaagagggcaaccttacaatcccccaactcaaagagcagacaatgcacgccgaatggcttgaagcaaagaacgatatggcggaggctatgcttgccgatcaactcaccataatcgaccaaaacaaagcaaccatagcacaccaggaagcgacaatagaggacaacgcgaagcgtatccaggattggcctgcttacgaaacggaagcagccgaagcctggagcctcgtagatggcataaaaaagaccgtacaagccgttttgggcgcgcacggtatcttccgtaaccgtaaagcggaaaagagcctctatgaggcgtttgaacgctttaaggacaatataacagcatcaatagcggctatgcgagggtttgaaaaccgtcagaggctcgaggaacaccagcgacgctcgagggcggtcgagcgatctctggaagaactgatgcacgatgcagaggctctgaagcctcgtcctcgtctcggaagaccaaacaaaaaccgcaacgatttcgaagaaaggtga
>gene_30987|Mobilization protein
atggcaaattttgataagtgggcaaagggtgctgcaggtcatctgttcaagcacttcgagcgaggcaaggacgagaacggcgaatacatcaagtttggtaaccgtgacatagataccactcgcacgcatctgaactacaaccttgccccagatagaggcaatcaatttgcgtacctggtgaagcgttgcaacgaggtttattgcctcaatcgcaaggatgtgaacctgctcggaagttgggttgttacagttccagaggacttaccaagcaaccgagaagacgagtttttcagcgcgacttatacggctctggcagagaagtacggcgaagaaaacgttatttctgcttacgtccataaagacgagtcaggcaggagccatatgcattttgcattcattccgatagtctgggacaaaaagaagcagacctataaagtctcggcaaaagaatgcgtgtcaaggacggagctccagaggtttcacccctggcttgaagaacgtttgaaagatgagctcggctacgaggtgcaccttctgaacggagcaaccaaagagggcaaccttacaatcccccaactcaaagagcagacaatgcacgccgaatggcttgaagcaaagaacgatatggcggaggctatgcttgccgatcaactcaccataatcgaccaaaacaaagcaaccatagcacaccaggaagcgacaatagaggacaacgcgaagcgtatccaggattggcctgcttacgaaacggaagcagccgaagcctggagcctcgtagatggcataaaaaagaccgtacaagccgttttgggcgcgcacggtatcttccgtaaccgtaaagcggaaaagagcctctatgaggcgtttgaacgctttaaggacaatataacagcatcaatagcggctatgcgagggtttgaaaaccgtcagaggctcgaggaacaccagcgacgctcgagggcggtcgagcgatctctggaagaactgatgcacgatgcagaggctctgaagcctcgtcctcgtctcggaagaccaaacaaaaaccgcaacgatttcgaagaaaggtga
>gene_5366|protein rep
ttggaaaaacaaaataaaaaaggaactgtactgcaatacagttccccagctaacacaagttctccagctcgtgttgttagtcctaattcagaataccaagaattagacgattattcaagtacaggacgtaaaaggccatggaagcaaaaaaagtctaattcaattttggttggcgactccttttctaggttggcgcttatgtatccccattcatcggactactacgcgaaaaaagctaacaaaatttataattgcggtagttttttacagttccaaagatttgcagataatacgcttaaattaaaacaagcttatttttgcagagagcgtctttgtactatgtgcgcttggcgaaggtcactaaagatattttcacaagtatctaaaataatggactgtatgaaaaacgaaacagattacgaatatttgtttttaactttgacaatacgtaacatggatggtccagagcttaaaagcgctatttcggacatgataaaaggctttttaaggcttactagattaaaacgtgtaaaagactccgtgttaggtactttcagagctattgaggtcacttataacgataaagaaaatacatttcacccgcatttacatatcgtcctggctgttaaaaaatcatacctaaatggaaagaattacataagccaaaaagaatggtctgaaatgtggcaaaattgcatgaatttgaactatatcccgattgtacatatagagaaaactaaaggcgataaaaaacaagctgtggcagaagttgccaagtatgcgactaaagaagaggacttatttgagatggacgaaaacaacgaaaagaaagcaattgacgaagttatatttacacttgatgaagcattaaaaggacgtaggcttatatcattctccggagcatttaaagattatcagaaaaaattaaagcttcaggatccggaggacggagatctcattcacattgatgaagatgcaattaggcccgacttgcaatatgtactagaaacttacaattggcgctgtggtacttacctatctaggaaatgcgatagcgaaacagcttga
>gene_39553|Protein rep
atgtgcaattatgataacacaacagcattgacaagtcaagacgtgctttcagacacttatatctcagctaagacgggacaagtcaaagcaaaagggtggagggataagaaattgaaaaatgaattgctcgcccaggcttacgacactgtcaacccagacaaggcttcaaggcttagagcttgttcatcagcgcttacattcgctgaatatgcagacggcacaaaaaagcttataggcatgaacagttgcagagtgagattgtgtccgctctgctcctggcggcgctctcttaagaatttttataataataagcaagtatgcgattatctgcagaaacaatcagacggagcttggatattattaacactcacagttcgcaactgcaaagcagatgcgctcagtgacacaatagaccagcttatgagagcttggaaactgcttacaaagaatgtcatagttaaaccagttataagaggcttctatagaggtttagaggttactcatgataaagattggagcataactaaagagagctataagaggcgaaaaaaatacttagataagctcgctctgaagccaggagatttaaatcctacatatgacacttatcacccgcacttccattgtttgatttatgtagacaagagctattttaaatccaggaaatacctcagccaggataagtgggcggaagcctggaaacaagctttagacgttgactatactccgagtgtcgatgtggtaagagtaaaggacaacggacaaggctatgcaagcagcattgcagaggtgagtaagtatgcaagcaaggacacagactatatcataccagatgactgggacctcacaatcgacacagtgcgcacattagaccaggcgctcgcaaatcggcgtttaatcgcatatggtggcgaagtcagagcggctttcaaggcgctctcacttcaagacgcagacactggaaatcttgtcgaagtcggagatgaagacacccattcagaagcagactacaacgaggttacatatttttggcacactggatatcgtcagtatatcaaaggagaataa
>gene_6700|Mob protein
acatccggtaggaagttagcttcgtattgggttgaggaagcgaacgcatacagggtagtagataaaaacggtaacgaaaagaagttgcgttctgatgcctcgatagggtgcgcttttattattaagcccgacggtgagttttttaagacattaccgaagaataagcaaaaagcgtttttacatgattgctacgatgtgaccgctgctgtgtacgaagaacgtgggctgatcatagatgctgccgtccttcaggtcgatgaaggaaatccgcattatcactgttttgctcatgatcctgaatataagcttggaaagaagctcaatttgagttttttcagaaagcttaatcagacagttccggagcgtctacgtgctttagggtgggacgttgaggattgcgtctcttatgatctggacgaagcagaaaagcgtggggatgagtataaaaatgagcatattaaaatgaaaaaaacgaagggttacggaaaatcagctaaggaatataaagctgataaggaagttgagaaagccaacaaaaaacttcggggaattcagcgtatggtcgatacggaaaatgaacgccttgacgttcttgccgataatcggtttgcaggtttgaatgaacagatgctggagttgctggatctaagcgataaggaagaagtggaatacaaagaaattgatgacgaattcgaacgctttgagtttttgatagaacgtataagtgatgaagttgaaaacatcgaaaatgaaaaaaaagcggttaaaaaatcattaagtatcgcaaacgagtataaacggaaagctaaggaagtttatgatcaaataaacactgatatcaagcaaatacaggctcttcctcaaataaatgataacagggagtacctgttgtatgatccggcttcaaagaaaacgataactcgtggtacttttaacgaaatagcagctaaggtcactaagacgcgtcaaaacgtgattgaccgtagtaaagccgcacaggttaggttcggggatttacttaatcagcttcagacagaggatgatttagatgatatcatgtcgctttga
>gene_45786|Rep protein
gattccgtattgccgtacgaaatcagcggttctccttcgcttggtggttcgtcttcctcgcaaaaagatgataccacaatgcaatattcaattcaagttgaattagatggcaagtggacgcagaataggaagcttgctgataaacttaccgccgtttatcgtgctattgatgagcctaggcgagccgaaagagttaattcttgcggtacttggttagagtttgcagttcatggaaacgattacaagcttcattctgcgaatttttgcaaagataggctttgtcctatgtgccaatggcgtcgttctatgaaatccgcctatcagctgtctagagtcttagattcggctgcggataatggttgtcggtttgtgtttcttactcttaccattcgcaattgtgtttccgatgatttggcagctacagttgatgttcttcttaagggttgggaatctctaagacataataagcggttcaagaaagccgtattaggttctttccgttctcttgaagtaacttacaatcgtaaagctaatactttccatccgcatttgcatattatctttgcagttctgcctagttattttacttcaagagattatatctcccagaaggaaatccgctctatctgggcaaaatgcatcaatgttgattatgacccttcttgccgtattgagaaggttcgcgattcttttggtattgatggtgataaggatttccggcgttcggttcttgagcttactgcccctcaaagtaaggtttctgaatctgaccggttaaatgttatcaatagattttctaggtacaattcaaagcagggtgtcgttattcaggggtcttttgaagaacaatgcctgaaagcatctgccttcatttcgtcgctttcttatcggcgtttatttgcttatactggcattcttgctgaggttcataaagctttgagttttgatgatgccgaagacggggaccttgttcatactgcggaaaatcttcgtgatgatgttgcagatgctattatctcttttcgttggcagtttggtagttacatacgagaggaggtgatttga
>gene_381|Protein rep
atgaacgataaaaaaaagaacgccgattccgtattgccgtacgaaatcagcggttctccttcgcttggtggttcgtcttcctcgcaaaaagatgataccacaatgcaatattcaattcaagttgaattagatggcaagtggacgcagaataggaagcttgctgataaacttaccgccgtttatcgtgctattgatgagcctaggcgagccgaaagagttaattcttgcggtacttggttagagtttgcagttcatggaaacgattacaagcttcattctgcgaatttttgcaaagataggctttgtcctatgtgccaatggcgtcgttctatgaaatccgcctatcagctgtctagagtcttagattcggct
>gene_33674|Replication protein
atgaatcgagctgcaagtcaagcgccagaactgatagaaaccggccggaaacggcgggcatccgatatagtagcgccttggcttgacaagtggataacggacacgcagcgtagccgcttcaggcattgcggcgactatctggtgtttttggaggatgaccagcgcgagcatcgcaagcttgatgtcggcttcttttgcggcatccggctatgtcctggttgcgcatggcgtgagagcatccgcaatgcggagcgcgtcgcgtccatatccggagcgctggccgaccaaggtcggataatgctcatggtgacgctcacggtgcccaacatatcagctgatcggctgcgaatcacggtgcagcatatcaaccgaagctggaacaggcttatgcgtcggcaacgatatgaaccgtggtcggacaatatccgcaagctcgaaatcacatacaaccgccacactgatacttaccatccgcacctacattgcgtggtatatgtccaaaaatcttacttcggcaaacgctacatttcccagcaacagttattgcaggactggcgcgaagtgacagggcagccggaaataacacaagtcgatgttcggcgctgccgtgaccgtggcacgacaaacgctgtcctcgaggtcgccaagtacagcgccaaagcgagcgactactcgcaaagcgaggatgtacttgacgcgatgtacaacgccctgcatcacactcgccttatgacctacgcagggaaatgcaaggcgctgtcaaccgcgtacaatgacggcgagctggaagagtatcggcagctcgacaccaccaaatacaccatgcgcgtggtatatgtctggcagcgactacaagacgggacatggcaatacgtcgaacatgacgtgcaaccatacgacatggatgaagccgagatggacaggctccgacatgacgaagaacgcgccgtagcctatgccatggacaaagccaaccggcaagagacatggtcaaaatggatgcggaccgactggctccgcgctctccgcgctgcggatgacgataatctggaggtggtcgagtga
>gene_53290|Replication initiator protein A (RepA) N-terminus
cgtcaaggcaatatgaaccccgaagttcatatttaccgctatgtgacagaggccaccttcgatgcgtatctgtggcagaccttggagaacaagcagaagtttatctcgcagatcatgacctccaaatctccggtgcggtcctgcgacgatatcgacgaaaccgcattgtcctatgcggagattaaggcgctctgtacagtgatgtga
>gene_45578|Mobilization protein A
atggcgatctatcatctgcgggcctcgatgatctcccgctcggccgggcgcagcgccacgggggcggccgcctaccgctctggcgagcgtatccacgatgcgcgcaccgggctcgacttcgactaccgcgcccgcagcggcgtcgagcatgtcgaaatcctcgcccccgcccatgcgccggactgggtgcatgaccgcgccgcgctgtggaaccgggtcgaggccgccgagatccgcaagaacagccagctcgcccgcgaaatccgcgtggccctgccggccgagctggatcacgcggagcgcgtggcgctggtccgcgacttctgccagcggtccttcgtggaccgcggcatggtcgcggacatcgcgctccacgcgccggggctgaccggcgacgagcgcaaccaccacgcccacatcctgctgaccacccgcgagatcgatgcggagggcttcaccgccaagaaccgcgactggaacgccgtggcggtcctggaggactggcgggaagcctgggcgcaggaggccaatgccgcgctggagcgatccggccacgcgctgcggatcgaccaccggacgctggaggcgcagcgcgcggaggcgctggagctggcccaggaggcgcgggagcgcggtgacgaggtcgaggagctggtgcagacggtgcgggcggtggagctggaccgggagccgttgccgcaactgtcgctcggggcctggcagctcaaggagcgcggcatcgaggtcgcggcggtgcgggtctggcaggaggtccgggagcgcgcccttgaggtcgggcgcgtggcccaggagctggccggccatgcccgcgactggctcgggcgggtggccgagcgggcgctggaggcgctggagccggcgcccgatgcctggggcgacttcttcgcggaagccgcgacaggcgggctgcgcgatgacctggcgcgcgatctggagcgggagcggcaggcggcggaccaggccgagcgcgtccgccaacgggagttggtgaaggagcgggaggcgcatgcgcgccgggacgacgagctgggccacgagttgtag
>gene_15026|mobilization protein
atggcatatgggattatgcgagcggagaagctcaagggcagtactggcggactgcaaagggagcacaacagaactgccgaaatgcaagggcagtatgattttcctgcatcgagcattaactgggagcgcaccagtgagaacctgtacttggtaaagagcaacgactggaatgccagaagaaaagagctgttaaaacagcacgggattgaaagatggcgaaaagatgcagtgataagcactgacataatttttacagcttcgccagaatggtttgagggaaaatcgaaagcggatattagaaaatactttcaagaatgcgtgcgctttgcaaatgcgcactttggcaaggtatacaatgcggtcattcatttcgatgaagcgacaccacaccttcatgtgaacagtgtaccactcgttcaaaaggagtctggcgagtggaaattatcagccaaagaaatatttggcaatagaacgcagctctcaaagttacaaacggcttttcatgaagaggtaagttctttctttggcttaaagaggggagaatcgagaggtgtggaagagaagagagaacatttaacggttctcgaatataaggcatctaaaaagctccaggaagttcaggaagcggaagaacggcgaaagctagaagaaagtaaggctgagtcattaaaagcgcaccagaacgccctagaagccgaaataagcgatttaagcaaagcaaaggcagaaaaactcgctgaatttgaaaaattcgctaaaatcgacgctaaggctcttgcaaaggagataatagagtatgtgcaaatgctacaagtaaacggacaagcaaaaatcaatgcagaagtacaaaaacatcttcaaaaaattcaagagagatacggcaaaactaaactagagcaacttttgtgccagagagtaggtttaagcgaagaagagtatgagaagttaaagcaagaagtgatagataatatagcgactaaaagcatcgaaagaagcgtagaaccactacaaaaagctttagaagaaccagagcttatgaaaacgtttctggatatcgtgctataa
>gene_26328|mobilization protein
atggcatatgggattatgcgagcggagaagctcaagggcagtactggcggactgcaaagggagcacaacagaactgccgaaatgcaagggaagtatgattttcctgcatcgagcattaactgggagcgcaccagtgagaacctgtacttggtaaagagcaacgactggaatgccagaagaaaagagctgttaaaacagcacgggattgaaagatggcgaaaagatgcagtgataagcactgacataatttttacagcttcgccagaatggtttgagggaaaatcgaaagcggatattagaaaatactttcaagaatgcgtgcgctttgcaaatgcgcactttggcaaggtatacaatgcggtcattcatttcgatgaagcgacaccacaccttcatgtgaacagtgtaccactcgttcaaaaggagtctggcgagtggaaattatcagccaaagaaatatttggcaatagaacgcagctctcaaagttacaaacggcttttcatgaagaggtaagttctttctttggcttaaagaggggagaatcgagaggtgtggaagagaagagagaacatttaacggttctcgaatataaggcatctaaaaagctccaggaagttcaggaagcggaagaacggcgaaagctagaagaaagtaaggctgagtcattaaaagcgcaccagaacgccctagaagccgaaataagcgatttaagcaaagcaaaggcagaaaaactcgctgaatttgaaaaattcgctaaaatcgacgctaaggctcttgcaaaggagataatagagtatgtgcaaatgctacaagtaaacggacaagcaaaaatcaatgcagaagtacaaaaacatcttcaaaaaattcaagagagatacggcaaaactaaactagagcaacttttgtgccagagagtaggtttaagcgaagaagagtatgagaagttaaagcaagaagtgatagataatatagcgactaaaagcatcgaaagaagcgtagaaccactacaaaaagctttagaagaaccagagcttatgaaaacgtttctggatatcgtgctataa
>gene_57631|Replication protein
atgccaaaatcaaagaagaaaacagagccaatcaaaggcataggacgcaaccaggcagaactactcgttcaaaagtctcgcccgctgttcagcctttggcggtcgaattataccctcgcggacttcaagattcttgatgcgtatttatcgcgtatcaatagccaaaagcccgacgaccgcacggtcgtgcttgaaaagggcgaactcgagaagctgctcggagtaacaagaatttcaaaatcggaccttgatgcaagacttaaccgcctcggcagcgcggtggatcttgccaagaacaacccgaataaatcacatcacattgcactttttgaggaagcgtacgccgaaaaggatgatttcggtatctggacggtgcggctcacgtgcacacaaaaagcgatgcaatactttttcaatgtcgaagagctcggatatctgcgctataagctgcgcagcataacgagcctaacgagcagatacacatatctcatgtttatctacctcgaggcgaaccgtttccgcaagacgtgggacgtcgacctcgacgagcttaaggagattttaggctgcgatgatgatttgtattctgaatacaaacgcttcaacgagcgtattttgaaacgctgccacaccgagctcacgaaaaaaaccgaatgccgatttacttatgaacccatccgcaaaggtcgagcagttgcggctgtgcgcttcacactcgaaactcgcgcagacctgccggcgacgtttaccgaagaagaagacgccgaacagctctcaatcgacgtcgtttgtgagaacgtttacgaaaacgaaactctcgactttctcgccgatgcgtgcaagcgagagtttaccgaagcggagatgatggtgatatccgacgccctggtgcgcgctgttccgttctcaagcggtttgcatggtggggttaatttagagcgttacgaatgtttaatgcgcgcatatcacaacctcgaggttcgtgcacgtcgttcagacctcgagccaataaagaaccgctgttcgtatcttgtgaagatgatcgagcgcgagatcgatgagtga
>gene_27564|Replication protein
atgccaaaatcaaagaagaaaacagagccaatcaaaggcataggacgcaaccaggcagaactactcgttcaaaagtctcgcccgctgttcagcctttggcggtcgaattataccctcgcggacttcaagattcttgatgcgtatttatcgcgtatcaatagccaaaagcccgacgaccgcacggtcgtgcttgaaaagggcgaactcgagaagctgctcggagtaacaagaatttcaaaatcggaccttgatgcaagacttaaccgcctcggcagcgcggtggatcttgccaagaacaacccgaataaatcacatcacattgcactttttgaggaagcgtacgccgaaaaggatgatttcggtatctggacggtgcggctcacgtgcacacaaaaagcgatgcaatactttttcaatgtcgaagagctcggatatctgcgctataagctgcgcagcataacgagcctaacgagcagatacacatatctcatgtttatctacctcgaggcgaaccgtttccgcaagacgtgggacgtcgacctcgacgagcttaaggagattttaggctgcgatgatgatttgtattctgaatacaaacgcttcaacgagcgtattttgaaacgctgccacaccgagctcacgaaaaaaaccgaatgccgatttacttatgaacccatccgcaaaggtcgagcagttgcggctgtgcgcttcacactcgaaactcgcgcagacctgccggcgacgtttaccgaagaagaagacgccgaacagctctcaatcgacgtcgtttgtgagaacgtttacgaaaacgaaactctcgactttctcgccgatgcgtgcaagcgagagtttaccgaagcggagatgatggtgatatccgacgccctggtgcgcgctgttccgttctcaagcggtttgcatggtggggttaatttagagcgttacgaatgtttaatgcgcgcatatcacaacctcgaggttcgtgcacgtcgttcagacctcgagccaataaagaaccgctgttcgtatcttgtgaagatgatcgagcgcgagatcgatgagtga
>gene_44949|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcgatctatcacctgcgggccacgatgatttcccgctcggccgggcgcagcgccacgggggcggccgcctatcgctccggcgagctgatccacgatgcgcgcaccgggctcgacttcgactaccgggcgcgcagcggcgtcacccatgtcgaaatccttgcccccgcccacgcgccggactgggtccacgaccgcgccgcgctgtggaaccgggtcgaggccgccgagacccgcaagaacagccagctcgcccgcgaggtccgcgtggccctgcccgccgagctgagccacgaggcgcgggtggagctggtccgcgacttctgccagcggtcctttgtggaccggggcatgatcgcggacatcgccctgcacgcgccgggccgtgagggcgacgagcgcaatcaccatgcgcatattttgctcaccacccgcgagatcggtctggaggggttcaccaccaagaaccgcgactggaacgccgtggcggtgctggaggactggcgggaagcctgggcgcacgacagcaacgccgccctggagcgggcgggccacgcgctgcggatcgaccaccggacgctggaggcgcagcgcacggaggcgctggagctggcggccgaggcacgggagcgcggcgacgaggtcgaggagctggtgcagacggtgcgcgccgtggagctggaccgggagccgttgccgcaactgtcgcttggggcgtggcagctcaaggagcgcgggatcgaggtcgcggcggtgcgggtctggcacgaggtccgggagcgcgcccttgaggtcgggcgggtggcccaggagctggccggccaggcccgcgactggctcgggcgggtggccgagcggacgttggaggcgctgccacagcatgatgcttggggggatttcttcgcggaagccgcgcagggcgggctgcgcgacgacctgtcacgcgatctggaccgcgagcgacaggtggcggaacaggtcgagcgcgtccgccagctggagcttgtgaaggaacaggaggcggcccatgcgctccgggacagggggctggaccatgggctgtaa
>gene_57670|Replication protein
atgatatttgaacagaaggatatgaacctgcaggcgttccgtatgctgatgttctaccttgcaaagataaacccggcgcgtccggatctcacagaggtcagagttccccttgagacctacgcggaaatgcttggagtcgagctgaacgagcaagctattgatgcgagcacaaatatgctcctgggatatgttctgaaaaccggcagagttgacgccggagaatacgtgatcataaacgccaagtatagcgttttttcggtgtgccgcttggcagaacgtaagagcgacggcaagcgagtgcttgagttcaagtgttccgaggacgtcaagcccttgatttttgaaatgcaatcaaaattcacgatgttcaacgtttggaatgtcctcaacctctccaacttccaggacattcgtatgtatatgctgctctctcaatacaaggtcgcaggatctaagacgttcactcttgaggagctcaaggacaagctcggtattaacagagaagcatatcccgagttcaagatattttcaagagcagtattgaaaaaatgtcaaaaggcactcaaagaacggacggacatctgctttgagttcaaggccgttggacgtccggctcattcggtgctcttcgatatttcagcaaacaaggagtataagatcttaaagtatcttgaggaagtggccaatccaaagcaactttatcaaggagattctgcgtgtgataacgagcaaatgagcatcgaagacgttcttgaggacgaagaacgtgaagaatcagaaaacacaagacgccaggatctatgcgagggcttccaagattctttgtataaagaattttcatacgagcaacttgttgagctctacgagctcgcaggagaacatgttgatcccaagcgggttgaagaattgaaatatggcggagtgtttggagcaagtgaggcgcagcaacgtgcggttgaagaatacatccggcgcaagatcctatattgcaactcctacgcggatcctgttccgcatcgattcaaatttatcagaaaagcagtagccgaagattggagataa
>gene_14223|MobA/MobL family protein
gtggcgagttctgcttatcgttctggtgaaaagttagttgatgaagaaacaggattgattcacgattttacaagaaaaggcggtgtggaatattctgaaattatgctatgcaaaaatgcaccagaagaatatcaggatagggaaacactatggaacgcagtgcagaaaatagagaagtcgaaagacgcaagacttgcaagggaaattgaagtagcacttccaagagaactgtcaagggaagaacagataacatgcataagggaatatgtcagcgaaaacttcaccagtaagggcatgtgttccgactggtctatccatgacaagggagacggaaacccacacgctcatatcatgctcacaacaagaccaataaaagaaaatggagaatggggagtaaaggaaaagaaagcctatgctttggataaaaatggagaaaagataccattaattgacccagcgaccggactgcaaaaagtagacaagcagaaccgcaaacaatggaaaagggaaactgtccaagctaatgactggaacagaagcgagaaagtggaagagtggcggagcgcatgggcggagcagtgcaataaatatttagccagggaaaaccagatagaccaccgctcatatgaacgtcagggagtggagcaactgccgaccatccatgagggatatgttgcaaggaagataggggagaagtcggagcgcatccagtacaacaacgaggtcagagaagctaacagagagattaaaagcattgaaataaaagaaaaaatttatgaaaaagaagttgcgagaatcaaggaacagataaaagagaaagcgagagaattacatgaacgtttacgaggacttagaggacgctttggagttggtagaacaggcagaagcggagaaaaagaagtggaaggaatcagcggagaagctgaacgcagagaacaacagactaatgaacttgaacatgaagttgaatgcagagaacaagaagctaatggaatcaatcaagacactagacaaagagaacaagaagctgaacgcagagaacgagagactgaacagagagaacagtcacgcacaaagccacagaatgaccatatagaggattttaatgttcaatgcaaggaaaatataggcgaagtcgaaaaagagcctatacgggcaaataacgagccacaggaacaaatagaaaaagaaagtccaaaaaacaacagtgaagaaatagaactgactggacaactggaggaaaagcaaaaagaaatagcagccattcagaaattaaagggaaaatgggaaaaagctaatgaaattcaaaaggaaatagataccgtttctgcagaacttaaggcagaagaaaataaaaatttcctaagaagaagtaaaaccaaaatcgaagatctaaagaaacgattagaaaatttggagaagaatctggaaagataccatgacccaagaattggatttaatcaatatctttctatgaatcaaaaggaaaaattcttaaagagtgacattcgaaacttaaaggagcaattagaaaaagcaaaagacaagcagaagaatggaacaaagaataaagaaatcgcaaacgaaaatgaaattacaaaagtaagaaacagagataaaacacgctaa
>gene_55874|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaaaatgagcatttcggttgttaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcataataaccgtgactttaccactccaaacgtagacaaagatagggtaaaggataacatcacatacaaggctgaaccgatagagcaagcctatgaaaagtgcttcggggcagaggtggaacggtacaactccacccaaaagagggcagaccgaagaatagacaactacatggactatatacggaactcaaagaatggggagaagctgttctatgaaacggtggtgcaggtcggcaacaagtttgactgtgccgttggcacggagaacggagagcttgcgaaaagggctttgaatgactatatgcaggacttccaacgcaggaacccgaacctctatgtgtttaatgcggtgcttcacatggacgaagccaccccacacttgcatatagactacataccgcttgcacatggctaccaaaggggcttgcaggtgcggaactccttagataaagcccttaaagagcagggaattgacggaaaagccaacaagaaggagaacagcacccataattggcaggaagccgaaaaaaccgccctagagggctttatgagggcttacggtttggaacgtgctgaagaaagagggctaaagcgtgaccatatgagcatagaccaatacaaggcggttgcggagcagatacacaacgaagtgagggaactcccgaagcagatagaaaccgcccccatgatgctcaataaagagcgtgtaacagtcaagaagtcagaccttgaagcgttggagcagagggcgaagctgtccttagtccatgagaaagccactaaggagcttcaaaagggcatggaaaagagccaagcagaggggcaacagtacatcactaccaaaatgcacctatcccttatgaaccttgatagtgccgaaaaagagcttgataaagccaatgaggaacgcaggaaagctgttgaattaaggcagaaagcggagaaaatggttaaggcacaagaggaactaaatgaccgctacaaaaggctgtatggggcttatacagaccaacaaaagaccatagccacccaaaaggacgaaatctcggctttaagagccgaaaacagctcgttaaaggctcagattgccgatttaagacaatctatcgaagaaagggtacaaagggcgcttgaacctcttaaaaagcaaatagagagccttacagagcatttgcagggcatggctcggagcttaaccaacgtggttaaagcggttggtatgctcaaatacgataaaggggaatataaagccaatctgacagataagcagggcgaagtcgttgacgctgtggcagaatatgcaaagacttggatagaaaaagacctcggaaactgtcaagaaaccgaagtaatgaaagcggagatagacggtcaagtggggctttccaaaggcataaaggaatacatgacccccgattaccccgacttgctttactataaaggcggagataagggcaggggcttctactccaaagagggcaaatactatggaaatcttgacattctgcccgaacttcaaaagcagggggttactatcaaagacccatacgaactcatgccaggaagaggcagagggagataa
>gene_55693|Replication initiation protein
atgaagaaagctgctgaacctatcgtcggcctgagtagagacccggagaacaagctgacggtgcaaaaatctaatccgttattttccctctggcagtccgatatgaccctgccggagtttaagatcttggatacatatctgagccgaattgatagtcaccatccagaaaaacggagcgtgattttttcaaagggagaattggaagagctgctcggcgtgaccaaaatcaacaaggatgctttgacaacgcgattgagcaatctggggcgctttgtcgaggtcgagaagtctgataacaagatccacaaggttgcgctttttgaggaagcctacggcgagatggacgaaaatggtctgtggcaagttagattgacctgtactcctgcagcgatgaagtacatcttcaacatagaggagctggggtaccttcgctacaaacttcgaagcataacgagcctgagtagccgttacacctacattctcttcttgtacctggagaaaaaccgttttcgcaagacttgggaagaggatgtgaatacgctgcgccagattttgaactgtgatacggaaccaacctatgccgagtttaagcgtttcaacgatcttattctcaaaaagagtcaaagagaacttcacgagaagtctgagtgccggttcacctacgaacccatcaagaaaggacgtagggtttctggtatccgatttaccctggaaaccctcagagaccgccttgaggggcctgaggatgaggtcgatccaaaccagctttcgttgtttgaaggagatttccatgaggtcgaagatctcacagaagccaattctgatatggagcttttccgggatttgctcccagcggaacttaccgatgaggaaatcgtggtgctgcgcactctggctggcccgagagttccacacaaccctcacggagctaagcctcggtcgattgagattatcgattatcttgtctacaaggttcgtctgatggatgcctcaaagaagccggttaagcgtaaatttggctggcttaaggctgtcatcgagaaggatgatattgtgaattaa
>gene_29999|Replication initiation protein
atgaagaaagctgctgaacctatcgtcggcctgagtagagacccggagaacaagctgacggtgcaaaaatctaatccgttattttccctctggcagtccgatatgaccctgccggagtttaagatcttggatacatatctgagccgaattgatagtcaccatccagaaaaacggagcgtgattttttcaaagggagaattggaagagctgctcggcgtgaccaaaatcaacaaggatgctttgacaacgcgattgagcaatctggggcgctttgtcgaggtcgagaagtctgataacaagatccacaaggttgcgctttttgaggaagcctacggcgagatggacgaaaatggtctgtggcaagttagattgacctgtactcctgcagcgatgaagtacatcttcaacatagaggagctggggtaccttcgctacaaacttcgaagcataacgagcctgagtagccgttacacctacattctcttcttgtacctggagaaaaaccgttttcgcaagacttgggaagaggatgtgaatacgctgcgccagattttgaactgtgatacggaaccaacctatgccgagtttaagcgtttcaacgatcttattctcaaaaagagtcaaagagaacttcacgagaagtctgagtgccggttcacctacgaacccatcaagaaaggacgtagggtttctggtatccgatttaccctggaaaccctcagagaccgccttgaggggcctgaggatgaggtcgatccaaaccagctttcgttgtttgaaggagatttccatgaggtcgaagatctcacagaagccaattctgatatggagcttttccgggatttgctcccagcggaacttaccgatgaggaaatcgtggtgctgcgcactctggctggcccgagagttccacacaaccctcacggagctaagcctcggtcgattgagattatcgattatcttgtctacaaggttcgtctgatggatgcctcaaagaagccggttaagcgtaaatttggctggcttaaggctgtcatcgagaaggatgatattgtgaattaa
>gene_31386|Replication initiation protein
ttgttccaaatcatcgaggtcaaggacgagaacaagcgcaaaggtttcaagctgataaacctgtttgaggaagccgatgcagagcaggacgatgacggtctttggcagataacattgacttgtaccgcttcggctcgtgaatacgtgtttaacatcgacaccctcggctatctacggtataggctgaaaaatgtgataaaccttacatcacggtacagctatgtgctgtttctgtatctgctcgacaaccgttttcgcaagacatggagcattgaccttgtggatctcaaagcattgctcaactgcaacgctgaacgatataagcaattcaagttctttaactcggaaatactaaagaaatgccacaaggaaataactgaaaagactgatttacggttttcatataagccgaacaagaaagggcgtaaggttgcggaaatcgaatttacagttgataccatttccgatgagctgccagacattgacgagccgcagctccatcttatcgctcccgatcagatggaggacgagcgatgggacggtaatcttgaatttctctcaggtgcttgccgtaatgagttctcgcctgctcaggtgaatgagctgatacaaatcctcgtgaccatgtatcttccgccgcatgaaatgggcgtgtggtttgctcggtatcactatcttgcagagaagtacgcaagactgaacacagaagccgaaaaacgcaagattcctcatcgtttcagctacctgaaaaagattatccagtctgacagagatgaacaaaacccttga
>gene_50135|Putative replication initiator protein
atgttaaagtttactcaacctaaaactatgctttctgtggctaaagattttagtgtagatattcagtatgtagagcgtattaaatctacatttaataaagccctcgcatatttaactcacgctaacacacccgaaaaacaccagtatagtgttaaagatgtttacactaacattttagagatagataaaataactaaccgagagcgtaaagttagtttagatgatatatacgataaaatagactcgggcgagataaggcagtataacatagttaagtatttaagcgtaaaagactatgtagagaataagcgaaaaatcgatactgctttttcctattatcagaagaagaatagaaactatgatagaaaaatgagtgtagtatatatttttggcgctagtggctctggtaaaactaggttagcgaaaaaactgcttaaatactggaataaagacttttacctctctagtgggggtaaaaatatgctcgacgattatggtggtgagcctgctattcttttagatgattttagagataacatactagatcataccgacttcttaaaactgctagacccttatacctcatctatggcaggcgctagatatgttaacaaggctatttattgcgacactattattataacttcagtatgttcgcccgagtctttatatccctttaatgatgaggataaagtccagattttaagaagattgccgatagttatagaaataaaatcatctgataacactatcgaaatatcttattttaatagtgagttaggtagccattttccctcattttctgccagttttaatgtagaagatatagagagtatagcaaaagaattaaatagtaaaataaaagaaataaatagtgaggaatcataa
>gene_5466|Putative replication initiator protein
atgaaacaacctataaaaacctttagaaatctcgagatatgccagtatttagagtttgcccctcatctctctacgcccgaccaagtggagtatctaataaaaaagttagattatatagataaatatgcttttatctaccataccgaagatgagaaacaccctcatatacatttaatgttaaaatttactcaacctaaaactatgctttctgtttctaaagactttaatgtagatattcagtatatagagcgtattaaaactacatttaataaagcactcgcatatttaactcacgctaatacacccgagaaacaccagtatagcactaaagatgtctacactaacattttagagatagataaaataaccaaccgagagcgtaaagttagtttagatgatatatacgataaaatagactcgggcgaaataaggcagtataacatatttaattatttaagcgtaaaagactatgtagaaaataagcgtaaaatcgacactgccttcctttactatcaaaagaagaatagaaactatgatagaaagatgagcgtagtttatatttttggtgctagtggctctggtaaaactaggttagcgaagaaattgcttaaatattggaataaagacttttatctttctagtggtggtaaaaatatgttagatgattatggtggtgagcctgctattcttttagatgattttagagatactattctagatcatactgacttcttaaaattactagacccttttacttcatctatggcaggtgctagatatgtaaatagggctatatattgcgacactatcattataacttcagtatgctcgcccgagtctttatatgcctttaatgatgaggataaagtgcagattttaagacgcttgcctatagttattcatataaaatcatctgataatactatcgaaatatcttattttaatagtgagttaggataccattttccttcattttctgttagttttaatgtagaagatatagagaatatagcgagagagttaaatagtaaaataaaagaaattaatagtgaggaattataa
>gene_40237|Putative replication initiator protein
gtgcgtaataatataaatactagtaataatttaaaaagcgttaaaaaccttaaaaacaagcaaattttgctgaaaaagcccgattttgtaattcagtcaaacgagctttcacgctcaatttatgcctgctcaatgcttgcgaggaaaataatcgcatatgcgagcgtaaaaatcagagaaaaagaggtagacactactccgtcatggtattctggcagaacatatatgcttttgccagcttctgaatttaaaatttcagagcttttgaaagctctcgaaatgacagacagtggagagaattataaaataatcagagaaacagtggaaaccatgaggactttgggagttgaactcatcaacaacgaaaaaagatatgtggcttataactggttcgaaaaaatagactacaacgagattgaggatagaattgagttcatttttacgggtacaatcggctggactttgtacgaactaaaagacggctactcaacaatggaactgaaaacaatcggagctttcaagagcttttacgcttttagattttacgaaattgccaagagctggaaagggcaaaagggcagggcaggaaataaaaaaggcgagtggtggttcaaaatgagcgttgaggaaatcagaaagactttcaaaatttctgacgatgcctactctggcagaatgaacaatttctttcaaaaggttataagaataccaatcgatgaactaaatgaagtttgcgatgagtttcaagttgaggtctcaaaagtaatgcgtggtcgctcggttgtcggttttcattttgaatgcaaagaaaaatatgagaagtcggaaaagctgaaaatcacaaaaaacgacagctttgaaacgaaagatgaaaaacggcttgtagctgcggaaagtagcttttttgaaaagtatcaagaagaattggataacgcatttgagaatgagaagctgcagttaaaccttttcagcggttttgacaaatctgattttgcaatcaaaaatcgtgccaggcaatcagtcataaacgcacacaaagaggaatgggagagaatacattaa
>gene_15089|Replication initiation protein
ttgacaaaattcgataaaaaaagtcccgatgtattgcgagtacatcaggacataaattcgacaaaaatttttatcgaaaacattaacactaattattttagcagtgattttgttgatagtcaagtttcagacattgacaatgaaattgacaaaaggtttttaccaaaaaaacagcagtctgatatgctcgcttctgtttatgaatttttagagatgtacagacgagctgaccgagttcagtcctgcggaacctggctcgagtttggtatattctccgacaaaaataaattggttttcgcaaatttttgtaaagacagattgtgtccaatgtgtaattggcgccgttccttaaaactttacggacaagtttctgcagttatggacgagttagaaagacaggggtataaattcctgttccttactctgactatcaaaaactgttctgcaagtgctttgagttcaacaatcgatattcttctgaaaggctttacaaagctgtttaataaaaatcgcagagtagcaaagcaaattaaaggctttttccgttctcttgaaattactaaaaatgcccgtactggtgaatatcacccgcatttacattgtattttggctgtaagggcagaatattttaacggcaagaattacatatctcaatctgaatgggctcaaatttggcaaaaatgcattgctgttgagtatcagcctataattgacatcagacgcattaaaagtggcgataagggtgtttctggtgccgttcgtgaagttgcgaagtattccgttaaaggctctgattttcttgatatgtctgatttggacagcaccgcagaaacagtagccgactttataaaggctctttcctttaggcgacttgtttcattcacaggtgtttttgctgacatcagaaaacaattaaaacttgatgatgttgagcaaggcgaccttgttcagactgatattgataatatccgcaatgatgttgcgattgctattgtcagatacggatataaaaacggttgttatacccttgataatgtttcaaaagggggtgtgtcagcttga
>gene_1297|Protein rep
gacaaaaaaagtcccgatgtactgcgaatacatcaggacggttcaacaaatgaatttgtcgaaaacattaacactaattattgtaacagtgattttgtcgatagtcaagtttctgacattgacaatgaaattgacaaaaggtttttaccaaaaaaacaacagtctgatatgcttgcttctgtatatgaatttttagaaatgtacagacgagctgaccgagttcagtcctgtggaacctggctcgagtttggtatattccccgataaaaacaggttagttttcgcaaatttctgtaaagacagattatgtccaatgtgtaattggcgccgttccttgaaactttacggacaagtttcagcagttatggacgagttggaaaaacaggggtataaatttctgtttcttactctgacaatcaaaaactgttctgcaagtgctttgagttttacaattgatgttcttctgaaaggttttacaaagctgtttaataaaaatcgtagagtattaaagcaaataaaaggttttttccgttctcttgaaattacaaaaaatgctcgcacaggtgaatatcacccgcatttacactgtattttagcagtaagacccgattattttaacggcaagaattacatatctcaaagcgaatgggctcaaatttggcaaaaatgtattgctgttgagtatcagcctataattgacatcagacgcattaaaagtggcgataagggtgtttctggtgccgttcgtgaagtggcgaaatattctgtcaaaggctctgactttctcgatatgtccgatatggacagcaccgcagaaacagtagccgattttataaaggctctctctttcagacgacttgtttcatttacaggtgttttcgctgaaataagaaaacaattgagacttgatgatgttgaacagggcgaccttgttcagacagacattgataatatccgcaatgatgttgcaattgctattgtcagatacggatataaaaacggctgttatacccttgataatgtttcaaaagggggtgcgacagcttga
>gene_52852|Mobilization protein
atgagtaagttagcatatcacgttcagcactacaaagcttcgcaatcaaatggcctttcacgacacaactgggagaaaagaggcaaggaagataagcatagcaatcaggatatcaatcctgaattaagttatctgaatgttcagatggttgtgccagagaaaagcttgtacatggctgcaaaaacacgaattgaggaagcctgcaatagcagggtgacgaaagcgagtaactggatcaccgaagcaattatttatcctccggacaatttaattacgaggtatcgagaatctggcgacagttcagagctgcagatgtattttcaagatgtcatttcctggcatagttctgaatttggaaaagaaaacattttggcggcggtgctacacctggatgaaacaacaccacatttacacctcgatctaattcctcttacaaaagacggtaagctctcaagcaaagaggtgtttgcccgaaaaaacctcagaagatatcatactgatttagcagctgctttgcaaaagcaaggctgggaaatagaacgaggtgaaagcacggcaggaaaacaagttcgttccgttagtgttgcggaatataaaaaacaagctgaagctcagaagcttgatttaatagcggagcttgaggaagccaggaacgaactcaaggcagtaaggcttgaaaccgaaacacaagaacaacatcttgaagaaatgactgctatcaaatcatatccagagtatatcgaaactgcagaagaatccaaaaatatcctccaggagctcaagaatgctctccaggagctttttaatcgtaactggatattccgaaacagattccaagaaaaaagggttctgcaggcctttgagcgcggaatagagcttattggccgttcgcttgccgccttgataggttatgagttggctcagaagcttccagaggagcaacgtcgttcaagagtaattacgaagtctcttgatagcataattcatgatgctcaaaagcaagaaaccttgtctgctccgaatcggaaacagattcttgggaaggaagaacatgacagatga
>gene_29332|Mobilization protein
atgagtaagttagcatatcacgttcagcactacaaagcttcgcaatcaaatggcctttcacgacacaactgggagaaaagaggcaaggaagataagcatagcaatcaggatatcaatcctgaattaagttatctgaatgttcagatggttgtgccagagaaaagcttgtacatggctgcaaaaacacgaattgaggaagcctgcaatagcagggtgacgaaagcgagtaactggatcaccgaagcaattatttatcctccggacaatttaattacgaggtatcgagaatctggcgacagttcagagctgcagatgtattttcaagatgtcatttcctggcatagttctgaatttggaaaagaaaacattttggcggcggtgctacacctggatgaaacaacaccacatttacacctcgatctaattcctcttacaaaagacggtaagctctcaagcaaagaggtgtttgcccgaaaaaacctcagaagatatcatactgatttagcagctgctttgcaaaagcaaggctgggaaatagaacgaggtgaaagcacggcaggaaaacaagttcgttccgttagtgttgcggaatataaaaaacaagctgaagctcagaagcttgatttaatagcggagcttgaggaagccaggaacgaactcaaggcagtaaggcttgaaaccgaaacacaagaacaacatcttgaagaaatgactgctatcaaatcatatccagagtatatcgaaactgcagaagaatccaaaaatatcctccaggagctcaagaatgctctccaggagctttttaatcgtaactggatattccgaaacagattccaagaaaaaagggttctgcaggcctttgagcgcggaatagagcttattggccgttcgcttgccgccttgataggttatgagttggctcagaagcttccagaggagcaacgtcgttcaagagtaattacgaagtctcttgatagcataattcatgatgctcaaaagcaagaaaccttgtctgctccgaatcggaaacagattcttgggaaggaagaacatgacagatga
>gene_3184|Replication protein
atgcaaaaacagattaacacaaaaaaggttaaaagtcaagaggaaagccaaaagttatatgaggaaaatgtctcacggattttagagaagatttgcgaaaagaaaaaagtaaaccttcgtgtaataaaatggcttaatgatgacaagagcgacaaaagacgagcaatgaacgtatttcaatgcgcgtctgaaactggtttttataatcaaaacggcgttgcccgtgttgcttatggaaccttctgccgtgaacgcgtatgtactgtgtgcgcatggcgcaggcaagttcgttttgttgaacagatgcgcccttgtttggaaattttaaaatttcaaggatatgagtttgtattttcaacgttgacagtgaggaatgttccgcgtgaggatttacaagaaactatagatatgctacttcatgcatatgacaaacttggaaagcgaaaggaaattaaaaaggcttttggtagtaggatgcggtcagtcgaggttacgtacaacgaagatgctaatacattccatccacatatacatatgcttattgcggtaaagaagtcatatttcaagtcgcgcgattacataagtcaagcgcgcttgcgtgaaatatggcaacaatgcattgaagcggaatatcttccgcaatgtgatatcagaaaagttacggatgaaggcggggcgtctttggaatgtatgaaatacgctctcaaaccgactttaaacgagacggcactagacggcttttttgaggttttgtcagggagaaggcttgtaagtttttcaggagcttttgcgaaatatagaaaagtgagaaggcttacagatttcgaccaagtattaacggatgcggaaacatcttacgatttaaatgacggacattttgacctatacgggatagacgtaaatggtggctttagcttttacatggatagctttcatgtatgcgataaagaacgtaatgtgttgatgcgccatgtgaaagaggttgcagaaaataagccgtatatagcggatgcggtaaaggctaaatatgacgatatagcaaaaatagcactggattggtag
>gene_56828|Replication protein
cttggaaaatatcgttatgacgatagtgagattgtttccaatttcgattggagagaggaactcaatgagagagctttatccagagccacttacggcgaggatatgactctgaaggaaagacttcgtatgaaggttttgaatggtgagttatctcttaaagaagtaaagaaaaactatcgtatcaattatatttccgatagagatatgctccaaaagctgagaatggaatatatctcagatgcacagcctcctgcaatccgccataatttttatataactggcgggggcggagtaggtaaaggagttgcaagcatttgtcttgcacacgcattgttccccgatattgaggacgaggaagaacttattttccgtgtgggtgcctacgagacaagcttcatgggttatgacggacagcctgttattatttgggatgacttccgttctggcgagttaatccgagctttgggaaacagaggaaatctgttcaatgtctttgaaacatctcccaaaaaggcaaaacagaatgtaaaatatggagcagttaatttgattaactctgtcaatattgtaaattctgttcagccttgggaggatttcatggacggccttgtgggtgaatataccgacaaaaacggaacttttcacgcagcagaagcaagcgaaaaaagacagtcgaaacgccgttttccgtttattgttcctttgagaacagaggattttgatattctgattaacaagggttatgttgacggaaatgaagcctatgacgaatattacaagtatcagaatatacttggaaacttcggaagactggcaaaggctatgcctggtatgcagtctgttgtcaaggtcggcggtgaaatgcttactcctttgcttgacggtgagcatggtgttcatgaagttgaaaaaaggagagaactgcaagaagctgacctttccgaatttgaaaattacggaaaaatggcttcgccgaaacctgaaattataactgtcgcagaacctagcgactacaaggaattgaccgacgaggaagctgaagatcttcctgcaggttggtaa
>gene_56767|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagcagactagcgtatcatgctgcacattttaagagcggccaggttgccggcatagccaggcataactgggaaaagcgtgggatacacgaccaacatagtaaccaggatatcaatcccaaattcagtgttctgaatgtgcagctgctcgagcaggagcgcagcctttatatggcgatcaaggaagatctggagaagcgttgcatcggccgtgtgactgcagcaagcaacgtgatgactgagactatcacatacgctccagatgacattgccggtgacatgaataaaacaaccgcctatttcaaagatgtcctggcttggcatcagcatgagtttggatccgaaaatgtaaaatcagccgtgatccactacgatgaaacgactccgcatatgcatacggatctgattccccttactgcagatggtcggctttgttcgaaagagatttttgcgagaaaaaatctgttccggcatcatactgagttggccaaatacctgcaggaacgtggctggagcgttgaacgaggcgaaaaaacaactgataagcaggtcagatctctatctgttccggagtacaagaaacaggctgagcaggcaaaggaacgtttgataacggagctgcagaagcagcggctgcagcttgcttcgaaccagacggtgatcgatcagcagaagcagcagatattggaagctgaatcctggcttcagaagattccggattggccggcttacgatgctgaagcagatcgtgcctggaatgcccttgagaggctcagaaagctcatgcaggaggttttcagccggagcctagtgttccgcaaccggaagggcgagaaaagcctcctggaggccgtacagggcgttagagataagatcatgacgattatatcggccatgcgtggttttgaagtacgcgagcacgttccggaagatcggcagcgttcgaaagtgatattgaatgcacttgatgatctgattcagaatgccgaggaccggcgcgatcgcgagcaaaagaacctggaataccaaaaaacgaacgaagaaaaaagcccctccagatga
>gene_51191|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
ggtgattttatggctattaaaggcaacgaattagtagaaaagagaaacattctgaatgaagtccgcaagaacaatatgagcttgcaagaacttcgatttttcagcatttatcttagcaagataaacgcccgggacacatctactcgcaccgtgcgttttccgttaaaagactttcaaaaaataatggagtttggacgtttgaatactacacagcttaaagcaacaacagatagccttttgggtaaggttgtaagcattccgacagaacgtggcggctacaaatcattccagctgtttaaggagtgtactgtcgatagggatgaattcgagcaatggtacgtggagattgatgctcacgataaagctctgcctctgatgtttcaattcaaaaaagaatactttacatatgagctctggaatgccttgcgattaaagtccccaaatcatttgagaatgtatgagttgttaaagcagtacgaaaagaccggcgagcgaaaagtcacgctgcaggatttgcgtgccatgctcggcattggcccggaagaatatccgagatgggacaactttaaaaggcgaataatagacggcagccaagaggctttggcagagaatacagatatctgttttgattataagccgattaaggcaggcagaaagatagtcggcatacatttctttatcaagaagaatccgagacacgttgatcagctctcgctggatgagtttattaaccaacaggacgattatatcgagattgacgatgaagaggaacttaacgaagcaagagataaccggggcaagatttgtgccggctttgaagatgaaatctttgatgagtttaccgatgagcaattgaccgagctacgttctcttgcctggaatatggttgaccctgatgacgtggaacgagagcagagcgttctcggagatatgcttatggctaaagagtttgttgtttccggctacatcagacagaagattcttatgtgtaatgcaaagggaaaagacgtaaaaagcagatatggttttataaaaggtgcggtagatgaagattggagataa
>gene_17425|Putative replication protein
gtggaggtgtttttcgtgacgagtaataaaaaaattgctaatgcaagaaattcttatttagcaaagcaacagtttcttgaaagtttatatccttgtgttactccagttgacttctatcgagacgtttttcctgtaggtagtttccgtgctgaccgttcaggtactgacgatggtatgtgttgtggcattttttcgttcaaaggtgaaaaggacacacttgaagctatgaaacgtagagctcgtatagaaattgtgacaaagtctgacttgcctacagctatgaaatactttggtgcagttcttgttggtggctctgatgaagcgtctttggaaaagaaatacgactctttggattatcatttctctgctggtgcgtatagaaagccagggaaacctatccagagcgattgggttctacatgaccttgttcacgacgacctttcagaactgcaaatggcttttggtaagagaactgcacgtatggctccaattggttattttggtgacaagtttacttcaaaaaatgctcacatgctctattctattactttagacctcgatggggtgggtatagaacagctgaagaacctgctctatggcttcgaccatggtggttatgtgcgaccaacctatgtagttaactctggtcatggtctacacctttattatttgctcgaagaacctattcctttgtatgactatgtgaaaaagcctataacatacctgaaggaaaagctcatcgaccaaatttggaatgaatggactagtaaaattagagaccataaagacgctcaaccttggcatgaggactttagaatggtgggttctctctcaaagttgggtgttggttaccctgtaacagcttttaaaattggtgaccgagtaactttggaacagcttaatgacgaactttactctggagaccgtataaaattacctttgaccgagtatagacctaaaggtagaacaggaaaaacgctcgaagaatgcaaagaattgtacccagattggtatgaacgtgtcattgaacgtaaaggtacaaagcagaccagaacctcttatacgatgcaccgtgctgtttacgactcttggcttgaacgtataaagtctggtagaaaggttggaactcgttaccactgtatttcaatgctctttgcagcagcagtgaagtgtggtctaacttacgatgaagcttatgctgatgcactcgacctgctcgacagcttcgatgcgttggctcgtagtgattctgaacgttttacgaaagaggacatcgactgtgcttcaatgtattacaaggactgcttcaggaacatttctttggatgctgtaatgtcaaaaaccaaaatagacctgcctagaaataagcgaaatggtaacaaacaggaagttcattgtgaaattatgagaagtaccttagaaattaaaagaaagcataaaatgtgtagtgacactcgttttggtgcgaaagaaggtaacaaaagtggtcgttcatctgcagaacaaaccgtgcgagcttacctgcaggagcatccagaagctaaaaaagctgaagtaattcgtgaaactggtctagcaagaaacacggtttacaagtggtggaatgtaattaaaggtactgaaaagtag
>gene_8503|Initiator RepB protein
atggcaagaaagaagattgagccaatcgttggattaggcaaagaggacaagctgaccgtccagaagagcctgcccctctttgccctctggcggtcggagctgacactctccgagttcaaaatccttgacatttacctctcacggatagacagccacaagcccgataaaaggcaagtgttgctgacaaaaggggaaatcgaagaagcccttggggttcagaaaatcaacaacacagacctaaaagcaaggcttaaacacctcatgggaaatgtcgtggaagttccagataaagacacaaaaaaggggtttcggcttgtgacgctttttgaagaagccgaagcagagcaggacgagaacggactttggcaggtaaagttggagtgtacccaaaaagccatgaagtttttcttcaatgtcgataaccttgggtatctccgctataagctccgctgtatcacttctctgacaagccggtacacctacatcatgttcgtgtatcttgaagcgaaccgcttccggaaatcttgggaagtggagcttgatgaactaaaggcaatcctgcattgtgaggacgaggaaacctataaggagttcaagcgtttcaatgaccgccttttgaagcgtgtccagaaagaaatgaacgaaaagacagagtgcagatattcctacgagcctgtcaaaaaaggtcgctctgtggtggctatccgcttcacggtggagactttgccgaagctgacaatcgacagcgactatgacccgaaccagtacacccttgaggactggcaggacagcaggcgtgacgagatttgccacggcttttcaagtccagagttcgaggacttcacggacgaacagcttgaacttctcaaagaccttgggtggagcaggaagcgtgacgctgactaccagaagcacaaggcactcctgaacgatacagttctggcttgtgagtatgccgtctctgattacctgcgacagactatcatcatggcaaagaccagacacccgaagaacctctttctctatgtcaaaaagatggtcgagagtgacggcgattaa
>gene_13433|Initiator RepB protein family
atgccacaaagaaaaaaactaccgcctatcccagactatgagggaacaggcacctcccccgaaaaagcatacatacagaaatctcgtccgttacaatcactctcggaaacagaccttacgttgccagagctaaaaatacttgatgcctaccttgcaaggataaacagtcacgaccctgacaagcgtactgtcaagcttgaaaaaggcgaattggaaaggtatttgggtgtttctcgtattctgaaagatgaccttaacaaacggttgcgacatttgtttcaagtgattgaagtcaaggacgaaaacaaacgaaagggcttcaaactaatcaatctttttgaggaagccgatgcagaacaggatgaaaatggcttgtggcaggttactttaacttgtactccgtctgcaagagagtatgtattcaatatcgacaatatcggatatttgaggtatcgactaaaaaatgttatctatctaacttctcgatacagctatattcttttcctctatctcgtggacaaccgttttcgcaagtcttggcgaatcggttttgaggaattgaaatcattactcaactgcaatgcagaacgatattcgcaattcaagttctttaatgctgaaatcgtaaagaaagctcacaaagaaatcaatgaaaagaccgatttaagattctctttcacccctatcaaaaaaggtcgcaaagtcgctgaaattgaatttacagttgaaacattaaccgacatcgagcctccctcgattgaatgtgaggacttcgttcaaaccccattagagaatttagaggattgcgattttctgtggtgtgatgccataacagatgctaatttgaattttaccaaagagcagattgatgaaatacagcagatacttgttactgttccagcacataagatgcccgatatgaactgtggtatacatatcagccgttatcactacatcaaacagaaagtggctgaaatcgagcgtagaaacgctcaaaataagatacgaaacaaatttgcatatctattagctatgatgaaacaagatattgagaggtaa
>gene_31471|Initiator RepB protein family
atgccacaaagaaaaaaactaccgcctatcccagactatgagggaacaggcacctcccccgaaaaagcatacatacagaaatctcgtccgttacaatcactctcggaaacagaccttacgttgccagagctaaaaatacttgatgcctaccttgcaaggataaacagtcacgaccctgacaagcgtactgtcaagcttgaaaaaggcgaattggaaaggtatttgggtgtttctcgtattctgaaagatgaccttaacaaacggttgcgacatttgtttcaagtgattgaagtcaaggacgaaaacaaacgaaagggcttcaaactaatcaatctttttgaggaagccgatgcagaacaggatgaaaatggcttgtggcaggttactttaacttgtactccgtctgcaagagagtatgtattcaatatcgacaatatcggatatttgaggtatcgactaaaaaatgttatctatctaacttctcgatacagctatattcttttcctctatctcgtggacaaccgttttcgcaagtcttggcgaatcggttttgaggaattgaaatcattactcaactgcaatgcagaacgatattcgcaattcaagttctttaatgctgaaatcgtaaagaaagctcacaaagaaatcaatgaaaagaccgatttaagattctctttcacccctatcaaaaaaggtcgcaaagtcgctgaaattgaatttacagttgaaacattaaccgacatcgagcctccctcgattgaatgtgaggacttcgttcaaaccccattagagaatttagaggattgcgattttctgtggtgtgatgccataacagatgctaatttgaattttaccaaagagcagattgatgaaatacagcagatacttgttactgttccagcacataagatgcccgatatgaactgtggtatacatatcagccgttatcactacatcaaacagaaagtggctgaaatcgagcgtagaaacgctcaaaataagatacgaaacaaatttgcatatctattagctatgatgaaacaagatattgagaggtaa
>gene_54566|Initiator RepB protein family
atgccacaaagaaaaaaactaccgcctatcccagactatgagggaacaggcacctcccccgaaaaagcatacatacagaaatctcgtccgttacaatcactctcggaaacagaccttacgttgccagagctaaaaatacttgatgcctaccttgcaaggataaacagtcacgaccctgacaagcgtactgtcaagcttgaaaaaggcgaattggaaaggtatttgggtgtttctcgtattctgaaagatgaccttaacaaacggttgcgacatttgtttcaagtgattgaagtcaaggacgaaaacaaacgaaagggcttcaaactaatcaatctttttgaggaagccgatgcagaacaggatgaaaatggcttgtggcaggttactttaacttgtactccgtctgcaagagagtatgtattcaatatcgacaatatcggatatttgaggtatcgactaaaaaatgttatctatctaacttctcgatacagctatattcttttcctctatctcgtggacaaccgttttcgcaagtcttggcgaatcggttttgaggaattgaaatcattactcaactgcaatgcagaacgatattcgcaattcaagttctttaatgctgaaatcgtaaagaaagctcacaaagaaatcaatgaaaagaccgatttaagattctctttcacccctatcaaaaaaggtcgcaaagtcgctgaaattgaatttacagttgaaacattaaccgacatcgagcctccctcgattgaatgtgaggacttcgttcaaaccccattagagaatttagaggattgcgattttctgtggtgtgatgccataacagatgctaatttgaattttaccaaagagcagattgatgaaatacagcagatacttgttactgttccagcacataagatgcccgatatgaactgtggtatacatatcagccgttatcactacatcaaacagaaagtggctgaaatcgagcgtagaaacgctcaaaataagatacgaaacaaatttgcatatctattagctatgatgaaacaagatattgagaggtaa
>gene_18066|Initiator RepB protein family
atgccacaaagaaaaaaactaccgcctatcccagactatgagggaacaggcacctcccccgaaaaagcatacatacagaaatctcgtccgttacaatcactctcggaaacagaccttacgttgccagagctaaaaatacttgatgcctaccttgcaaggataaacagtcacgaccctgacaagcgtactgtcaagcttgaaaaaggcgaattggaaaggtatttgggtgtttctcgtattctgaaagatgaccttaacaaacggttgcgacatttgtttcaagtgattgaagtcaaggacgaaaacaaacgaaagggcttcaaactaatcaatctttttgaggaagccgatgcagaacaggatgaaaatggcttgtggcaggttactttaacttgtactccgtctgcaagagagtatgtattcaatatcgacaatatcggatatttgaggtatcgactaaaaaatgttatctatctaacttctcgatacagctatattcttttcctctatctcgtggacaaccgttttcgcaagtcttggcgaatcggttttgaggaattgaaatcattactcaactgcaatgcagaacgatattcgcaattcaagttctttaatgctgaaatcgtaaagaaagctcacaaagaaatcaatgaaaagaccgatttaagattctctttcacccctatcaaaaaaggtcgcaaagtcgctgaaattgaatttacagttgaaacattaaccgacatcgagcctccctcgattgaatgtgaggacttcgttcaaaccccattagagaatttagaggattgcgattttctgtggtgtgatgccataacagatgctaatttgaattttaccaaagagcagattgatgaaatacagcagatacttgttactgttccagcacataagatgcccgatatgaactgtggtatacatatcagccgttatcactacatcaaacagaaagtggctgaaatcgagcgtagaaacgctcaaaataagatacgaaacaaatttgcatatctattagctatgatgaaacaagatattgagaggtaa
>gene_16884|Initiator RepB protein family
gtggacaaccgttttcgcaagtcttggcgaatcggttttgaggaattgaaatcattactcaactgcaatgcagaacgatattcgcaattcaagttctttaatgctgaaatcgtaaagaaagctcacaaagaaatcaatgaaaagaccgatttaagattctctttcacccctatcaaaaaaggtcgcaaagtcgctgaaattgaatttacagttgaaacattaaccgacatcgagcctccctcgattgaatgtgaggacttcgttcaaaccccattagagaatttagaggattgcgattttctgtggtgtgatgccataacagatgctaatttgaattttaccaaagagcagattgatgaaatacagcagatacttgttactgttccagcacataagatgcccgatatgaactgtggtatacatatcagccgttatcactacatcaaacagaaagtggctgaaatcgagcgtagaaacgctcaaaataagatacgaaacaaatttgcatatctattagctatgatgaaacaagatattgagaggtaa
>gene_54450|Replication protein
gcagtagaaccgcattatttcaaaaatgaaaaatatattaagcgtgatgaatggttacgtctttggcagatgtcaatgaaagatgatactataacgcaggttgatattcgcacgatgaaaaataaaaagactggcgaagtatcgggtgaagctttggcttcagctgtagcagaaacggctaaatatgctgttaaatctgctgattatattttcaaaaacaataatggtctaatggataaaattgtcttaacgctttcttcggctctttctcatcgacgtttaactgcgttcggtggttgttttgcagaggctcgtaaaaagcttggtcttgatgattgtgaggacggtgaccttattcacattgatgataatagcatacgttcagaccttgcaacgatgatagtccgttatgaatggagttgtggagcttataagctcgtgaaaaaaacaaaacttcttgtatttggtgatatttctgttaatcctgaaacgggtgaggttatagaataa
>gene_54452|Replication protein
gtgtccattgttgacattgaacttgaaaagaaatggataccaaaaaaagaacagtctttgatattgtctgacagttatattcgtttgaactggggaagaaaagctgaacgagttgcaaactgtggttcttggttggaatttgtagagaggtcagagcagaggcaggggggaaccgctccggggtgcccctgtggggctccggacggaacccctgcctgcactaccacttacaaactatatcatgctaatttttgccgtgatagactctgtccaatgtgtagctggagacgtagttataaaatattcggtcaagttagtcagataatgaatttacttggtaatagttatcgatatatttttttgacattgacagtaccaaattgtgagtctaagaagcttaataagcttattgatgatatggttaaggggtggcatagacttataaatcgaaaggcatttaaaacagctgtaaaaggtttttttagagccttagaagttacccgaaataaaaagacaggtacatatcaccctcattttcacgttgtt
>gene_32433|Rep
gtgtccattgttgacattgaacttgaaaagaaatggataccaaaaaaagaacagtctttgatattgtctgacagttatattcgtttgaactggggaagaaaagctgaacgagttgcaaactgtggttcttggttggaatttgtagagaggtcagagcagaggcaggggggaaccgctccggggtgcccctgtggggctccggacggaacccctgcctgcactaccacttacaaactatatcatgctaatttttgccgtgatagactctgtccaatgtgtagctggagacgtagttataaaatattcggtcaagttagtcagataatgaatttacttggtaatagttatcgatatatttttttgacattgacagtaccaaattgtgagtctaagaagcttaataagcttattgatgatatggttaaggggtggcatagacttataaatcgaaaggcatttaaaacagctgtaaaaggtttttttagagccttagaagttacccgaaataaaaagacaggtacatatcaccctcattttcacgttgttatagcagtagaaccgcattatttcaaaaatgaaaaatatattaagcgtgatgaatggttacgtctttggcagatgtcaatgaaagatgatactataacgcaggttgatattcgcacgatgaaaaataaaaagactggcgaagtatcgggtgaagctttggcttcagctgtagcagaaacggctaaatatgctgttaaatctgctgattatattttcaaaaacaataatggtctaatggataaaattgtcttaacgctttcttcggctctttctcatcgacgtttaactgcgttcggtggttgttttgcagaggctcgtaaaaagcttggtcttgatgattgtgaggacggtgaccttattcacattgatgataatagcatacgttcagaccttgcaacgatgatagtccgttatgaatggagttgtggagcttataagctcgtgaaaaaaacaaaacttcttgtatttggtgatatttctgttaatcctgaaacgggtgaggttatagaataa
>gene_7329|Initiator Replication protein
atgaaaacgcccatgaaacaggccctcgccgatcgcgccgatcgccctgacgaactggtcgcctcgggccgccaaatcgacatgatattccggcccggccagcgtgttttgagcctccgggcgggcaagctttggcatctgctggtgaaagccgctggcgtcgatctggccgcgaacaaagaccaccgcatggcgctggcggacctctacggaagcggcatcggtcacatgacactggccgagcgtatcgacgcgctgcgggagttgcagactacgctaatcgaggtgcgcgtaccgtcgcccaaagtgaagggccggacccgggttatcagcgaggcgatgctggcgcgggtggaacgcgacgaggatgatcgaggcgatttagtgtggcgtttcggtgagacactgcgccgtgtgtttgcggacagcgagcattgggccgtgctgtcgaaacgcgccgtcatggccttcgaaagtcggtactcactgcgcctctacgagctgatcgcgctacgcgccccgctcgatcacaaaaccgcggaaatcttcacgctagaagacctgcgcgcccgtctcggtgtgccggtcggcaagcttgttcgatggcaggatgtgaaggttaaggctctcgatgcggccattggcgaggtcaaccagcttgcgggattccgggtaagttacgagccgatcaagaagggccgcgccatcacggcagtgcgactgatctgggaggaaaagaccgccccagagcgcaaggccgctaaacgcgaactagacgccccccgccctggtcgccgggcgcggcgggatgggtcggccaaggtaatcgccgtcagcggcacccccgaaccggacattgcctttcccgatgggccgatccgctacagcgcagcatggcaggctattgcagtggccaatctgccggcgccggcacgtgacatgaaccttgtggccgatgattttcgggcatgggccaggcacaatcgcaggccactacaaggtccccgagttgctggaatgttcgcgggcttttgtcgctcgcagaaatcggcagactga
>gene_922|Initiator RepB protein
cgcgttattattccggcaaaagaagagcttgacaagctcgctccatactcgtttgattttgagcctattttgcgcggtggtgtaggtaaacctggaaagaaaggtattaccggcattattttcaagccttacttcatcaaagaacatagagataaagaactagccgctaaagaagaatcatggaagtacgcgcaccacaaagacgcgatgattcaaagagtattcaacctggagcaaggcacgaaaaattatcttatgcatactctgggatttagtcaaagacaattggataataaccgcgaattgttcctcacagcaaaagaaaagataaaagactttgacaactttttacgcggcatagctccaagagctaaccacgcaaagaacccccagggatatgtaataaattccataaagctagaactccgtgaaaacggatatgtaatataa
>gene_28977|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttggctcacaacaacagagaattttttaccaaaaacatcaaccaagagcgaactcccgacaacatcacttttaagaaagagagtttaaaaaccgcatatagccattgtttcggtgaggcggtaagagagtacaacgagagacagaaaagagccgataggcgaattggcgactattaccgccaccttttcggagaggactattccaagtccgtaaaaacgaactccaacaagcagaactcattctatgaggacttggttcagataggaacaatggacgatacaggaattggttctgcacctgcagaagtggctgcacaaatcttatcggactatgcagagggcttccaagcaagaaacccgaatttttatgtttttaactccgtactgcacctcgatgaagcaacacctcatttgcatttggactacattcccttgaagcacggtagtagaggtttaggagttcaaaacggtctcgcaggggctctcaaggaaatgggcttcggtgatggcaaagatgctataagccgatggcgagagtccgagaggagagttctcgaagaactctgctctgaatacggaatcgagacaaaggctccggaaggctcaaggggttattcttttacagttgagaaatacaaagaggttaaaacccttgagcgaaaaaaagatgtgcttgaaagggctgtttctgacgctcagagggactatgacacagttatagagccctttaagactaaaagggctttggagaacatagagcccagaatgggctttgtaagggctaaagacatcgagcacatcacaagggcacatcttgttttgcctgacctacaaaaagaacttgaagccaccaaaacggagttgcaggacacaaaagaagcccttgctcaagaacaagcagagcgaagccacctgcagaaactccttgaccaagcaaatatttttattgctaagctgcaggacacaatcgaagggcttcgagagaggctcaagcctaaagagaagacgattgacgaggttatcgaagaagcagggcgacaaggtctccaagaggaa
>gene_28351|Plasmid recombination enzyme
tacaatctgcacagcggaacttcacggagcaattatgaaaagcgtatgagtgaagtgaagtgtatgaaccgtagcgacatcaatgtggtgtgtagttggtgcgtgactatgccaaaggacttagacccgtcaaaggagagtgagttttttgagagtacatacaacttcctttgtgagcggtatggggttcagaatgtggtttctgcaaatgttcataaggacgaaaccacaccacacttacatttcgcctttatgcccgttgtgacggacaagaacggggttgaaaagctgtgtgctaagaaagtatgctgtaaaaccgatttgatgtcttttcacaccgatttgaagcgtaggttggaaaaggacttgggctgtgaagtaaatgtcctaaatgacgctacaatagacgggaataagaccaaaaaggaactagtatatcaagaagtacagcaagctgaacaacagcgtgacagagcgattgacgattatttggacttggataagctgaacagcaagttggaaaagcgtatcggaaagcacaaggcagacaaacacgggaatgtcaaggtatctaagagtgagtatgatatgctctgtaacgcttatacagacgctcaagagctgataagcagagaagaacagcttagggtcagagaaagcgttgtagagcgttctaagggcattgtagagcgtgctgatgaagtgtctgcccttgaaaggtcactcaagaaaagagagcaatccttagatgccgaagtggaaaccagagcgaaagagattgccaaaggcatgaagaacacggaactgaaacagacgcaggagaagttggaagtcgctttggggctgatgactgatgaacagatagatgaatatagccgaaaaaccttgaaaaatcgggcaaaatcggtagggttgggtaggtag
>gene_17792|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgacacaagagaggagtgaaacgataatgtcaagtgtaagatttgatggtggcaagtgtcacggagcaggagaagcaaaagcaataatgagacattgcgatgctgagcaaaggaaagagcacaatcactcaaatgcagatattgatacaagtaaaacggatatgaattacagcatggagggattgagctacgaggagaagtgcaggaagtacgataaacgagtagcggagtgcgaagctaatatgacgaagctccgcaaggatagggtcactatggtttcggtcaatgtcaagacacctgagaagcttccacctgagaaagaggacgagtggttcagaaaggtgtatgacctgatttccgaacagtacggaaaagaaaacatgattgacggagacgttcacaaggacgaacagcacgaatattatgaccctgacaagaaagaaatggttatgagcaggaatgagctccatgcttattttgttccagaggttgacggagttctgaatgcaaagcaggcaatgagcagagctaacatcaataagattaacaatgccgttcagagaatgacaatgcaggattacggagtggagttcatggacggaagcaagaagaaaggattagatacagagcaggcaaaggcaaggtcacagaaagcattgattgagcaacagcaggcaacaatcgagcaacagagagcagagctcaatcggttagcggatagattaggtgctgagaagctcaaatttgacgaaatagacgctttaaatcaaaaagcgagggaaaatgcgtctgagagtgaaaagttgcttaaaacagctcacagcgtgtcagagaggactgaagaaataccagtaccagtgcaaaggtactttcaggaagtacctgaagctaaaaaccagtatcaggagtgggtaacacagaagaagagagaagctgaagcaagaaaagaagctgagcgtaaaagaggagctgagcaggttaagcaagtcatgggtgaagctcaaagggttgatgatgccaaacgtgagctgggatataatgcaatggatttcatgtaa
>gene_57785|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgacacaagagaggagtgaaacgataatgtcaagtgtaagatttgatggtggcaagtgtcacggagcaggagaagcaaaagcaataatgagacattgcgatgctgagcaaaggaaagagcacaatcactcaaatgcagatattgatacaagtaaaacggatatgaattacagcatggagggattgagctacgaggagaagtgcaggaagtacgataaacgagtagcggagtgcgaagctaatatgacgaagctccgcaaggatagggtcactatggtttcggtcaatgtcaagacacctgagaagcttccacctgagaaagaggacgagtggttcagaaaggtgtatgacctgatttccgaacagtacggaaaagaaaacatgattgacggagacgttcacaaggacgaacagcacgaatattatgaccctgacaagaaagaaatggttatgagcaggaatgagctccatgcttattttgttccagaggttgacggagttctgaatgcaaagcaggcaatgagcagagctaacatcaataagattaacaatgccgttcagagaatgacaatgcaggattacggagtggagttcatggacggaagcaagaagaaaggattagatacagagcaggcaaaggcaaggtcacagaaagcattgattgagcaacagcaggcaacaatcgagcaacagagagcagagctcaatcggttagcggatagattaggtgctgagaagctcaaatttgacgaaatagacgctttaaatcaaaaagcgagggaaaatgcgtctgagagtgaaaagttgcttaaaacagctcacagcgtgtcagagaggactgaagaaataccagtaccagtgcaaaggtactttcaggaagtacctgaagctaaaaaccagtatcaggagtgggtaacacagaagaagagagaagctgaagcaagaaaagaagctgagcgtaaaagaggagctgagcaggttaagcaagtcatgggtgaagctcaaagggttgatgatgccaaacgtgagctgggatataatgcaatggatttcatgtaa
>gene_49788|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgacacaagagaggagtgaaacgataatgtcaagtgtaagatttgatggtggcaagtgtcacggagcaggagaagcaaaagcaataatgagacattgcgatgctgagcaaaggaaagagcacaatcactcaaatgcagatattgatacaagtaaaacggatatgaattacagcatggagggattgagctacgaggagaagtgcaggaagtacgataaacgagtagcggagtgcgaagctaatatgacgaagctccgcaaggatagggtcactatggtttcggtcaatgtcaagacacctgagaagcttccacctgagaaagaggacgagtggttcagaaaggtgtatgacctgatttccgaacagtacggaaaagaaaacatgattgacggagacgttcacaaggacgaacagcacgaatattatgaccctgacaagaaagaaatggttatgagcaggaatgagctccatgcttattttgttccagaggttgacggagttctgaatgcaaagcaggcaatgagcagagctaacatcaataagattaacaatgccgttcagagaatgacaatgcaggattacggagtggagttcatggacggaagcaagaagaaaggattagatacagagcaggcaaaggcaaggtcacagaaagcattgattgagcaacagcaggcaacaatcgagcaacagagagcagagctcaatcggttagcggatagattaggtgctgagaagctcaaatttgacgaaatagacgctttaaatcaaaaagcgagggaaaatgcgtctgagagtgaaaagttgcttaaaacagctcacagcgtgtcagagaggactgaagaaataccagtaccagtgcaaaggtactttcaggaagtacctgaagctaaaaaccagtatcaggagtgggtaacacagaagaagagagaagctgaagcaagaaaagaagctgagcgtaaaagaggagctgagcaggttaagcaagtcatgggtgaagctcaaagggttgatgatgccaaacgtgagctgggatataatgcaatggatttcatgtaa
>gene_33736|Replication protein
atgaaggaaatgaggaaaaatcaaaaaaataaagacgttgtcgaacttaataatctttttaataaaacaaagttcgggatgttttcagcaaatgaacaaaatatttttatggcgatattttcggcatttactaaaacaagatcaggaacagtaatgctctcttatgacaccctgcgtcatgcggccaaaatgcaatttaaggacgggataaatccaagattattcactaagacacttgtaaaagtcactaatagggcgatggactttggtggcgttattgaatctgcaccaggggaatatcttgtgacaagactatttttagagttcttcattaaagaaagagaacagacagtaacggcaacgcttaatcctcgatttgctaattattttgctgataataaagggagtttcacgttaattgctttgtcacagtttgtcaatgttaagactaaatatgggaaaaatttatatcggaatttatgtcaatatgctggcacgaaatcttccggatactggtctgtatcatttgatgaatataaagaaaaaatggctttcccaaagtcccagacaaccagccaaatttggaggactacaacgaaagcgatttccgaaattttagcggcaggagatttcacaaaaatcgagcctgatcgtaaatattcggatcatcgggggcgcccccttgaacgtatcatcttcaggtttgagaaaagcgaagaaaaagcggctaaagatgctggccaaacgacattaacttttgaggatgttacaacaattaaagatgttgggaaggatgattttacctttaatccaaatgaaccgtggaagcctgtagcggttcataaagaagatttgaagtcggtacccgtttcgtgtccagatcattgtggcggaacgttgaaacgatggatagctaaaaatggtaagacttgctatgtttgctcaaataatgcgcattttggcttaggaaaaagttgttgtaaattctattgggatagtacgatggatgctaaaaagtgccctgtagaaaaatctgatgaaagaaagagggacaattaa
>gene_7037|Replication initiator protein
atgctacactatccgaaaaccgaggaaacgaaagctatgtcaaagattcgaactttaaaaatggagagcaaagacattgttgcgcaaaacaattcactgattgagtcgcctaaaaatttaaacttgatggaatataagctttttatgtccctcgtagctaaaataaatccgaatgatagtcatctccctatttttaaagtaacagtagaagaatttgcgaaaatgctcggagttaaaacgactagttatatctacagagatttacaaaaagctgctgaccggctattaacccgatatgctaccgtatattatcccgaaaagaataaaacagtaaaaactaaccttactcaacaagtagaatatctacatggtgaaggctgtatagtaataaaactatctccagcaataaaaccttttttatgcgatttaagaagggaattcacccagtataagttatcaaacataattcatctctccagcgtatatggtattcgtttatatgaacttttaaaaagtcatgaaatcttacaaaaaagaattttttctattgatgaactgcgatataagctaggcttacagaagcaacagtatacacgattttctgattttagacgttttgtattagatacagcattacgcgaaattaatttaaaaacagatatacaaatcacttttgggcttaaaaagactcgacaaaaaattacagcaatcaagtttgatattatcccaaaatcaactaagacctcaactccaaaagaaacactagcatccgtaaaacaggttatgaatatgggatactcgttaatcgaatcattagatatttcaaacaaaacagaagatgaaacttttattgacgctgtagaggctgtaactgaacaaatagagaaaggaaactctagacatcctaaggctatgcttcaaaccgcaattgaagaaaattggaagccatctaaaaagaaatttcatcaaaaacaattgagtgaaaaagagaagtcgaaaacagtaactaaaaaaacacatatatccaaacttcttcgtttgtttcattcaaaaagttaa
>gene_27158|Rep
atgaaagatatacttgtaggctctgcgcgttctgtggaaatcacatacaacgcgagaacaaacactttccacccccatttccatataattacatttaccaatcctgtttacacagatgcagccttacggcagaaatttcaacttggatggcagcaggctgcgcgccttgattacttacctgtaacggattttcgtttcataaagcccgacaacgagggcagcggctgcatcgacgatgaacgcctaaccggtgcaattttagagacctacaaatatgcagtaaaaagtgatgatatggcaaatatgccgcttgatgtgttccgtcagtttgtgaccgcaattcaagggctgcgcttttcttcattcacaggagcggtgaaagacgcccgcaaagcgttgggcttcaaagacacagagacgcccgaagaagagacaccgcgccttgtttgcaaatgcggtgaacaaatgctcgatggtattctgcaatggtctttcacgcagcagcagtattatcgaatagccgcaaaagttttttag
>gene_57753|Replication protein
ttgtggtataatttaggtacaaaaacattaaaaaagccacagtttctgcgaaaaactgcggcaaatacgctgaaaagtagaggttttcaacgctatatgaatagtatatcacaaaatcttgcggttgtcaatagcgacacgcagcaaatcgacaaatggacggaaaaaaagagagcatcgcagcgcatagcgcgcagaatgtgtgatgccggctttttagagaggggtaaacggatgcaattctgcggtcattatttaggcttaaagacctgcccgcaatgcggacgcagcgaaatatcgagcgcaaacctatgcagggacaggctctgcccgacctgccaatggcggctttcgctccgcaagtttgcggaaatgtgtgcaactgttgcgctgatgcaagaccgcgagtcgatgaacgcaggctttttgactttgactgttcgcaactgtgctcccgaggatttgcgctacacgctgcaaacaatggcggcagattggaataggctgctttcgcaacgttggatgaaagatatacttgtaggctctgcgcgttctgtggaaatcacatacaatgcgcgaacaaacacttttcacccccatttccatataattacattcaccaatcctgtttacacagatgcagccttacggcagaaatttcaacttggatggcagcaggctgcgcgccttgattacttacctgtaacggattttcgtttcataaagcccgacaacgagggcagcggctgcatcgacgatgaacgcctaaccggtgcaattttagaaacctacaaatatgcagtaaaaagtgatgatatggcaaatatgccgcttgacgtgttccgtcagtttgtgaccgcaattcaagggctgcgcttttcttcattcacaggagcggtgaaagacgcccgcaaagcgttgggcttcaaagacacagagacgcccgaagaagagacaccgcgccttgtttgcaaatgcggtgaacaaatgctcgatggtattctgcaatggtctttcacgcagcagcagtattatcgaatagccgcaaaagttttttag
>gene_27682|Replication initiation protein
atggaactcaatgtgaaaaagactgtcaagaaaagcaatatactgaacgagctgcgaaactccaacgcttcgatggtggagtaccggcttttctgcgtatatctcgcccacctgcccataaacggagacggcaacgttgtttcgttccggctggcagaatatgcgagaatcgcaaaactggatcgtccacgctatgccgatctgaaagctcaagctgaaaacatcgtcggcaccacagcaacgctgccgaacgacgacggtgggtttagtacatactccctcttctccgagttccgcctccacaaagaaggcgacgaatgggtggtatctttggagtgcaacccgaagattgcgcccttgatcaaggaacagagggggcattttctgcggtacaaactctacaacacaatttacctgaagtcctacaaccagcaacgtctctatgagatactgaagcaatatgaaagactcggtgagcgcaccgtaacccttgaagagttaagagaatacctcagcattgggagtaacgaatatccggtgtggggcgattttgcgcaaaaagttctgaaggtagcccaaaaagcccttcgcgaaaaaaccgacatttgctttgattttgagccgatcaagaaacgaaacaaggtggagaaggtgcgtttcatcatccacaaaaacgaagcgttcatcgaccagctgcagctggatgagctgatagacgccgccggtgccggcagcgatgtggtatacgacgacggcgaaatcgttgtccatgctgcagaaagcgaacagctccccgggcagatcgagttcgacgccccggttgacaatgtcacctttttccgcgaggttttgccggcagatctcaccgatggccaggtccgatatctcgcgatggaggcgcagcgaatgatgccttttgagttcgtcggccttagacggcgagaggctgcacgcgactatctgatggagcgagtagcgctgatggaggcgtcgacggcgcccatcgccagcaaattcggctggctgaaggactctatcttgatggattaccagtga
>gene_19713|Rep
atgacagcaaaaaaaatagaagatgtcgactttgtggtggggtcttcatcttcttcgatggtcgccgagtgtctgcccttcggcaattccgataataccactcttgatggattgtatcaagaaattggggagaaattcacgcctagaaagcgtcaaacagatattctgtatcaagattacaaaatccttgatgccatgtttacaggtcgatatagagcgcatgtgaatagggttgctcaatgtgggatttttttcaagtggggaatcactcaagatgatgagcacaaattgattgctgcgaatttctgtcatgatgttctttgtccaatgtgcaattggcggagagcgcttaagtattactcccttgtttcgtctaccatggacttgatgaaagataacagatttatctttgtgacttatacaatccgcaattgtaccgcagataaactctctgatacgtgcgatttgctttctaaaggtctttctagggtatggagactaaaggagattaaaagggcttgtacgggctatttttggtccttagagattacatataatcatgactttgatacatatcaccctcacctgcatgtgatttactctgtcaatccgtcatattttgattccagagattatataaaacagtctcgatgggtcgatatttggggaaatgctattgagatagattatcgccctgatgtgtacgttaaagccgttaggtcaaagggtaatattatcgatgccacaaagggtgagatttcatattcaaaagccgttcagaaggtggctgaatatgtcgccaagtcttccgagtatgtcggcaattataaagtggtcaaggctctcgtggattcattagagcatcgaaaaaaatgctcatttgtcggtgatttcgcaaaatatcgcaaaatgataaaagtctccgattccgaaatggaaagcgatttg
>gene_6640|Rep protein
atgacagcaaaaaaaatagaagatgtcgactttgtggtggggtcttcatcttcttcgatggtcgccgagtgtctgcccttcggcaattccgataataccactcttgatggattgtatcaagaaattggggagaaattcacgcctagaaagcgtcaaacagatattctgtatcaagattacaaaatccttgatgccatgtttacaggtcgatatagagcgcatgtgaatagggttgctcaatgtgggatttttttcaagtggggaatcactcaagatgatgagcacaaattgattgctgcgaatttctgtcatgatgttctttgtccaatgtgcaattggcggagagcgcttaagtattactcccttgtttcgtctaccatggacttgatgaaagataacagatttatctttgtgacttatacaatccgcaattgtaccgcagataaactctctgatacgtgcgatttgctttctaaaggtctttctagggtatggagactaaaggagattaaaagggcttgtacgggctatttttggtccttagagattacatataatcatgactttgatacatatcaccctcacctgcatgtgatttactctgtcaatccgtcatattttgattccagagattatataaaacagtctcgatgggtcgatatttggggaaatgctattgagatagattatcgccctgatgtgtacgttaaagccgttaggtcaaagggtaatattatcgatgccacaaagggtgagatttcatattcaaaagccgttcagaaggtggctgaatatgtcgccaagtcttccgagtatgtcggcaattataaagtggtcaaggctctcgtggattcattagagcatcgaaaaaaatgctcatttgtcggtgatttcgcaaaatatcgcaaaatgataaaagtctccgattccgaaatggaaagcgatttgataaatacagatgtaaactctatccgtaatgatgtattcaaggcttttgtttcttcttcctggaacggctccggatatgacagtatttataatccggttgtcttctga
>gene_14620|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
ggtgtgcgcaagcggacaaagaaagagatccttgatgccgatggccagatccgtgagggctgccgcattgtgccgaaaggggagatcctctccgagcgccactttggggcaagggacgaagtctttgccagcaaagagtggctggatgactacaaccaccacatggccaactggatcaatgagcggctgcagccggacaagaaacgtattgtctacgatcccaatggcccgtatctgccgcagcagcgtatcccgaaaggaacgccagaagagaaggaggcgcggatcaagaagtacaaccgcgcggtacagaagtataatggctgggtagagcaaggcattatagagccagagagagccagcgcgattaagggtgtggtgatggcgtctcccgaccgttacgaggctctggaggcgtccctgttcccacagaatgtacgtgcagccgtgcccggcggcgagcgcacgaagcacgacccgaccgaccctgtggagcagcagaagcagcagctccgcaagctctacagagagagcaacctcgcgtggacggaatacaggaagctggctgatggcagcgtagagaaaaagacggcgtatgccaaagctcgcggtattagcgcccagattgatgccctcaagagggagatggggttgtatacctctcaacagtatctggctgcgctcgacaaagaagaagaggatctgcgccggaaacgcgagtgggcgatgaagtgccggagcagagcgcactactacgccgaccgttgggacagctgccagagacacattagttacctctacgaggagctgggcaagatcccattcatcttcgctaccgaggaggagaaagccagacgccgggagatctgggctgagatagaagaaaccaaggcggatatgcgccggtacgcctatgaggagcagcaggcgaagctgcagtacaaggcagcaaagaaggaggcgcgagatctgcgcaagaaggcccgtgaaacgcgccaggagctccgccagcagcagagaaaggagaagacccaggagcggggcaacgcccgttaa
>gene_56315|Replication protein
atgaattactcccccactaaccctattatagcaaaagaaaatgcaaaagtcaagtggacggagaaaaaagaaaagaatttacaaatagcgcgaaaactgctcaaattatcgcaactatgcgaggacaaagcggagacgatgcaacgcgacggaatggatggcgaagcatatatagagcggttacgcgcggaagaatacaagaaacggagttacagaatgaaagaatgcagtcgatttataacgctttccgtgtgccccgattgtaaccgctcgatagcatcgagcgcaactctttgtcgtgatagagtttgcccaacttgcgcgtggagattaagcgcaaaacaaagcatcgaaatgcttcaaacgctttcttatataaacgatatagaagattacgacgcgttatttttaacgctaaccgtgcgaaattgcgaagtcgaccaactcgcgccgacgctcgaaatgatgtcgagagcgtggaatagaatgttagcgagaagaaaaaaccgcgagattataagaggcacggcgcggagcgtcgaaattacatacaatcacaccgcgaaaacgtttcacccacactatcatattatattgttagtggaaaaagacgcgcggagcgtcgcggaattaaattcatatttcaatcacgaatggcaaaccgcaacaaatgtactttatgtaccgattacggatttgagaaaaatagaaaatcgcacgcttacggagtacgacaaaaaagacgccgaatattataaaaatgcgattttggaaacattcaaatacacgataaaagacgatagccttgcggaaatgcctctttccactttccgccattatatagacggagtgcaaggaaaacgtcttgtagcatatacgggcataattaaggaagcgcgcgcacaatttgagtacacggacgaattagaggacgaaacggagtacaaaaaatgccccgattgtagcgcggagatgttaagcgcaatttatcaatggagttatcgagaaaacacttataaacgcttcgtcgataacataaagaaacattaa
>gene_34192|Replication-associated protein G2P
gtgatcgactgggccaccttcgtctttccctgcctgcaccgggagccgatcaacggtggccacgtcgtcgcgatcaagccgtgtggcgaaatcgactggaaaacggccaagtggtcggagttcgagggttcgcacgattcgcgcgtgagcgttcgcacctcgacgcgttcggccgagccgtgcacgcatgtcgaagtcagcggcaacgtcgtcaagctgttccaagggcacaacctctggggcagcgatgatctgttcgggcttgtgctcgacaccatcgaccgtcttgtcgaacagctggggctgacgcctaccgatgccgatcgcgatctgtgggcacggggaatgatcccgctcacccgcgtggacgtcaccgacagctaccgcctgggcagcctttccgaagtcctcgcatggctccgcgcagcggagcaaaccgcccacctttcccaccgtggccggggacagctgaccaagggttcgacgctctacttcggcaagcactcgcgccgctggtcgctcaagctgtacgccaaggggcaggagatcgctgccaaggggcacgagcaatcggcgctggccaacctgccgcacgcgaagggctgggccgacgggattctccgcaccgagctggtgctgcgtggcatggagctgcgccgcctgaacctcggttttctcggccagtgggcagacaccgatggcgtaccatttgagccactgagcctgcttcgtgaccggctgggagccatgaccatgaccaccgctcgcacccttcctgacgacgttctcgacggcctgacctccggccagaaaacggcgtatttcgcgtggctcgccggtaccgatctgcgcgcggtcctgagccgcccgacgttctaccgcctgcgcgccaagctgctgcctcacggcgtcgatgtggccaccctgcaaccttcggccgagcagtccaacgtggtgccgctggtgcgcgttctggaggccgtcccggccactgttccggactgggctatgggcacgcccctgtactacgagccgcgccaccgtcgcatcgcgtag
>gene_42892|Replication protein
atggcacgaaagaagattgagccgatagaaaaccttggcaataagcctgcagaactgactgtccagaagagtaaaccgttattctctttgtggcggtcagacctaacacttccagagttcaaaatcttagatacctatctcgcaaggattgacagccataatcccgacaaacggactgtcatttttgaaaaaggggaactcgaaaaggtactaggtgtgaaaaaaattgatacaccagtgttaaagcgtaggctgcacaacttgatgatgccaatagacattgaggacaactcaagaaaaaagaggtttgccacaataaccctttttgaggaagccatagccgagcaagatgaatatgagcaatggaacgtcaagatgacctgcactaactccgcaatgagatatgtgttcaacgttgagaaccttggctaccttcgctacaagctccgctgcattactgagctgaccagccgttacacgtatatcatgtttacatacctcgaatccaaccgttaccgaagaacttgggaagtttcggttgacgatttgagagaactgttatcgtgccatgaggagtgttataagcaattcaaggtattcaatgacaggctcttgaagagggttcacaaggaaatgcacgataaaacagagtgccgttattcttatgagccgattaagaaaggacgcagcgttgtgactatccgattcactctggagactcttccagagccgattatagccgacgatccagaccaacttaccctcgatgaatggctgtcagagccactaggcctgattgccgatgcactcaccagagatggtgctgcagcatgtgagtttagcaaagagcagctgcaggagctgctgcagctgcttctcacggtaccagagcggaagctgccacagtctgaggaggattccatggagctgcggagataccactacttggctgctcaattcgctacgatgaaccgtatcgatagtgagaagccaatccgcagccgattcctgtacttcaagaagatgctgcagcgtgatggggaggaagaagcatga
>gene_37093|Putative replication initiation protein
atgcttgagcttcaatatcacaagtccagctatttcgtcactctgacctatgatgaagagcacgttccgtatcatctttatgatgatccttctaccggtgaagcttttacttctttgtctttagaacctcgcgattggacgcttttcatgaagcgtcttcgtaaaaagtttggtgaaggtattcgtttcttcgctgccggtgagtatggatcagagacgatgcgtccccattatcatgcgatcattttcggattggagcttgatgatcttcaaccttacaaaaagtctatgcagaactttcagtatttcaactctccctctcttgaaaaggtttggggcaacggtttcgttgtcgttgctcctgtcacttgggagacctgtgcatatactgcccgctatgttatgaagaagctttacggagcggaagcggagttttacgataaattcaatctcgagcctgagtttacccgaatgtctcgtaggcccggcatagctcgccagtattatgatgatcaccccgatctatatgaacatgagttcatcaacatttcgactgagaaaggaggaaggaagtttcgacctccgaagtattatgaccgattatttgatgtcgattgtccggaagagtctgcgaagcttaaagccattcgtacgaagatggcagatgaagcgaagaaagcaaaattacaaaagaccacacttagctatttggatcagttagctctggaagagcgaaataatttggctcgaattaaatctttgaaaaggagttgtatctaa
>gene_32643|Putative replication initiation protein
gtgaatggggatacgatatccccatacaaggtaggtgattttgtgccttgctatcatcccttgaaggcctttgaattaggcgaaaaagatggcaaacggttgatcaaggtgacgagttacgaggtagaccacctcgaacgttctggtgatggctttgtgtgctgcacacatcccgcttatggccgtcccggtgatataattaagttcgttgaaattccctgcggaaaatgttccggctgtcgtcttcagaagtcccgtgaatgggctaatcgctgtatgcttgagcttcagtatcacaagtccagctattttgtcactctgacctatgatgaagagcatgttccgtatcatctctatgatgatccctctaccggtgaagcttttacttctctttctttggaatctcgagactggacgctttttatgaagcgtctccgaaagaagtttggtgaaggtattcgtttcttcgcagctggtgagtatggatcagaaacgatgcgtccgcattatcatgcgattatttttggtttggagcttgatgatcttcagccttacaagaagtccatgcagaactttcagtatttcaattctccctctcttgaaaaggtttggggcaacggttttgttgttgttgcccctgtgacttgggagacctgcgcatatactgctcgctatgttatgaagaagctctacggagcggaagcggagttttatgataaattcaatcttgagcctgagttcacgcgaatgtctcgtaagcccggcatagctcgtcagtattatgatgatcatcccgacctatatgaacatgagtttatcaacatttcgactgagaaaggaggaaggaagtttcgacctccgaagtattatgatcgcttgtttgatgtcgattgtccggaagaatctgcgaagcttaaagccattcgttcgaagatggcagatgaagcgaagaaagcaaaactacaaaagaccacacttagctatcttgatcagttagctgtggaagagcgaaataatctcgctcgaattaaatctttgaaaaggagttgtatctaa
>gene_29851|protein rep
ttgagtgacaaaaagaaaaagagctccatcgaggtggaagtcgatgaagcccaaatggaacgtgcggttgattcgtgtgcatattatacatcaagtttgcgcaatttgcaagaggaaatacagagaaattttgtaggcaaaaaagagcagacagatgtgcttggtgcggtttattctatcctggatatggacggacgctcaaggcgtgtcctggattgtggctcaatgctggaattcagagtgacagaagaaaatgctaaattacaaaaggctaacttttgccgtgaccgtctgtgtcctatgtgtaactggcgtaggtcgttaaagatttttgctcaagtgtcgcaggtaatggacgagctccaaaaagagggctatgtgtttctgttcctaactctgactgttcgtaattgttcagctgatgaattgcccgaaactgtacaagcgttgtatgatggctggcgttatctgtataacaaaaacaaagagtttaagagcgttatagctggcacattccgtagcttggaagtcaaaagaaaatttgatgtccctgtgtctaatccctggtggggtacatatcaccctcatctccattgcattttagctgtgcgtcctgattattttgctggtcgtaattatatatctcaaaagcgatggacaaagctatggagagatgccgttggtttggattatgaccctatcgtgcatattgaaaaggtctatttgaaggacgagaacggcaagaagcagacagaaggtattgaccttgcgaaagctgtttcggaagctacgaaatatgcggtcaaaggctctgattatttggatggtcaagatatggatttgtccgcacaaactgtgtcacacttgcttggagctctgactggtcgtaggctctgtggctggactggctgtttccagcaggtgcgaaaagaattgaatatggacgatgcggagaacggtgatctagtgcatactgataatgattcaatccgtgaagatgtggcttgtatgatagtgcgttattcctggcgtgctggtgcttatgtaagagtttga
>gene_50714|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcacattacgaaaaatacacaaaggtacaattaggtcacgtctgcaaccacgataagcgtatcgagggggacggaatacagcggagcaatgagaacatagacagttcaaggacgtatctgaattacctcattggcggtcataaggacgcaaccgagtttatcaagcaaagattgagcgaggttcggcatctgaaccgtgatgatgtggttcagatgtgtagctgtatagtcactgtcccgaaagattatacaggtgatgaaagagatttcttccatagcacatacgagttccttaaagctgttcacggtgaacagaacattgtatcggcttgggtgcataaagacgaggttacacctcatttgcatttcaagttcattcccatagtcgaggacgggaagaacggcggtgaaaagctatgctgtaaagaggttctgacaaggcggtatttgagagagtttcataaaaagctacaagagcatttggaaaaggatttgggtgtgccttgtaatatcctcaacggagcaacagagaacggcaacaggacggttcaagggcttaaagcggaaagtttatccaaagagaacgaaaaggctgaacaggagcttcatcagaaacaggagcaagctctggcttatgacttaacctctccgaagaaatttacggaaagcaaggaagcctatgaggaaaggcagagagtacaccaaatgaaagtagctttggaagaagaaaaaaaagcctttggtgaaagagttttgaattatgatacagaggttcataacaaagccgtagagcttgctaaaaagctcactgtgaagcgtttggaagatgagagagataagtataagggtcaagctgaaagagaagcacagagggcgttagagcttgaaaggaataacaaggacttgaagaagcaaagggagaatgttatcaatgagaatgacgagcttatgaggtatatggataatatccgtttttccgacggtgaaacggctttggataagttcgagaacgcacataaagctccgaagaaaaataggggtatggaacggtag
>gene_19877|replicative protein
atggggcgcgatatgagcgccgcctgcaaggtcgtggtgatgggaaatgtcgtcgaggtcacatggatagactgcaagaacgacaagtgccacgccataaagctcgacggcaagcactggatagaccctgagacgggcgagattcacgagtacgagaaggacagcgaaaagcggacagacaacacgcaggagctgttgcggacgttcgcaaccattcgggcgctggtgaacacgaactgcaaggacccaaagcgcatacgctggatcacgcttacctatgccgagaacatgaccgacacaaagcgcctgaaacgcgacttcaatacgttctggaagcgcttcaaacgtcggtggggcgatgccgagtacatctcggtcatagagccgcaggggcgcggcgcgtggcacgtgcacctgatagcgatatgggacggcactgcaccgttcatcccgaacgcagagctgcgcgagtgctgggggcagggcttcgtgaaggtcaacgccgtccgcgaggactgcgacaacctaggcgcgtacctgtcggcctaccttgccgacatagaggtgccgtctgacgggacggaaaagcaggtggacggccagaagaagcgtttcaagaagaggggccggctccacatgtacccggcgcacatgcagatttaccggacttccagagggatagagcgcccggacacgttctgggccgagggcgcggagaactgggcgcggtacaagggcctgactgacggcagggaacccgtattcgagcgtgagtacgcgtttcaggacgacgagggccgcgaccatcatgtggtcaagcagcagtacaacctaatcagggacacgggcgattctggggccgcacagggccagacgccgagtggtgaggactctggggcgtgccatgacaggaacgcccctgaaatcgtcccagacggcgcacaggacgcacgcgccacggacgcacggacgcacgcacaggcggacgccctgcgcgcgcgcccgcgcgaccgcggcacgggcggcatgggcgcggggtggcgcgatgtcggg
>gene_36746|recombinase
atgatcaaagtcagtggttcaatcgtacatggtagcaacggttttttagctcataatgataggacatatacagctaaaaatattgattcatctcgtacaaaagacaacatctatatcaagcagcaaagtgtagatgaagcatataaagaattatttaatgacacaatagaagattacaacgcacatcaaaaaagagcagatagaaaaaagagtgttaaaggatacctagaagaacttaccaaaagcaaagataaattcggatctgaaaaaccattctatgagctggttgtccaaataggcgataaagacaattgtaattgtgttaataatccaattgaagcacagaaagcaaaagaagctctaatcaaattcgcggacacatggtctgaacgaaacccaaatctaaaagcctttaatattagcatacatatggatgaaagcacccctcatatgcacatcgactatattcctgtggcagagggttgttacaagcaaggtctaaaacgtcgtaattcacttactaaagcactcgaattacaaggtttaggggttggcaaaggtaaatttgataattcctctattcggtggcaagcacaagaaagagctgcactcaaagagattgcccttgaatatggctttgaaattgtggatcaaaacataaagcgagctgatttatccgtatcagaatataagaggagacaacagcagcttgatcaagaattagaaaacgtacagattccaaagcacagtacaatcttcggaagaaccattataaaagaagacgaactggagaatctcgaacaaatacaaaaaaaagtggcacaaaaagagctaattgccgataaaacttatgcaaaagctatagagcaggaagctagagcaaagcatgtattgaagataactagagaaatcaatgcagaagaaaaagaattacacaaagtggacctcaaagtattagaggtgcaaatcaaaaaagctaatgcagaactagaaaccgttacttcaaagactactagcattatcaatcaagccactagagatgcagaacgaatccgacaagaggctgaagaaaacgcaaaacaaagagagcaacaggctgaatcacgtgaatcagaagcgaatatcgctaaacatctgtataacacgctctatcaagaacaagtaggactcaaccaacaactccttaatgctaatcaagagattaagacattaaaaggaacgcaaacaacattagaattaagcaataaaaacttatctaatcaagttaactcgctcactaatgacttagaaagaactaagaaacagctaacccaagaaaccaaatattacaaatgggttttagaactctctaaaaagccgaggtcaaatcgaacccctagcggaaatacacgaaaattcgactataatgacacaccagctttaactatatacgaaaatggagttgtattagattcatttgggaacaaattcaatctaacagatattgccacaaagacagataagacttttaacatttgcaatacaacatggaccacaaaatcagaaatacctatcacagcttggaataacgatatgcagcgaatacaaatagataaagaagcagaacgtgaagcagagcggcaa
>gene_41890|DNA replication protein, partial
gtgcggggcgaaaattcaatcgtagcaagggtttacagcacccgagaaactaaagaaactagagaaataaaagaaagggagaaatctatgaaaaacaacgaaaaaaacttgcaaactttgcctgagttcaccgaacttcgtgaggcaaacaacctgctgaaagcgtgctacaaatgcactttgatgcaaaagcgcatcatcgaaatgagcatagcgaccatccagcggatagaaacgcaaacgctgttcggcaaagaaacaaagagggtggcgatgttttccgtaagcgacttcagaaagaaatacgaactgtctgatgccggaaccgtttacagcctcatcaagcgttcaatcagcaaaatagcgaaggctggattctcaaaggagacggcggacgaataccactactacaactggttcgagcaaatccattacagcaaaagaaacgatttcatcgagtttgtcttcacccagcccgtaggcgacgcgattctgcaactcacaaaaaactacggagtgataaaactttcagttacaaagcacttcaaatcgttctacgccgcaaaattctacgactacgcagtctcgatgaaaggaatgcggggcaaatttttcgacctgtccgaaaagcaaattcgcgacttcatgggcatcgacgaaaaaaaatacaagggcagacaaaataactttgaaaaaaaagtcattcaagaaccattgagggaactcaacgaaatcgacgagagcgagtttttcttggaatactgcaaaatcaaggactacaacacgacagtgggctggcactttgtaatcaaggagaaatacaagacgctcaaaatcaataagagcgacagcaaagaggagcaacgcgaaaagcggaacgtcaacagggaggaggacttgatgcaggcgcacaaggcggaatacgagaagctggttgaaaaaaagagggcggaggcaaaggagaacggaacgcagccgttcctgataaattcctatgcggaaacgcaagcgttgcaacaactcattgaaaaatacggagcgaaaaataattaa
>gene_35791|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_58168|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_34636|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_917|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_35407|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_43251|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_19585|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_36981|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_5102|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_33527|RepA
atgaccaagtgctttgtccagattctgggtgaattcgacagcaggtaccaggaatgggaacacttacatcctcgcaatctcttcggagatgatgattacgggatgctctgcgaatacagtttccctgcagacgaacttaccaatgagacccatggacaaaaccttgcaacggttaaaactgccctgaggaagctcagagaatatggtttgactgtcaaaggaaaagaagatgatcctaataaagaccacgactgggaggaagtcggtatcattgaatacaacagatatgatgctcaaaccaaacagttcaccgtaaggttaacccactctatttgtccttatcttgtcgaagccaagagaagaggacgctttacgatgtataatcccttcatcgcaaagcaatttgaagggaaatacactgagagattttatgaatttatgtgccaataccagaggaaaacggataaagacggtaaacctgtcagatccttcttcctgatgattgacgatatgcgagatatgtttctccttaacgctaacaaggagaagggtataaagaaagacaaatatcgtgatttgtctgccttcatagaaaaagttatagaaccatcccagaaggaaatggaaaggctctataactctgaatcctgcaatatgtatttcacttatcacaagggagagaaattctccaccggaggaagaccaacggttgaccgtatctggtttgatatccacgaacggacgcctgtagccaaggaggtgaaaaaaactccatttggtgtttctatgcatgatgcaaagacaatggaacaaaaatatctcggtctgataagtgtccttaactgggtattcaatgacgaacatggtaaaaactatctcaacctcatcaagcaaccattggcaaacaaaatggcctttgatcgagatttggctgacactatgataaacaagattcgtggagttcagaccgaccctaatgtccacagcaaggcagcttatgttcgtgctctcctggagagggaatggggaattaaaccaaaaaaaatagtttaa
>gene_3209|Rep
ttgagtaatcctttacttgataatatagaaacatctccgcaaaacagacaagcacttaaatcccttgataaatatggctattacggcattcatcttcttgatgacttgtatagtgatgaacatttgaaaagtctgcacgttgcacgagcattgacagaaagaactgcgcaggctctgattgattacggctctggaactgctgaccgaggacttgcaatgagaagctgcggaacatatattgccaccaattcagacggaacagtggtcagtgcaaatttttgcagacaaaggctttgtcctctctgccaaaaaagaaagagcctcaagacctatgcagagtttaagaaaattatggaagcactgacagactaccgcttcatacatcttgtgcttactgtaccgaattgttctgctgaagcactaccctttgttttgaacaatatgcagattgcttcaacggcgttgttcaatcattgcttctgcaaagctgcattcaagggtgtagcacgctttactgaaatcagctacaaccaaaacaggcaagactatcacccgcattttcactgtctggttgctgtcaataaaagctacgcaacatcaagggactatcttaaaagagagcgtcttcgctctctttggacttacctctataaaaaagcggagaacggcgacagcttgaagcggcgaacagatgacggagtaaccgcttttttagcttcaatggctgcacaccataaacctgatggtcagtaccagatatacatatctttcgctgatgaaggagcattgcccgaaattgctaaatactgcgtgaagcctctatctcttgatattgatttgaacaggctcgctccgattttagaggacttactgaacgctatgcattcccgaagaatggtgcagctttacggagttatcagagaagcagcacacaatctcggcattgacctcgaagcagacgaacccggacccaccaccgatgagcagcagcttacaagatatctgtggggttataactctgatactaaatcatatgcttattacgtgcggtga
>gene_51119|Replication protein
atggcaaagaagaagattgaaccgataaccggtgttcccaacgaggacaagctgaccgtacaaaagagcctgccgttgttcgccctctggcagtctgacttgaccctatcagagttcaaaatccttgacacctacctttctcgcattgacagccacaagcccgacaaaagggctgtgatgttcgagaaaggcgagcttgaagctattctcggtgtccagaaaatcaacaaaaaagaccttgaagcaaggctcaaacacctcatggagcatgtagtcaaacttgaagataaggggtcaaaaaagggcttccgtctggtttctctgttcgaggaagctattgccgagcaggacgataacgggctttggcaagtcaagttggagtgtacccaaaaggctatgatgtacttcttcaatgtcgagagccttggctatctccgttacaagctccgttgtatcacttccctcacgagccgttacacctacatcatgttcacttacctcgaacacaatcgcttccgcaagtcatgggaagtagaccttgacgagttgaagcagattctggcttgcaacaccgaggaaacctacaagcagttcaagcgtttcaatgacttggttttgaagaaagttcacaaggaaatgcacgaaaaaaccgagtgcagatacacctacgagccaatcaagaaaggtcgctccgtggtggctatccgtttcaccgttgaaacgctcccgaagctgacctttgaggacgattttgacccgaaccaatacaccattttcgatgtgcaggaagaactcgaaaacaccgaaagagagtatttctgcgatgaagagttcaatgacttcacggacgaacagcttgatgttctccgtgagctgatacggcataaagttccagaggacttgattgagagccactatgcagttctccagaaccgccttgaagcataccgttgggcttcggctgattatctccgcagacaagttaaaattgcgagattgaggaaaccgaaaaacctcttcctgtatgtcaaaaagatgcttgaaaacgagtaa
>gene_52440|Replication protein
atggcacgaaaaaagatagagccaatagtgagcttaggaaacgaagataaactagtcatacaaaaaagccgtccgctgttctctttatggcaatctgaactcacacttgcagagtttaaaatacttgatacataccttggcagaatagacagtcataaacctgataaaaggcttgtaacatttgaaaaaggcgagttagaagaaaaacttggcataaagaaaatgaataaagctgaccttgaattacgcttgaagcaccttatgggaaatgtagtgaagattacggatgaagatgacaaaaaagggtttaagctaattacactctttgaagaagccgaagcagaacaagacgaatacggacaatggaaaataaatttagagtgtacgcaaaaggctatgaaatatatatttaacattgagaacctcggttatcttcgctacaaacttcgttgcataacctcacttacaagtcgatacacctacattatgttcgtttatcttgaatcacatagaaaactaggtcttacatgggaagtatccgttgaagaattaaagaaaattcttagttgtaacaaagaggacacctacaaagaatataagcgttttaatgacttaattctcaaaaaagtacataaggaaatccacaaaaaaacagagtgccaatattcttatgagtctatcaaaaaggggagaaacgtggtggcaatccgttttactctccaatcacaagcagttctcaacgatatagaaccaaatcaatacactcttgatgattggcaacacgacgaagaacagaagaaacgtgatgagatttgttttggcttttctaatgccgaatttgatgattttagccttgctgaacttgacctacttaaagaccttgcacaaggtaaagtaaaagaaaacgaagtccaacaacatcaagatttaggattgactacagcttaccaattcgctacttctgaatatttgcgtaaaaaaatcaaaatggcaaaactgaaaaagccaaaaaatcttttcttatatgtcaaaaagatgatagagaacgattaa
>gene_21183|Recombinase (Fragment)
ttgcgccttgttgatgtccccaacgcggacccagctcgtgcgaaaaaaaacgaaatcctcgttcaaaaaaatgtgatggacttcctcaacgaggtgcccaagggctccaaaaaaaacgcctgccgtttcgttgattgcatattcaccgcgtcccattttgagaacaaagaacaagaacgccactggcaaaaatcgaccgtggaatttataaaaaaagaatttggcgaggaaaatctcgccctggttgtcgtccataacgacgaaaaaacaaaacacattcatgtaatttttaagccagttaacccgaaaaccaaaaagcttggcgcgggtcattggttcgacggccgtatgaaaatgaaggcgtatcaggaacgctattttcaggcagtgaaggatctaaagtttgaccgtggggaccccaacaaacgggcccaccacacgaccatcaaagagcactatgcgcagataaataagtccgccaaccaagctcaagatgagacgaccaacttcaaaaaagcgctggtcactttgcatgccgaggttaaaaaaatatcaatgcgcgacgcgttcaggccggcaaaattccttgcgcgagtcaagccacatatcctcgatatctatgcccagagtaaggaggttttcaagtatcaggcctataacaaattggcagaaaaagaaaaaaccgatattcgcctggcggaagaaaatgccaacttgcgcagcaaattggaagccctcacaggaaaagaaaatcccaactgggtagaggtgcaaaaatatagcgaagtgctgactgcggaagcagaaagacgcacggacgtgcttccacaaaatggggttggtgttggggttgctcctgccattcagtccgcgcagcctgaccgaaacaccctcaaaaaaaagtggtaa
>gene_40617|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtccaaaaattatgcgattacccgagtcaaaaaatactcccatgtgagccaagtttcttacttggttaaccatcatttgcgccttgttgatgtccccaacgcggacccagctcgtgcgaaaaaaaacgaaatcctcgttcaaaaaaatgtgatggacttcctcaacgaggtgcccaagggctccaaaaaaaacgcctgccgtttcgttgattgcatattcaccgcgtcccattttgagaacaaagaacaagaacgccactggcaaaaatcgaccgtggaatttataaaaaaagaatttggcgaggaaaatctcgccctggttgtcgtccataacgacgaaaaaacaaaacacattcatgtaatttttaagccagttaacccgaaaaccaaaaagcttggcgcgggtcattggttcgacggccgtatgaaaatgaaggcgtatcaggaacgctattttcaggcagtgaaggatctaaagtttgaccgtggggaccccaacaaacgggcccaccacacgaccatcaaagagcactatgcgcagataaataagtccgccaaccaagctcaagatgagacgaccaacttcaaaaaagcgctggtcactttgcatgccgaggttaaaaaaatatcaatgcgcgacgcgttcaggccggcaaaattccttgcgcgagtcaagccacatatcctcgatatctatgcccagagtaaggaggttttcaagtatcaggcctataacaaattggcagaaaaagaaaaaaccgatattcgcctggcggaagaaaatgccaacttgcgcagcaaattggaagccctcacaggaaaagaaaatcccaactgggtagaggtgcaaaaatatagcgaagtgctgactgcggaagcagaaagacgcacggacgtgcttccacaaaatggggttggtgttggggttgctcctgccattcagtccgcgcagcctgaccgaaacaccctcaaaaaaaagtggtaa
>gene_19273|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gccagctatggacattggtcctttttccgctatgctaaaaggacaataacaataaaatttatgtccaaaaattatgcgattacccgagtcaaaaaatactcccatgtgagccaagtttcttacttggttaaccatcatttgcgccttgttgatgtccccaacgcggacccagctcgtgcgaaaaaaaacgaaatcctcgttcaaaaaaatgtgatggacttcctcaacgaggtgcccaagggctccaaaaaaaacgcctgccgtttcgttgattgcatattcaccgcgtcccattttgagaacaaagaacaagaacgccactggcaaaaatcgaccgtggaatttataaaaaaagaatttggcgaggaaaatctcgccctggttgtcgtccataacgacgaaaaaacaaaacacattcatgtaatttttaagccagttaacccgaaaaccaaaaagcttggcgcgggtcattggttcgacggccgtatgaaaatgaaggcgtatcaggaacgctattttcaggcagtgaaggatctaaagtttgaccgtggggaccccaacaaacgggcccaccacacgaccatcaaagagcactatgcgcagataaataagtccgccaaccaagctcaagatgagacgaccaacttcaaaaaagcgctggtcactttgcatgccgaggttaaaaaaatatcaatgcgcgacgcgttcaggccggcaaaattccttgcgcgagtcaagccacatatcctcgatatctatgcccagagtaaggaggttttcaagtatcaggcctataacaaattggcagaaaaagaaaaaaccgatattcgcctggcggaagaaaatgccaacttgcgcagcaaattggaagccctcacaggaaaagaaaatcccaactgggtagaggtgcaaaaatatagcgaagtgctgactgcggaagcagaaagacgcacggacgtgcttccacaaaatggggttggtgttggggttgctcctgccattcagtccgcgcagcctgaccgaaacaccctcaaaaaaaagtggtaa
>gene_4979|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cgcgccagctatggacattggtcctttttccgctatgctaaaaggacaataacaataaaatttatgtccaaaaattatgcgattacccgagtcaaaaaatactcccatgtgagccaagtttcttacttggttaaccatcatttgcgccttgttgatgtccccaacgcggacccagctcgtgcgaaaaaaaacgaaatcctcgttcaaaaaaatgtgatggacttcctcaacgaggtgcccaagggctccaaaaaaaacgcctgccgtttcgttgattgcatattcaccgcgtcccattttgagaacaaagaacaagaacgccactggcaaaaatcgaccgtggaatttataaaaaaagaatttggcgaggaaaatctcgccctggttgtcgtccataacgacgaaaaaacaaaacacattcatgtaatttttaagccagttaacccgaaaaccaaaaagcttggcgcgggtcattggttcgacggccgtatgaaaatgaaggcgtatcaggaacgctattttcaggcagtgaaggatctaaagtttgaccgtggggaccccaacaaacgggcccaccacacgaccatcaaagagcactatgcgcagataaataagtccgccaaccaagctcaagatgagacgaccaacttcaaaaaagcgctggtcactttgcatgccgaggttaaaaaaatatcaatgcgcgacgcgttcaggccggcaaaattccttgcgcgagtcaagccacatatcctcgatatctatgcccagagtaaggaggttttcaagtatcaggcctataacaaattggcagaaaaagaaaaaaccgatattcgcctggcggaagaaaatgccaacttgcgcagcaaattggaagccctcacaggaaaagaaaatcccaactgggtagaggtgcaaaaatatagcgaagtgctgactgcggaagcagaaagacgcacggacgtgcttccacaaaatggggttggtgttggggttgctcctgccattcagtccgcgcagcctgaccgaaacaccctcaaaaaaaagtggtaa
>gene_26500|Putative replication initiation protein
atgcaaaaccattataccataaatataaacgccgagcaagtgtccgtctacttcggtgcagatcctaacggaactacagccgaaattgacagcatggcaacggcgcacataaaacagatccttcgcgatcagttcacgccccgcaagcgggacaacatgcaccttgccgacgcttaccaattggcagggatagacaatggcgtagacaaggctgtacgccttgctacctgtgcccgctggcttgaattcgctgtcccgcccgacggcgcgtcagatcgctataagatcgtcaagacttcctcctgtcatgtgcgcctatgccccgtctgccaatggcgcagatcggtaaacacattccgcaatcttgcgttggtgtataacgatccgtcgttgtcgaagtacaaacatgtgttcgttactctgacgcaaagaaatgtagatcctgcggatcttaaagcggagatcgagaagatctccgaagcatactcaaaaattatgagaagaaaaccactaaaagatctggtaaaaggttataccagaacgatcgaaatcacgatcagagaagatggaacctatcacccgcacattcatgcaatctggaccgttgcaaaatcctatggtcacagagaataccttcgacaagccgatctctgtaagatctgggcggaagccttagatctaaactacataccagtgtgtgacatgcgcatgatcaagaatttgaatggaaagtctgtagccgaagtagcgaagtatagtattaaaccgtccgactatattacagaccatattcgtgataccgcggaaatcgtaaaaattctggatcctgctcttgatgggaaacggtttgtatcttacggtggtattgtacgggacattaaacaaaagcttttctcaaagaaaaacctagaagatctggaaaccgatctgatctccaaagaatgggaggaatgggaacggctgatctatgagtggcacttcagcaaaggcatgtatgaacaagttcactccgccgaagcgggcattcgccaaccctccgctcagccttga
>gene_40564|Putative Mob protein
atggaaatgagcggaagtttttcaagaggaagagcgagttatgaccacgatgtaagaataacaaaaacgaataacgtggacaaagaacgctcttccgacaacttgataatagaagataacatcaaggcatttatagagcaaggaatgagtcaaaaacaagctgtagaagcatttatcaatagagagatgcaaccatatattgacgagtacaattccaaacaaaaaagagaagatagaaaaataaaagttccatattgcgactattggaaaacaaacgacaaaataaatggtggaaagatgctctatgagtttgttggacaaataggagaacacaaaacaaatggagctgaatactacgactcaaaaggagtagaaaaagaagttctaaaatcactttatcaagatacttataaaaacatagtaaaagagtttaaggaaaagtatccacatatgaaagttttgtggtgtacggtccatttagacgagccaaatggaacaccacattttcacatagcgtgtgtacctattggagaaggctataag
>gene_43644|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggaaatgagcggaagtttttcaagaggaagagcgagttatgaccacgatgtaagaataacaaaaacgaataacgtggacaaagaacgctcttccgacaacttgataatagaagataacatcaaggcatttatagagcaaggaatgagtcaaaaacaagctgtagaagcatttatcaatagagagatgcaaccatatattgacgagtacaattccaaacaaaaaagagaagatagaaaaataaaagttccatattgcgactattggaaaacaaacgacaaaataaatggtggaaagatgctctatgagtttgttggacaaataggagaacacaaaacaaatggagctgaatactacgactcaaaaggagtagaaaaagaagttctaaaatcactttatcaagatacttataaaaacatagtaaaagagtttaaggaaaagtatccacatatgaaagttttgtggtgtacggtccatttagacgagccaaatggaacaccacattttcacatagcgtgtgtacctattggagaaggctataagcaaggtctaagtcatcaagtaagcattgggaacgcattggcgtgtgatggtattaagagagctgaaaaaaggcaagaaggcttccaaatgacaagaatgtatgacgacataataacaaatactatcaagcctaaaattgaaatgctttttccagacgcagaaatcaaagaagtaatacacggaaggcttcataaaacaaggcaagagtgggaagctgaaaaggagcaactcaaagactatataaaagagtattttgagcaacaaaaaagacaagcgaccttggaagcaaaaacaccgtctattgcaagagatagagtttttggagtatcgagaaaaatccaagaagaagtagagaagatggtatcaatggaacaagaagcttctggagacgatataaggacgaaaatggacgagtgggacaaagaattgacaagaatagaaaacgtccaaaatgagccaatagacgaccctatggatatgatagctgatgatgacttcgaatattaa
>gene_14798|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
ttgagagcgccaatagtaggtttttacaatcctgcggattataaaaacctttggcgcacgctgcggcgtgaggaaaagccggcacggccggggaagggagacgatcgcatggccaacttatacgctcggcagactgccctcacaaatgtcgttggccgttgcgattatatcagcaactccgaccggcaggagcatttgctcgctgtccatgacggtgctgcagatctgatcgccggcgattactggcgtcagttggccctggaatgccaggctgccagtaagtacgccaaacctggaacaaagtgcgtccaaggacgggagctgacgatccagctgtccaacgcactcctctggcgcatggatccggaagagattgcggagaaactggctcgcagcttcgaggcggaatttcaccggccttgcatggtagccatccacttcaacaaggacatgaccaacctgcacgcccatctgatctacgcagagagggagctcctgaaggagcctgaagagaagatagcgcccagagcgctattctttgacgaagagggaaagcgccgttacaagaaggctgagatcctggatgaagccggggagctgcgccctggctgtaggatcgttaagaagggtgagatctacgagcgccggtgcttcggctccgttgatcagacctttagccacaagggatggctgcgagacgccaaaaaggaatggctgctgcctctccggaacggcgagctgaagggtgacatcgaaatcaccgaatacgatccgaaaactggaaaactcccacagcagcacgtgggcaaagacgccccgaaggagatccaggataggattcgagaatacaatcgctatgtacggaaatataatcagctgatcgatgacgcggtaatctacccgcagattgcagccggtgtccgcgaggcaatgagccacgagcagaaaaagaatgataaattgcccccttatgtagaccacatgatagcgtttaatgacaagtggcaggcagagctgcggcgcagagcagaggaagaaaaggcgaacgcacagaaaaacgagcgtgatctgcagacgaagatccaaaaggcaaagaaaaaacaagagaatgaatttaacgagagacgccagaagcagcagtattacatgaacgagaagttcagaaatagcagaaccggcaggccatatcaaacgagcctctatgctgcagatggccgacgtcggcatacgctagagctgatcttcctgctggctgccaccgtgataaaaaacgagccgatcttgtggcagcaggatcttcctccagaaaaaaagaaaggcccgatttacgactctccagacaggaagctgcagaccttgctggattcaatccattgctgcagggaagaaggaattcgctccccggaagatctggatcaccggttgcgtgaggctggagccgccattggccgagctaagactgctgatgaaaaggctgcagctaaggcagaatatcgttttctgaagcagctgggacgaaatctggaactcgcacagaatgagcagtactgttatggtcccggatatgttgcccaggagccaatgagggtaaatcccaagggtaaagatatagggcgataa
>gene_15096|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
atggcgcacgtagccaaatatacgagaggttcatgtggtggtcttacgaagcattatgagagggcaaaggacgaaaagggaagatattacaggtttaaaaacgaggaaattgacccgtccagaacacacctgaattacaaccttgcatcacatgacgaaaagcagttggacttcatcaggaaccgtctgcagaacgcatactgcatgaaacgtgatgacgtaaaagtgatgtgcagttgggtcataactgcgcctcaggagcttcctgaagaacatgagcgtgagttttttgagcgttcatacaggtttctggagaaaaggtacggtaaggaaaatgtggtaagttcctacgtccacatggacgagacgactcctcacatgcattttgcctttgttcctgtcgtttacgaccgcaaaaagagccgtgaaaaggtatcagccaaggaagttctcacaaaaagcgatttaaaggcttttcacgccgatttacaggcggaaatggacaggttctgcgaggcatacgggtatgaatttgaatgtaacgtgctgaacggtgcaacagataacggcaatctgaccgtggaaaagctgaaagcggaggagctgaaattcaggaatgaaattgaaatggattttttagaacaggtcatggagaaaagcagtgaggaaagcggaaagcttcaggacactctcagggagcgtgagagccttgaagaagggattaatacccttaagacagagaaaagcaccctagagggcgaaatgggggctttaagaggcaaattggacggtttaaggacagaactgacggaacttgaagcgaaaaagaacacttctgaatacgccctgttcagaaaatttctgaatacgttcccaaaggtcagggaagcgtttgagaagtggtgtacaggaatccgccaacaggagcgtagccgtctggaggaatttaaagccagaattaaccgagaacacgccaatggtccattggacagacggggaaacccgtttgggaacagggatacctcaccaaaacgcccagaaagggaataa
>gene_58015|Rolling-cycle type replication domain protein
atgtgcaaagatagaacaaatataaccaactgcaaagaaagtccgttaaaaaacggttctgatagtcttaaaaaaaaggctaaagtaaaaatcatatcccataattttactcgaaaactttcggaaaagaatccggatagtaagctgatgaaagcatatatggatgcccatgtgtgttcaaatgtttatactgtgcagggaggtaaggcgcattcccattattgtcatcgggctttttgtcctatctgtcagcgtattcaaacggcacaaaatgtaaagaagttccttccggttatgaagtatttggcttcggaaggcagagagttttattttgtgacgcttaccttgcaaaattgtgtaaccgatgatgcaagggtattgcgagatttcatgcgtagatgtaaccggatgtgggctgatggtataaggacgaaacacaagtttcgttcacttggtatttcgggggtgattaagaaggagtgtacctatcatgtagtaaaaaaggatttgttttcgttccattatcattttcatattattgttgattcattggaagctgcaaaatatgtagtagcccaatggaagaaattgcatggtagtacggttgctgatgcccgttttcagaaatataagaagatagaggattttgaaaatgcagcgatagaggtttttaagtatgcttcaaaggcttctgtctcaaaatcgaaaggtcgtgacggtaaaaaaaagattcagataaattataaggctttggatatgatttatactgccatgcatgggatgcagcgcatgagtagtttcggacagttccgcaccatgatcggagatgaagcgttgaatgattttagagatgaggatttggttcttaatattgagggattgaatgttgaagatggttgttatacttggtatatgtctgtgaaagataaggtggctgattggtataatatggaaactggggaggcattgtgttgttataaggtcacccggaaggatgaacttttgcaggatatttatttagatgaggatatttttcctaatagtgggtag
>gene_16018|Replication-associated protein G2P
gtgattgactggctcaccttctcggcgccgctcgatcaccagatcggagagggtgggccattcttcaacggcgccgtgatggctacctcgccagaccctgagctaggcgaaaccatcgactggcaggtctggaagcggctgaaggtcgtaggcagctacagcgctctggtccaggtacagagcaccaccgttgaagggaaaccgcacctcatggtgtcaggaaacccttctaagtttttccagggccacaacgtcttcggatcagacgatctgcccgggcttgtgcgcgagatgctgtggcgcatctgcctgtcggtgggtgcagcccccacacgcgagaacctcgacgcctgggaggccggcttgatcgagctgctacgcgtcgacgtgacccgctcctgggatctcggcactaccccacgcgttcgggccgctctccgtggccttgacgcatctgcccacctccgccaccgcggccggggccagttccgaggggactcgctcacctttggccaagggtcgcgccgctggtcgctcacgctctacgccaagggcccagagctggaagtccacaagctgccgctcgtcctggcggagacaagcatccctgcccacgctgccggcctgctgcgctccgaggtcaggttgctcgccatgcagctcaagcaggagcaactgcacctcgtgtccgcgtggggggaagacaccgcatcggagctacaccgtcgatacactgagggcctggaaatcgcagaggcgaccatgctcgacgctgccaccatcgaaggccttcccgctcgtctcagcccggtctatcggctgtgggccgacggccacgattgccgcgagtactacgcccggcgcacgttctaccggcaccgctctgccctcctgaaattcggcatcgacattgccgtcaagcaggagcgccccgcagacgcttccaacgtcgtccccttgcgcacagtcttggtcgctcacccggtcggcgtgccggactgggccatgggcacctcgctctacttcgagccccgcatccgcttcggatga
>gene_26030|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcatacacaaaaacagaaagccggagctgtgcgcggcttgcagatcgaggcgaaccgtgatccaggggagcatcggttcgaccgatccgacattgacgacagcaggacgcaggacaacatccagctgatcgaatgtgaaaactggaaaagggaaattgaccggcaaatcaaagaagctggcgtcaaggcgcgaaaagatagcgttgttatgcttaccactgtgtacacggcgtctccggagtggttcaaggaacactcgaaggaagacatgctcgcatatttcggcacgtgcttggagtttcacgacaagacatacggaaaagcgttcaatgctgttgttcatatggacgaaacgacgccacacatgcacgtggcgagtgtgccgatcgttcatgacgatcggggcgcacatttgtcagcaaagctgataatgggcgggcgcatggattacagggcaaagcaggacgctttttttgagcaagtcgggcgcatgtatgggcttgagcgaggcgaaaagatgctaccaggggagcaaaagcgccgaattgaaaagagagattggcaaatagcagagcaagaaaagaaaatagcgaaacttgaaagagagcgcgagaagataaacagaaagcttaatgaccagatcgggaaaacaaaatacttattggagttttgcatgaagcacgtggacgcaatatcgacaatgagcaaggaaaaagtaaaggttaacagagcacattacgaggaactgaaagaagcagttaaagaactaaatacagagttagacgcactgaaagacaactcaacgcttacagcgcgaacgctggaagaagccagacagatgaagcggtcgcaagaagccgttttacacgaaaaggaaaacgaattaaatcaactgataaagaatcaaaaggagtttattgagataaaggctgctgaccgcgcttctgaggctctacaagccgctttaagcaaagataatcaaacaccctacaaactggaccgcatgaaagagttcatgcaatctgaaggcgtttgggacggcttt
>gene_43051|Replication protein A
atggctactttaataatttcaatgagcaacgaaaataaggatttgctggagtctttccagatgacaacattaaaaaacgatttcgggatatttgggcagcgtaccctagtaagacttgtagaagcctctcaacaatttctagaggggcgcaaaataggcgattgtatcaagtatgaagtaacggaagatatttggggctacaagcgtataaagatgcctattactgctatccttacggaaaacgatacaaccaactacacagcggcctctaaggaactaaagaaacttgtagaaaagtcggtatcattcgagacggagacaagcgatgtaactgtagcactaataaccagggttgattttgacaaggtgaacggcgatgccatcatagatatagccccggagatatggacggcaatattagacttttcaaagggttttagacgctttgaaatggcaaaagtgctacagcttcacagttcctattctatgcgcctatatcaacttatgagcggccaagaacggccacttgattacactatagaacaccttaaaaatatttttggaatcaaagataaatataaccgtcccttcgattttataaagcgtgttatcataccggcaaaggaggaactagataaacttgccccttattcctttgattatgagcctatatttgaccgcataagcggcaaagggaagcccggcgttaccggaataagattttacccctactttatagcaaagaatagggataaagacctagcaaccaaggaagcgacatggaaaagcgcacataacaaagacgctttaatacggcgcgtgttcagtctggaccaatcaacgaaaaactatttgatgcatactttgcaattcagtcaaaaaagcctagacaataacatagatacactattaaaggcggcttctagaatcaaagactttgatatgttcttacgcgagattgcaccgagggcaaaccgtgcgagaaatccacaaggctatgtaataaacgcaattaaacttgaacttaaggaaaacggatatagcgtataa
>gene_21585|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atggcttgttatcatcctttaactggttatgttttaggtaagaatcctaaaactggtaagaatattttaaaaattgttggtaagaattttgatggtgaagaatatgcttctgctttgagagatgctcagaagatctctattccttgtggcaagtgcaaaggatgtcgtcttgaatattctagacaatgggcccttcgttgtatgttagaactccagtcacatgaaaaagcgtgttttcttacgttgacgtataatgatgaacacttacctaaacgtaatactattgttgatgagactgggcaagtagtctcgtctcccgtgcatcccttaaattatgatgatgttcagagattcttaaaaaaattgcgtcagttgtattatccctggaagattcgctttttcatgtgtggagaatatggacctttaaatatgcgtcctcattatcacttaatattgtttggtattgatttgaaggaatttgatgcttttatagagtatagtacttctcgttcaggtgatgtagttagtaagacttataccagtagtattgttgatgctctttggagagatgttaaatcatgtgaaaagtctaataaggatgtgtatcttgatgattctcgaagtcttggctttcatactattggttcagtcacttatgagagttgcgcttatgttgccaggtatatttttaaaaagcaacttggtcttggttctgaggtttatgagcgtctccattatcctcgtgagttttgtaatatgtctagacgtccaggtattggacgaatatactatgatttatgtaaagaagatatttataaaactgaagaagtatttattaatacttcaaaaggtggtaaaaagtttaaaccgcctaggtattatgatagactttatgatattgattatccggaggattttgaaaaaattaaagaaagaagacataaattagccgttgctaagaatcgtttaaggaaaatcaattcttctaaatcttatatagatcaacttgctacggatgaatttgttttatctgagcgtttgaagaaa
>gene_51168|RepB protein
atggcaaagaagaagaaagagccgcttgcgggtattgggcgagacccggaaaataagctgatcgtccagaaatcaaagcccctattcgagctttggcgttcaaatctgtcccttgcggagttcaagatcatggatatgtacttggcccggattgacacccgcaaaccggagcaacgcaccgtcaagctcacaaaagggcagttggagcaggctctgggcgtgactcgtatcaatcggcctgacttggagcagaggcttaaaaacctctaccagccgattgatctggcgaagggagacaggaagcggctccatctggtgtcgctgttcgaggaggccgccgccgatcaggacaatgatggcgtgtggcagatcactttgacctgcaccaacgccgccatgaagtatttcttcaatgccgagaaattgggctacttccggtacaagctccgaagcattaccagcctgacgagccgttattcctatgtcctgttcacctacttggaagacaaccgctaccggaaggagtgggacgttcctctggcggagctgaaaagagtcctgaactgcgatggcgatgaactctacaaggagtacaagcgtttcaatgagcgcattttgaagaaatgtcagaaggagctgaccgagaaaacggagtgccgcttcacctacacgccgatccgaaagggccggagcgtggcagcaatccatttcgaggtcgaaacgctcccgccattggagatccccgacgtagatccaaaccagatcacccttttcggtgacggcccggacgatcagattagcttcctgcaggaagcctgcccggagtttgaccgagccgagatggagcagatttttgaggtcgttaccatgctgaccgcctcccagctcccaccggacaacaccaccggaacgaatgatattcagttccagagataccactatctctcggagcggtatgcggccatgaaacgagccgacaccaaaaagccaatcaaaaatcgcttttcctacttcttggccatgctcaagaaggacgctgggatagcgtga
>gene_9351|Replication initiation protein
atggcaaggaaaaaagtgaaaatagagccaattgaaggctttcccggcatcgacaaactgaccgtcgagaagtcgcagccgctgacggcgctgtggcagtcggacatgacgcttgcacagtttaagatcatggacgtttacctgtcgcggatcgacccccacaagccggaaaggcggctcgtgcgctttgagaagggcgagattgaacagctcctcggggtggacaggatccgaaaggacgatctggacaagcggctggatggcctgtggcgaggaatccgagtagaccacccggacttcgagggtttccgaaaggtcggcctcttcgaagctgcagactgcacgaagggaaaggacggcctctggacaatcgagctggaatgcacccagaaggccatgaagtacatcttcaacatcgaggccatcggatacatccggtacaagctgcgctcgatcgtttccctccggtcgaggtacgcttatgtgctcttcgtgtacatcgagcagaaccgcttccggaagtcgtgggagatctctctggacgaactgcggaagctgatcggcgcgaccgagaagacctacgaagagttcagacggttccgggaaaaggttctggatcgtgcgagggatgagctgctggaaaaaacggagtgtcggttcacttatacgccggtaaagaaaggcaggacggtgactgcgatccggtttgaagtcgagacgctgccggatctggaagtcgaggatccggatcagatcacgatcgagcagtggcaggaagcccaaaacgcggagctctgggagagcgcggtcgaaaagctgcatctgtcgaggacgcagctggacgagatcggatcctacatcaggctcgtaccagaagagacgctgccgcatgaaaccgtaaccggacatgacaatctggatatccgacgataccactacgcggatctcaaattccgggaaatgatgcggcgtgacgagaaaaattcaatcccgcacaagtacgaatacctgcttgcaatgatcaagagagacacaaaggaggaagcatga
>gene_53198|Initiator RepB protein
atggataaaatttcaattaacaactctgttgttttgaaaaaaaaacatggtgaaaaatcagttaaaatcgttaaaaaacctaggaaaatcaaggattataggacccatacgttagtttatcaacataaccgtttggttgaggctcgttatgatttaacccttcaggaaaagcgcattgtagtttggtgtttggcgcatattcgacctgaagatatagctttgaaacctgtcactttttctattagggaactgtgtaatgccgttgggattgttggcgagagtgcttactctgaaatcaaaaaagtgacagctcgtttgcgtagtcggggtatgactattacagacttagacgaaagaacccatacccaagttgggtggattgatcatgttagataccttgataaggaaggcatggttgaaattcaatttcatcgatttctagaacagttccttctcgagttaaaatctaactatacgtcgattccgttaagccaaacactagggttgtcaagcgtttatgctgttcgtttgtttgagcttttaaagcaatatgaaaccattggtgagcggttaatctccttgggtgagctgagggattttttgggcatttccgaggaaaagctgaaggattattttgatttcaaacggcgtgttattgagatatcgcaaagagaaataggtgaaaaaactgatataatttttgattttgaagaaataaaaacctcacggaagattacggctttgaaattttttattatgaagaatccttctttttttgaaggcgaaaatcaagaaaaagttaagcttagaaaggttgttcaagagtcggagcagggattaaaaaaacagttgttagattttggtttttctcggcctactgctaataatttttttgtttctcatgaagaatctcaagtttcccaagcagttgctgtggttatggatcaggtccaaaaagggcaagctttaaatcctaaagctttattccgtactgcgttgaaggaaggatggagtttaaatggttctagaagccgttcatcaaagtga
>gene_14856|Replication protein
atggcccgtaacaagaaagttatcgaaccgatagtcggtcctgggaaggatccggaaaccaaactgacggtacagaagtcccttccccttttttccctctggcggtctgacatgagcctggcagagttcaaaattctggatacatacctgtcccggatcaacagccatgaaccggacaaacgcacggtggtattcaccaagggcgaattggagaagctgctgggcgtcaagaaggtcaataaggcagatctgatttccagacttaagggactgggacggttcgtggatctggagcaggcgaacagtaagaaaatccaccaggtcgccctgttcgaggaagcctacggtgagatggacgaaaatggtctttggacggtcaagctgacctgcacggccaaggccatgaagtacgtcttcaacgttgagaagctgggttacctccggtacaagctgcgctgtatcaccagtctgaccagccggtacacctacgttctcttcatgtacctggaatccaaccgattccggaagtcatgggaggttgatctggaggaactgcgtcagctgcttaattgtactgaggactactacaaagaatttttccggtttaaccagaaggttctgcagcgctgccatgcagagctgcacgagaaaacagagtgccggtatacctatgagccgatcaagaagggacgccgggtggcgtcgatccggttcactctggagaccctggcggattcgattgagcctcccatccccgggcaaatgtccctggatgatttcgaggatatcccggatgccgaggatcctctgggcatttacatcgaagtcctcccggagagcctgaccaaggagcaggtcgatgcgctgcgcactctggcgaccagcaaggtgcagtacttcccggatggcatctggccgagggaagctctgatcgctgactacctgcggcagaaggtgctgctgatgaacgcccacaataagaacgtcaagcatcccttcagctatctgaagaccatgattgagcaggatgaagacgtctactga
>gene_13807|Initiator RepB protein
atgccacgcaaaaagaaggtcattgaaccgattgtcggtcccggaaaggatccagaaaccaagctgaccgtacagaagtcccttccccttttttctctctggcggtctgacatgagcctggcagagttcaaaattttggatacatacttgtccaggatcaacagccatgaaccggacaagcgcacggtcgtcttcaccaagggcgaattggagaggctgctgggtgtcaagaaaatcaataaagctgatctggttgctcggttgaaaggcctgtaccgaggagtcgagattgagaacagtaacaagcggatccacaccgttgctctgttcgaagaagcctacggtgagatggacgaaaatggtctttggacggtcaagctgacctgcacagccaaagccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagctgggttacctccggtacaagctgcgctgcatcaccagcctgaccagtcggtacacctacatcctcttcatgtacctggaagccaaccggttccggaagtcctgggaggtggatcttccagaactgcgccagattctgaactgtgaccaggacgaactttaccaggagtttaagtttttcaatcagcgtattttgaaacgctgccagaaggagctgctggacaaaaccgagtgtcgatttgggtatgagccggtcaagatgggacgtcgggtgacagcgatccggttcaccctggaaactctggccgattcaattgagcctcccatccccgggcaaatgtccctggatgattttgagagtgaactgatcgccgaggatcctctgggcatttacatcgaagtccttccggagagcctgtcccgggaacaggtcgatgcgctgcgtaccctggcgaccagcaaggtgcagtatttcccggatggcatttggccgagggaagctctgatcgctgactacctccggcagaaggtgctgctgatgaacgcccataacaagaacgttaagcaccccttcagctatctgaagaccatgatcgagcaagatgaagacgtctactga
>gene_26643|Replication initiation protein
atggcacgcaagaagaaagtcattgagccgattgtcggcccagggaaggatccggaaaccaagctgacggtccagaagtcccttccccttttttccctctggcggtctgacatgagtctttcggagttcaaaattctggatacatacctgtcccggatcaatagccacgacccggacaagcgcacggtggtcttcaccaagggcgaactggagaagctgctgggcgtcaagaaaatcaataaggccgatttggttgccaggcttaagggactgggacggttcgtggatctggagcaggcgaacagcaagaaagtccaccaggttgcactgttcgaggaagcttacggtgagatggacgaaaatggtctttggacggtcaaactgacctgtacagccaaggccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagctgggttacctccggtacaaattgcgctgcatcaccagtctgaccagccggtacacctatgtcctcttcatgtatctggaatccaaccgattccggaaatcctgggaagtcgatctgggagagctgcgccagattttgaattgcgaccaggatgacctttaccaggaattcaagcgattcaacgaacgcattttgaaacgcagccagaaggagctgcacgaaaagacagagtgccggtttgagtacgtgccggttaaggcaggacgccgggtgacggcgatccggttcaccctggagactctggccgattcaattgagcctcccatccccgggcaaatgtccctggaagatttcgaggatatcccggatgccgaggatcctctgggcatttacatcgaagtcctcccggagagcctgaccagggagcaggtcgatgcgctgcgtaccctggcgaccagcaaggtgcagtacttcccggatggcatctggccgagggaagctctgatcgctgattatctccggcagaaggtgctgctgatgaacgcctacaacccggatgtcaaacaccccttcagctatctgaagaccataattgaaaaagatgaggatgtctactga
>gene_53402|Replication initiation protein
atggcgcgcaagaagaaagtcattgagccaattgtcggaccaggaaaggatccggaaaccaagttgacggtccagaagtcccttcctcttttctccctctggcggtctgatatgagtctgtcggagttcaaaattctggatacatacctgtcccggatcaatagccacgacccggacaagcgcacagtggtcttcaccaagggtgaactggagaagctgctgggcgtcaaaaaaatcaataaggccgatttggttgccagacttaagggactgggacggttcgtggatctggagcaggcgaacagcaagaaagtccaccaggttgcactgtttgaggaagcctacggtgagatggacgaaaatggtctttggacagtcaagctgacctgtacagccaaggccatgaagtacgtcttcaacgtcgagaagctgggttacctccggtataagctacgctgcatcaccagtctgaccagccggtacacctatgtcctcttcatgtatctggaatccaaccgattccggaaatcctgggaagtcgatctggcagagctgcgtcagattctgaactgtgaccaggacgaactttaccaggagttcaagtttttcaatcagcgcattttgaaacgctgccagaaggagctgctggacaaaaccgagtgccggtttgagtatgaaccggtcaaggcgggacgccgggtgacagcgatccggtttaccctggagactctggccgattcgatggagcctcccatccccgggcaaatgtccctggatgatttcgaggatatcccggatgccgaggatcctctgggcatttacatcgaagtcctcccggagagcctgaccagggagcaggtcgatgcgctgcgttccctggcaaccagcaaggtgcagtacttcccggatggcatttggccgagggaagctctgattgctgactacctgcggcagaaggtgcttctgatgaacgcccataacaagaacgttaagcatcccttcagctatctgaagaccatgatcgagcaagatgaagacgtctactga
>gene_37425|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgatactaagaatagaaattccacaggaacttattcggcaagatgcagaaatcgtcatcaaagtaagcaacagaaacaatgcactgggatatgtcatagagaaaggtagcgaacatgatgcgctgcaaatagccaaagaagatacgaatgtctgtccgatgctgggcgaatatgtcaggaaactcacccagcgactccacaagaatggcaagcaccggtctgccgaaatatatacgtgcaccttgcgcagcttcatgagattcagaaaagagaaagacctgcagatttgccaactcgacagcctcatcatggaagattacgagagttatctgagaaagagcggtcttacgctgaacaccatctctttttacatgaagcgactccgagccatctacaacaaagctctggagcaatatggattagaagaccgcaaccccttcgtccactctttcaccaagaacaccccgactgccaaaagagcacttacagcggaaaacatccatcagatagtcgctgcaacaaccatcaccgaggaggaagcgctggcgagagatctcttcctcttcagtttctatacccgaggcatgtcgttcgtagatatcgcctatcttgaaaaaggaagccttaaggacgggcagctcatatacaagaggaagaaaacgggtaaagaactgagagtagcatggcgtccctgtatgcaagagattgcagaccgccacccttccctcgacggcaagcatctgctgggcattgttaaccagaatatagtcaccgatgtcaggaaacagtatcactaccgccaatgtagggtgaacaaggcattgcagaagtttgcccggcgcatcggcatgccgatgaaagtaacgatgtactgcgcccgtcactcctgggctaccatcgccaaggagaagaacattcccatcagcgtgataagtgacagcatggggcataactcagagaaaatcacccgcatttatctgaaaagtatcaacgacgatgtgatagacagatacaacgatatgcttatcgaagccatcagtatgtaa
>gene_52782|Replication protein
atgccaaaagcaagaattttcttcattatgcagtatgaaaaacatccaaaaacaggagaaacactactaactgaagaacaaatacaagaagggttagaccataaaacaataaagagatgggcttatgtcaaacacgataaagatgtgtggaatgatgatgatgaattagataatccagaacataaatctggagaggaaaaaccagcacattggcatattgctatagaacttcctaaaaatgctactgaactagatcgtgttgctggatggttccaggtaccacaaaacttcgtagaaatgaaaagaggccgaggggcatttttagactgtgttgaatatcttacacatgaaaatatgaagcagcaagaattaggtaaatatcgatatgatgatagcgaggttatatcaaattttaattggagagatgaattaaacgaaagagcattatctcgttcgaaatacggaacggaattaactatgaaagaaagattaagaatgcaagttctaaatggtgaaatgactcttaaggatgtaaaaatcaataatagaattaattacatagccgatagagatatgttgatgaaattaagaatggaatatttaagtgatgctgaacctccgcaagttcgtcataatttctatatttgtggtggtggtggtgtaggcaaaggtatggctagtatatgccttgcacatgcactttatccagatgttgaacaagaagatgaattgatatttagagttggtgcttatgagacatcattcatgggatatgatggacaaccagtaatcatatgggatgattttagagcatccgatttaattaagtgtttaggaaatcgtggtaatgtatttaatgtatttgatactgctccaaaaaaacaaaaacaaaacataaaatatgggtcggtaaatcttataaatgcagttaatattgtcaattcagttcaaccatgggatgaatttttagatggattagtaggtcaatatacagataagtatggacatacatatgaagctgaagatgatgaaaaaagccaatca
>gene_57026|protein rep
atggactatgataacaaaaaagactttgatagtcaagactacaaacacaataacacatacaattctgagtgtcgaattttgtcggatagtaaaaatggcaaggagaatgactggaggggcaagaagatgaacagcaccaaactggcagaatcctataagcgaatcggcaatgtgaaaaaggctgcactggtcaaattctgtggcagcgaccttgttttcaaggtcaatccaacagaccttggtggggataagaaactgcatagtgccaacttctgcaaggtcagattatgccctatgtgtgcgtggcgaaggagtttgaaaacattccaccaagttagtcaagtaatggacgaggtctgcaaggaaagggaatacgctttcctgttcctcacactgaccgttaagaatgtttctgcagaacgacttccagaaacactggacgaaatcttctatgggttcaataagctgtccaagagcaaggagtggaaaaaggcagttaaggggtttttcagagccttggaagtcactcacaacactaacagccgttccaagtcctttgacacctaccaccctcacattcactgtattctcgtggtgaataagagttacttcaagaacgctgagtatatcacccaagagaagtggcgagaactgtggcagaggtgtatgaaactggactatgacccaagggttgatattcgcaaggtgactggcaaagaagtcgttcccgaagtcagcaagtacagtgtcaaagatgccgactatatcgtggactatgacgaggaactgacagaccgagcagtacaaacactggacgaggcacttcacagccgaagattatcagcttttggtggagtgatgaggacagcacagcgaaaccttaagctgaccgatgacgaaggtgatctgatttgcaccgatggtcaagacgaggaaatcagagaggacttaaactacatactggcgagataccactggaatgtcggctaccaaaattacgagttagtggagttcctggaagaggattatagagcaaaagagagatag
>gene_56673|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgatacagtatatagtaacaaatattgaaaggagcattgctatgggatatacaatatcttgttcacagggacacatagccgaggcacacgataagcgggattattatcctgacaatgcagataagaatttacaggcagataataaaaccttgattagtaccgaggatgataagacggcttttcgggagttctttcaggatagtgttgatgactacaacgcaaagcagaaaagaaacgacagaaaaaagacggattattatgacgaaatagcaaacggagacggcaaggagcatccgttctatgagtatgttgtccagataggaaatcacgaaacaaatggaactctcgacaggtcagcggaagcaatgaaatgtcgtgaggcattggataaggcaatggaaaaactccccgaaaaatatcctgatttcaaattcgtgtttataggttcacacggcgacgagccgaatggaacatatcattaccacattcgttttattcctgtgggaacaggatataaaaacggaatggagacaagatgctcattgaataagtctcttgagaatatgggtttcaaatccaaaggcaagccgtatccgatagacctttggaaacaggatgttgaacaccttgtcgaagaagaaatgttgcaacagggtttaacccgtgattataaaaacgagcatcgccgccgtcaggatgtatctgattacatccgcacaaagatgcaagaagatacagagcgattatacgaacaggctgaagtaacttttcaggatgcaaacgacgagtacgacagagcaattaagacgcattctaaggtcaaggctaaggaaaaggatttagatacccgtgaaagcgatttaaaggctcgtgagagggctttaagggagcaagaggcgaaaagtatcgaggagaagcaaaacaacctcctgaaggctcaggagttggcagaacgagagaaggctttggctaagagagaagaagaaaaggaagcagagtttcagaggcgagaggatgcgttggcatcacaggagcaagcactt
>gene_9213|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atggtcggattatgggacggtacatatactgaaaatggagctaagcattatagaattatggaccattatgtgcatgagcgtgacaagatggaccctgacgcaattcttattccatgcggaaaatgtataggttgtcgtcttgattatgctcgtgaatggtcagatagaatgattcttgagtttcaggatacaaaaaaagctgtatttatgactttgacatatagacctgaagaacttgagaagttacctattcttgggcttaatcctttaactggtgaagttttccattcgttccgtaaatcagactaccaaaatttcttaaaaagagttagagaagatttcagaaagaaaggagtgtttcttagattctatttatgtggtgaatatggtgataaaaatttacgtaaccattaccatattattctttttggcgttaatatggaagacttaattaggctattcaatgatacttttgagcagcatggagtaaacgaattaggtcaaccttattggtcaagtaaatatatgtcagataaatgggattatggttttgttcagattgctgatgctacctatgagtgtatgaattatgtggcaaggtatactttgaaaaaggcaaaaggagacagtagaatagaggctttcggtatgatgccagaattttgtgctatgtcacgtcgccctggtattggagtaccttttcttgaaaaaaatggtattgaaagtgatggtttttacatttcaggtgctaaaaaaatttattggcctgaaaatattcttgaatatgctctttcggaccattataacacaactttgaattttaatggtgaagatattgaatttatgctaaatataccaaaaaaagagtatttcgagataaaaagaaagagggaactggattcttttaatgctattgaaaacaaaatggcacaaactagtttatcattctctgaaattatgaaaaatgagttgacagctaaagagaagagtgctaaacttctcaataggaaggacattaaacaaaataaagattctgttgaggagtga
>gene_21968|Rep protein
atgcaaactatatcacaaacggaaataactgacaagccttttttagaggtcgtacaagggacgggggacgtcctcgtcgatattaacgcaaagggcaaagacagacgatgggggcagaaaaagcaaaggagcgtccgcatgtattcaatcgttgaacgcgcaaatgatatacaacgcaaagcaacgggcaatccgcttgtatcagcgaatacgctacaattcatgaaggattgcgggtcggtcttagtctttaaccattacaaggacgggacaaagcggctcgaccacgcgaatttttgccgccatcgcctttgttatatgtgcaactggcgcaaaagtatcaagctattcggtcaagtatcagagattgtgtccgcgattcttgccgacaaaaaagtacggtttatctttataacgctgaccgtcaagaattgcactgccgacgaattgcgcggcgttctcgacaatctgaacgaggcgttcaaatggctgacgcagaaaggaaagactttcgcgcccgcgaaaaagctcaaaaagtacctgctcggatatatgaaagctattgaaataacgtacaattccgaggcggacacgtatcacccgcatatccattgtatttttgaggtttctacatcgtatttcaaagatgggtatatcagccacgacaagtggcggtcaatctggcgcgaggctatgcacctcgattatgacccgcaagtaaacgtcaagacaatcgacaaagacggagccccggaccccggcgcggtcgccgaggtcgccaagtatcccgtaaaggttgacgggcttttaggaatacaggacatagacacggcggcgcgtgccgttatcgtattacaaaatacttgctatcgtcggcggttcgtcacgttcggcggggatttccgcgagtatgcgaaaatgctaaagctcgacgacgtagaaaaaggggacctcgttcacgtcgagacggacgcgaacgcgaaggaaagcccagtctttcaaactttgtggaagtataacgccaagttcggcgtatatatcaattaa
>gene_6374|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagatatgcagaatattgtcaaaacatttcatatttaaaaatgccattagaggaaattaaagccgttttagatggtaaaaacattaaatatgcatatttagtccatgataaagatacgcatgaagacggcactccaaaagagccacatattcatattatgatggatttcttgggtacttcatggacagaagataacttgtgtaagtggtttaaagatgaacctaatagaatagaaaaaccgaagtcaaaaaagaacagatttgtgtttgctaatatgtgctcttacttattacatgaaacagaatctgcagacggaaaatataagtataaagatgaggaagttactgcaaattttgattttcatgaatacatggaatctgtcagaaaaggagtagcagaatctaaagcgaatagaagaatgcatcctttgtcagatgtcctcgctaaaatcatgagaaacgagatcccgcggataaaacttgatgaatacattgatgatatggaacaattaagatatatccgtgatattgaaaatgcgtataaaattagagatagaaagttagcaaaggagatagatagaaatatgaatgtaatgtatttcagcggtccatccggaacaggtaaaacatcatgggcaaagtatttagcgaaatctaaaagatattctatcttcgttagcggttcatccaatgaccctttagagggatatcaaggacaggaatgcgttattttggatgatattagagggtctgactggaaaataaatgaccttttaaagatgcttgataacaatactaattcattagttaaaagccgatattcaaacaagcttcttattgactgcaaattaatgattcttacatctgttcaagaaatagatgatatgtattattctctaaaagaacatgaaacagaacctattacgcaattaaaacggcgatgtactgaaatgatacaattcactgatacgactatgaaagcgtggaaatatgaccctgtagaacaggagtatgtatttcaatatgaattgcctaatatg
>gene_21156|Replication protein
atgagatatgcagaatattgtcaaaacatttcatatttaaaaatgccattagaggaaattaaagccgttttagatggtaaaaacattaaatatgcatatttagtccatgataaagatacgcatgaagacggcactccaaaagagccacatattcatattatgatggatttcttgggtacttcatggacagaagataacttgtgtaagtggtttaaagatgaacctaatagaatagaaaaaccgaagtcaaaaaagaacagatttgtgtttgctaatatgtgctcttacttattacatgaaacagaatctgcagacggaaaatataagtataaagatgaggaagttactgcaaattttgattttcatgaatacatggaatctgtcagaaaaggagtagcagaatctaaagcgaatagaagaatgcatcctttgtcagatgtcctcgctaaaatcatgagaaacgagatcccgcggataaaacttgatgaatacattgatgatatggaacaattaagatatatccgtgatattgaaaatgcgtataaaattagagatagaaagttagcaaaggagatagatagaaatatgaatgtaatgtatttcagcggtccatccggaacaggtaaaacatcatgggcaaagtatttagcgaaatctaaaagatattctatcttcgttagcggttcatccaatgaccctttagagggatatcaaggacaggaatgcgttattttggatgatattagagggtctgactggaaaataaatgaccttttaaagatgcttgataacaatactaattcattagttaaaagccgatat
>gene_17187|Replication protein
atggcaagaccaaagaagaataccgagcctatcgtaggcaccggcaaggagccggagagcaagctgaccgttcagaagtccataccgctattcgccctatggcgttctgacatgaccctgtcggagtttaagatcctggatacttacctgtcccggatcaatagccacgagcctgagaagcgtactgtggtctttacaaagggcgagctggaaggtctgctgggtgtcaagcggatcaacaagccggatctgactgcccgtctggcgggcctgggccggtttgtagagctggataaggtgaacagcaagagaacccaccagatcgctcttttcgaggaagccaccggtgagatggatgaaaacggccaatgggtcgtaaggctaacgtgcacgccgtccgcaatgcagtatatcttcaatgtcgaaaagatcggttacctccgctacaagctccgctgcatcgtcaatctgaccagccgctatacctacattctcttcacttacctggaacacaaccggttccgaaaatcctgggaggttgaggtggatgagctgcgtcagatcctgagctgcgataaagacgagagctattctgcctttaaggtattcaatgaccggatcctgaaacgctgtcagaaggagctgctggaaaaaacggagtgccggtttgagtatgagccgatcaagaaaggccgtaaggtggttgcggtgcgcttcaccctggaaacgcttgcagaaagcatccttcctggtcaaatgtctctggatgattttgaggacgagcttggcccggagaatgaagatcccctgcagatctacatcgaagttctcccggacactttgaccagggaacaggtggatgcactgcgtgctctctcggttccgaaggtcgagtatgatccgcacggcgcgtggccccgggaagctctgattgctgactatctccggcgcaaagtgctgatgatgaacgcacacaaccgcaacgtcaagtacccgtttaattacctgaagtccatgatcgaggacgatgaggacgtctattga
>gene_2255|Putative replication initiation protein
atggcttgctataatccccgttgggctgttccttaccctttttctcacccgaaatatggacagtttaggatttttcccttaaagaaagattacgcccctccgcctggtattgataattttactggtgaatacctccaacccatccgcattccctgcggtgagtgtgttggatgtaagctggattactctcgtgaatgggcttctcgtattgttatggagtctctttcccatgacggtgaaggtcttttcgttactcttacatacgatgatgaccacttgcctatcatgattaacgatgggacccagcacatcatgaaaggtaaaggcttctctgctgactactgcaccaaaggtgctacccttttcaagaaagatgcgcaggattggatgaagcgcttacggcgtaatttgtcataccattatggtgtggatgatggcgtgagattctatcttgctggtgagtatggttctactacttaccgccctcattaccatgtttgtctttttggctgtcctacagattcccttcgcgaggtttgtaaaaattctcttggtcaatccctttttgaaagtgacttcattgacgaaacttggagtaacggccatgtttgtgtcggaaagttgaatttccaaaccgccgcttatacggcaaggtattgccttaagaaagcgcaaggcaaggacaatgcgtactttgaccagctcggtgttaaccgtgagtttgttaacatgagtcgcaagcctggaattggtattccttactatgaagcgcataaggacgaaatctacaagaatgacgagataattctccctgcctccagcaaggataagccaaacatcgtaaagcctccgcgttatttcgatattctgtatggagaagaaaaccccaagcgcatggccgagataaagcaccagcgcgctgaagtggctgaaattcaacatgataacttgcttgctaacactgacctggatgaaattgagtatttcaaggttttggaacaccaaaaaacggagagtttgaaaaaacttttccgcgaattgtaa
>gene_7893|Putative replication initiation protein
atgtgtacgagtccacttaaaggttggaaatatggaaagacagtaaatggaaaagataattacattgttacgagctacgatatcgatcatctggaaattactggtgattctgttattaatcgcgttgttactgttcctcgtcggtttcctaaatctgagtgtatccgggaatttatcgagataccctgcggacagtgtatggaatgtcgtcttgagtatagtagacaatgggcaaatcgatgccttttagaatcacaagatcatgaacagaattgttttattactcttacttacgataatgaatttttaccgatagtaaaggattgtgtgaagcctaagactggcgaagttgttgatttaaacacattaagaaaggaggattttcaaaagtttctaaagagactgcgtaagcgtttagatacagaaggaattaaaattagatattttgcagcaggtgaatatggtgacaagacccagagacctcattatcacgctattatctttggctggtacccttcagacataacggtcaatgaagtgcgtgacgagtctggactaggttaccgatattatcaatcaaagatgttgtctgaggtctggccttatggaattcacgttgttgccgattgttcttgggaaacatgcgcttatgttgctcgatacgtttgtaagaaggccaaaggtgtagataaaaaattgtttgattcattaggcgttcaatctgagttcgttctgatgtcgcgtaaacccggcatcggatctaactggtttgattcgcatagtgactgttatgcgaattttttaaatacatatgtaggtacagatttcggatccaggaagatttcacacaatcgttattttgataagaagcttgaaaagttagattctgagcttattgaaaatttgaaaaacataagaaaggagtttcaaaaaaataagaatagagccgaattatccaatacatcactcacctattggcagtaccttgctgtcaagaatagtaacttattgaaaaaaacgaaaggattgaaaagagatttatga
>gene_54627|RepB family protein
atgaaagttaaagagaacacaaacatagtccaggcaaactttttaatagagaaccgcccgaagtttacaaaagatgaaacaaggctgtatttgacaattatcggagcagttaacaaagatgatgaggattttaaaccgttagaaattccggtatcagaattcgctgatttgtggggaatggatagctctgcagcatatcgtaaaataaaaacagctctgcgtggtttagttcagaaagaattttttatcgagggcatcaatcaaagcaccggcaaaaagagatttttgtctgcggcttatctttcgatggctgcttatgaggaaggacaaggatatgcgacggtagaaatttcaaaatcttttaagccttgccttattgcgttgaaggaaaaatacacacaatatgttttagaaaacattatgaatttaacaacagtaaatgccattcgtaactacgagcttctgaaacaatatgaatcacttggggttcgtatatttaatgttgaagactataaaaaggctttaaaaatcgaagataaatatagcagaaataatgatttatggatgtatgttgtggagcctgccatagaagagattaatcaaaagacagacatattggtagaatacgagatttcaggtcgcggtaaaaaagcaaagattaagtttaccatttctcaaaacaaaaaggtggcagagcttcctgatccggaaacagaacaaccggatgaaaatcaaacaaccattgatgattttttagatgatgctgatactttttcagaacacaaatacagcactaattatgtagagttcttagcgcaggcttgtgattttgaatttaaccaaatggagatggaaatgttattaagcgaattacataaaaaggattttggatttgatatttttacagagaaacaactggaagataatgcaaagttcgattttctgcaaaaagcatatcgcacactaaaatacaaggcttccaaaattgatatcaaagacagagtaatatatttacaaggaattattaggaatatggatatttaa
>gene_29541|Putative replication initiator protein
atggcaagacccaagaagaacattgagcctatcgtaggtaccggcaaggaaccggagattaagctgaccgtccagaagtccattcctcttttctccctgtggcagtctgacatgaccctggcggagtttaagatcctggatacctacctatcccggatcaatagccacgagcctgagaagcgcactgtggtctttaccaagggcgagctggaagggctactgggtgtcaaaaggatcaataagccggatctgactgcccgtctgaagggcctgggacggttcgtagagctggataagccgaacagtaagaaaacccaccaggtagccctattcgaggaagcctacggcgagctggacgaaggtgggcagtggatcgtcaagttgacctgcacaccggctgccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagatcggttatctccggtacaagctccgctgtgtgacctgtctgaccagccgttacacctacatccttttcacctacctggaacataaccggtttcggaagtcctgggaggtagaggttgacgagctccgggcaatcctgaattgtgaccaggatgaaagctatgccgctttcaaagtcttcaatgatcgcattctgaagcggtgtcagaaggagctgctggagaaaaccgagtgccggtttgagtacgagccaattaagcaggggcgcaaggtaacatctgtccgcttcaccttggaaaccctggccgaatccatgaaccccatccctggt
>gene_57694|Replication initiation protein
tggcagtctgacatgaccctggcggagtttaagatcctggatacctacctatcccggatcaatagccacgagcctgagaagcgcactgtggtctttaccaagggcgagctggaagggctactgggtgtcaaaaggatcaataagccggatctgactgcccgtctgaagggcctgggacggttcgtagagctggataagccgaacagtaagaaaacccaccaggtagccctattcgaggaagcctacggcgagctggacgaaggtgggcagtggatcgtcaagttgacctgcacaccggctgccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagatcggttatctccggtacaagctccgctgtgtgacctgtctgaccagccgttacacctacatccttttcacctacctggaacataaccggtttcggaagtcctgggaggtagaggttgacgagctccgggcaatcctgaattgtgaccaggatgaaagctatgccgctttcaaagtcttcaatgatcgcattctgaagcggtgtcagaaggagctgctggagaaaaccgagtgccggtttgagtacgagccaattaagcaggggcgcaaggtaacatctgtccgcttcaccttggaaaccctggccgaatccatgaaccccatccctggtcaaatgtccctggatgatttcgaggagattgaggatcaggaagaccccctgcagatctacatcgaagttctcccggacactttgaccagggaacaggtagatgccttgcgagccctgtcagtccctaaagtcgagtatgatccgcacggtgcatggcccagggaggctctgatcgccgactatctccggcgtaaggtgctgatgatgaacgcacacaaccgcaatgtaaaacacccgtttagttatctgaagtccatgatcgagaaggacgaggacgtttactga
>gene_14053|Putative replication initiator protein
atggcaagacccaagaagaacattgagcctatcgtaggtaccggcaaggaaccggagattaagctgaccgtccagaagtccattcctcttttctccctgtggcagtctgacatgaccctggcggagtttaagatcctggatacctacctatcccggatcaatagccacgagcctgagaagcgcactgtggtctttaccaagggcgagctggaagggctactgggtgtcaaaaggatcaataagccggatctgactgcccgtctgaagggcctgggacggttcgtagagctggataagccgaacagtaagaaaacccaccaggtagccctattcgaggaagcctacggcgagctggacgaaggtgggcagtggatcgtcaagttgacctgcacaccggctgccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagatcggttatctccggtacaagctccgctgtgtgacctgtctgaccagccgttacacctacatccttttcacctacctggaacataaccggtttcggaagtcctgggaggtagaggttgacgagctccgggcaatcctgaattgtgaccaggatgaaagctatgccgctttcaaagtcttcaatgatcgcattctgaagcggtgtcagaaggagctgctggagaaaaccgagtgccggtttgagtacgagccaattaagcaggggcgcaaggtaacatctgtccgcttcaccttggaaaccctggccgaatccatgaaccccatccctggtcaaatgtccctggatgatttcgaggagattgaggatcaggaagaccccctgcagatctac
>gene_13394|Replication protein VP4
atgccgtgttatcatcctttgttgcgtgtccagtattatccccagggacaccctaatgatactaatgtcaaggttgttccttatgtggatgatgtaaaacaagcctttttttcccaggcgaagtatattgttttggattccacccagattccttgtggacagtgtattggctgccgtttggattattccaggcaatgggccaaccgttgtatgttggagcttgaataccatgattctgcttattttgtgactcttacatataacgatgatcatgtccctatttcttattatggtgaccccgaaaccggacttgctatgccttcacttactttgcgcaagcgcgatttccagttgttcatgaagcgtttacgtaaagccaaccctgacgataagattcgtttttttgctgctggtgagtatggtgacaaaacgtttcgacctcattatcatgcaataatattcggtttacacctggatgatttgcaagtttataagcgctctccggatggtcagtttacttactataactcccctcacatccaacgcgcatggagcatacgttctagtaaatgtgaggagtgcacaactcccctcacagaaccgattggttacgctgtggtagcccctgttacttggaacacttgtgcttatacagcccgctatgtgatgaaaaaattgaaaggcgcagaagcggatttttatacgaagtttaatattgagccaccgtttacccttatgtctcgcaagcctggcattgcccgtcaatggtacgaagatcatccggactgttatgattatgaatatatcaacatttccacacctgacggtggaaagaaatttcgccctcctagatattttgataaattgtttgatgtggattgtcctgagaagtccgaagaactgaaagaaattcgtaagcgtatggcagaagctagtaaggctgctaagcttgaaaaaacgtcgttgtcttacttggacatgcttcaagttgaagaaaatgccaagatggataaattaaagaaactgataaggagtgttgactaa
>gene_17644|Plasmid recombination protein
atgagaaaggttgcatacacaaaccacatcggcagaacatccagggacactcacagcggcaagaacaccgctatcagcaccctggctgatctcgctgcagctgaaaagcacaacaaccatgactacactccggaagaggtcgccagaatgcaatctaatatcgatctggatctgaaggactataacagtcagtatgttatggttgacggcgaattggtccaaattgaaggacatattgatttagaggccagtgttcgaaagatctacgaagaacagttcgctgctgcagttgatgaatacaaccagcagcagatcgcagctggtcatcctgggcgtcagatccagagctatatcgacaagatctctgatgccaaacagcaggaggttgccgttgaaggattgattcaatttgggagcctcgaagactgggaaaataaaaccatgggggaaaaacaaaaggccgttcctctgcttctgcagtccttgaaagacaccatggatgagctgaagcaggaagacgcagaattcatccttgccggtgtttccatccatctgaatgaaggatctccacaccttcactacgttggtgtgccggttcaacactccgagaaggttaaaaacggccctaaaacacgagttaagaaaactgccgtattcacccaggaaacccttggcacaggcctccaggacaacgtcagagccaaaattgagccccagttgatagaaaccttcggctgggaattcgaggaaaagaaagccggtaggaacaaggatctgacaaaaaaccaaatcgccaacgccaaactgcaggaagagatccagcgaaggaagcaagaaaatcgtggtgcccaggagcggctgtgccttatcaataacgaaatcgatagaacattggaaaatctcggggacaggatccaagaatatgcagatgaaagtattttggaagtcttgcgagatccggaaggatatggaaacattcttttctatgtcgctgaatgtgatgcggatgaactcggcgatttagaccgaaaaggacgagaactgaaggagcagctgctccgggatgaaatgcagtacagtctgaatcctgtcaaagagggattggaaagaacaatccaaaagatcaatgcagataaggcgaagggccttacttggcaagaacggcaggagaagtggactgagtaccaggaagtcagtgagaaattctgggcattccggaaggaaatgcaagaacttatgaatgacacctatcgcaagaagcatgatgcattgaaggcttattatgacaccaaatacttcctggaaaagaaccacggctttctggtaacccttatcggcctctgcgttctgctctacgaagtcaacaaaataaaccgaatccgggaggaattggaagaactaaaggccaggcaatacgtgatgaaactgaacacaaccagcttcaccaccttcagccggaaatatcggaatgatctgaaagccggcagattgccatctgatgacatcatggaatccatgacttatatcatgcagcagatggacgatgagtgtgaccgcttcctgggccaaaaccggaggatgaatatttccaaaaatgagaaaatcaaccagagatga
>gene_15010|Initiator RepB protein
atgatggcaagaaagaaaaaggctcccccaattgagggtgtcggacgcaaaccggaggagctgcttgtccaaaagagtcgccctctatatgctctttggcggtcagacctaacactccaggagtttaagatactggacacttacctcgcacgaatcgacagccacaaccccgaaaagagggtcgtggtatttgaaaagggcgagctggagcagcttctcggcgtgtccaggattaaccatccccaactcaaagagcggttaaagcaccttatgggaaatgtggtggaagttggcgaccccaaacagccgaaatccatgcacctaattaccctgtttgatgaggccatagcggttcaagatgaaacgaccggtctttgggaagtccgtttggagtgtacccaaaaggctatgaaatattgcttcaatatcgacaagattggttacttgagatacaagctccgtggcattgtaggcctgcaaagcagatatagctatatcctgtttctttatgtcgagagcaatcgtaagttcaaaacctggactatccctctcgatgaa
>gene_57333|replication protein
ttgccgaacgatgagccttacttgacagcagaaagctgttatattagcgagaatgattttaccataagtgacggaatttgtcaagagtttagcgaaaaaaacgagctgaagcaaaaattcgctccaaagcgtcagctttcggaaaagctgtcagcttcgttctcacggcttgaaatggacaagcgttcagagcgtgtggcagagtgtggcacatttcttgaatttgctcacgaaatgacagccaacggcgattttgcagagaaaggaaagctttatcttgctaacttctgccgtgataggctgtgccctatgtgttcctggcgtaggtcttataaaatctttggccagatatcgcaaattatgcagtttatcggcaaggaatacgattttttattcctaacgcttacaattccaaatgtaaacgcttcagagcttccacaaacgctgaaagagcttcagcaagggtggaacaagctcaaacatcgtaaacgcttcagaacagctgtaaaaggctattttaaggcgttagagattacatacaacaagaggtctgatacatatcatccacattatcacatcgttttagctgtcaataagagctactttacatcacgcgactatatcaaacagcaagagtggcttcagatgtggcgtgaatgtatgtcagacgagcgtattactcaagttgatattagacgagctaaaaacaagcatacagccgaagctgaacaggcgtcagctgatttgagttcagcaatagccgaaattgcaaagtatgccgttaagcttgacgaggatatgctcttaaacgatgatgtcatcagagttcttgcgacgactttgcacggcaagaggttgtgcgagtttgacggcaagggggcgttcggcttggcaaggtcaaagcttcagcttgacgatgctgaagacggcgacctcgtacacatagacggcgaaaagatagaaccaaacattgctttgctcattgtccggtatggttggtctgccggcgtttataaaatgacagactgtttcatcaaagaatag
>gene_28472|replication protein
ttgccgaacgatgagccttacttgacagcagaaagctgttatattagcgagaatgattttaccataagtgacggaatttgtcaagagtttagcgaaaaaaacgagctgaagcaaaaattcgctccaaagcgtcagctttcggaaaagctgtcagcttcgttctcacggcttgaaatggacaagcgttcagagcgtgtggcagagtgtggcacatttcttgaatttgctcacgaaatgacagccaacggcgattttgcagagaaaggaaagctttatcttgctaacttctgccgtgataggctgtgccctatgtgttcctggcgtaggtcttataaaatctttggccagatatcgcaaattatgcagtttatcggcaaggaatacgattttttattcctaacgcttacaattccaaatgtaaacgcttcagagcttccacaaacgctgaaagagcttcagcaagggtggaacaagctcaaacatcgtaaacgcttcagaacagctgtaaaaggctattttaaggcgttagagattacatacaacaagaggtctgatacatatcatccacattatcacatcgttttagctgtcaataagagctactttacatcacgcgactatatcaaacagcaagagtggcttcagatgtggcgtgaatgtatgtcagacgagcgtattactcaagttgatattagacgagcaaaaaacaagcatacagccgaagctgaacaggcgtcagctgatttgagttcagcaatagccgaaattgcaaagtatgccgttaagcttgacgaggatatgctcttaaacgatgatgtcatcagagttcttgcgacgactttgcacggcaagaggttgtgcgagtttgacggcaagggggcgttcggcttggcaaggtcaaagcttcagcttgacgatgctgaagacggcgacctcgtacacatagacggcgaaaagatagaaccaaacattgctttgctcattgtccggtatggttggtctgccggcgtttataaaatgacagactgtttcatcaaagaatag
>gene_16532|Replication protein A
atgcgcttatatcagctaataagcgggcaagaacgcccgttaagctttagtttagttgcactcaagaaaatgttaggagttgaaaagaaatatgatcgcccctataacttcataacaagagtgattaaacccgctaaagaagaacttgataaggttgcaccttattcgttcgattataagcctattttcaagaagaattccgtaagaggtaagggaacaatgaccggaattacatttatcccttatttccagcctaaaaatagagatcaggagctagaacaaaagcaagatttcggaatgctcaagaaaaaatatcctggtgtggtaagcttgcctaaatccctagagaactacttaacccatactgcaggatttaccatgaccggagttaaaaataattcagagctattcttgcaagctataaatcatattaccgattttgaagaggttgtattgcgtaagatcgtgggaagatccagggaagccaaaaacccacaaggatatattatcaaagctgttaaatcagagttgaaacaacaaggaataaaggcatga
>gene_17139|DNA replication protein
atgaaaattatagagcttcagatcatggacacaaacaaggatcttgtgcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaataagaaatagctttgggctatatgggcaacgaactattacccgtttagtagaagcttcacaacacctattagagggcaaatccataggagattgtgtaacctaccatgtagagaaaagtttgtggggagatgttagggtaaaaatgcctatttccgccattctcagaaagggcgatgaatcgaactaccaggaagcgaagaagcaactaaaaaagcttgtcggtttacccctggagtatgaagcccccaacggggattgggtttgtacgaccttgatttcaaaagttgtctttagtagatcagccggagaagcaacc
>gene_16527|DNA replication protein
atgaaaataattgagcttaagatcatggaaacaaacaaggatcttgtgcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaataagaaacaatttcgggctatatgggcaacgaactattacccgtttagtagaagcttcacaacacctattagagggcaaaacaataggtgattgtgtaacctatcatgtagaaaaaagcttgtggggtgatgtgagggtaaaaatgcctattaccgcgatcctcagaaagggcgatgaatccaactaccaggaagccaagaaacaactaaaaaaacttgtcggtttacccctggagtatgaagcccccaacggggattgggtttgtacgaccttaatttcaaaagttgtttttagtagagccaacggggaagctacactaacaattcagccggagatctgggaagctattttagatttttca
>gene_54220|Replication protein A (Fragment)
atgaaaataattgagcttaagatcatggaaacaaacaaggatcttgtgcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaataagaaacaatttcgggctatatgggcaacgaactattacccgtttagtagaagcttcacaacacctattagagggcaaaacaataggtgattgtgtaacctatcatgtagaaaaaagcttgtggggtgatgtgagggtaaaaatgcctattaccgcgatcctcagaaagggcgatgaatccaactaccaggaagccaagaaacaactaaaaaaacttgtcggtttacccctggagtatgaagcccccaacggggattgggtttgtacgaccttaatttcaaaagttgtttttagtagagccaacggggaagctacactaacaattcagccggagatctgggaagctattttagatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagatagaaaaggctctagaccttaggtcggcttattccatgcgcttatatcagctaataagcgggcaagaacgcccgttaagctttagtttagttgcactcaagaaaatgttaggagttgaaaagaaatatgatcgcccctataacttcataacaagagtgattaaacccgctaaagaagaacttgataatgttgcaccttattcgttcgattataagcctattttcaagaagaattccgtaagaggtaagggaacaatgaccggaattacatttatcccttatttccagcctaaaaatagagatcaggagctagaacaaaagcaagatttcggaatgctcaagaaaaaatatcctggtgtggtaagcttgcctaaatccctagagaactacttaacccatactgcaggatttaccatgaccggagttaaaaataattcagagctattcttgcaagctataaatcatattaccgattttgaagaggttgtattgcgtaagatcgtgggaagatccagggaagccaaaaacccacaaggatatattatcaaagctgttaaatcagagttgaaacaacaaggaataaaggcatga
>gene_7402|Replication protein
gaggcggtgctgcagccgttgtttaatcgtgcgataccagagccaagcttaattgtttatactggcagaggcctgcacctgcatttcaacctaaaggctgcatttgatatacccaaatggaaactaacacaaaaggccttaatggataccatagggaacatatgctacaaaaacaattccctgctggatgttaaaggcctggagatagacaagcaagttagtgatccggcaagggtaatgcggacgccaggaacgttaaacaccaagagcaacaccctggctagcgtcatatatgaaagcagcaatgtgtatacccagcaagagctagtgaacaattacaacctggcttacagagagaacagaggcaagaaaaagggtatgcggtcattaagcgaggccttgaagcacgttagcagggacaagatcctggagggcaacacaaggcagcttaaggcctacaagagcttcaactattcctacacaacagaaacccttaacagagccaggtgcaaggatctgaaaaagctaattgagatccgcaacgccaaaggcattaacgagggatacagaaacaccctaatagcaataatgctgcagcttctacaagagggcaagggaaagcaaaaggccaacgatcaagagagcatatacaacgagctgctaggcgttaaccaggcgtttaacgtgccgctaaaggaaagcgagatactgaactgggtaatatgtgcctccgacaagccgcaatattatttctctaacaagaccataattaacaagctggatataacccaggaggaacaagaacagttaagcgtcatcattaccaggcaggttaagaacagacgctattacaacaagaacagagagcagctgctggcagacgctaacaacagatacctgccaaccaaaacgcttaacacggcctctagaaacgccttaaaactgaaagcaagaaagttaaggcagcagggcattaccattaatgaaattgctaacgagataggcaaaagcagaagacaaacaatgaggtatttaaggggttaa
>gene_28533|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgagaaaggttgcctacacaaaccacatcggcagaacatccagggacacccatactgggaagaatactgccatttgcaatctcgcagatctggctgcggccgaaaagcataacaaccatgactatactcaggaagaggttgaccggatgcagtcagacatcaacctagatctgaaaggatacaacagtcagtatgtgatggttgatggtgaattagtccaggttaatggacacatcgacttggaagccaatgtccggaagatctacgaagatcaattcgcagctgccattgaagaatataacctgcagcagatcgcagccggccatcccggccggcagatccagagctacattgacaaggtttctgacgccaagcagcaagaggttgccgttgaaggactgatccaattcggctccctggaagactgggaagggatgtccatggaggataagcagaaggttgtcccgctgctgctgcaggctctgaaggacaccatgggcgagctaaagcaggaggatgcagagttcatcctcgccggtgcttccatccacatgaacgaaggatctccgcacatccactacgtgggagtccccgtacagtacgctgaaaacgcccagaagggcttaaagacacgagttaagaaaaccgccgtattcacccaggaaacccttggcacggggctccaagacaacgttagagccaaaatcgaaccacggttgatggctacctttggctgggaatttgagcaaaagagggctggtcgaaacaaggatctgaccaagaatcagatcgccaatgccaaactgcaggaagagatccagcggcgcaagatcgaaaatcaaggtgcacatgaacagctgcatcttattaacgcagagatagacaggacactggaagaacttggtgacaggatccaggcatacagcgacagacgcattgatgaggttcttggagatccggatggatatggaaacatcctctttttgatggccgaatgtgatccaggtcggctagtcgaattggatcaggaggggcgggagttgaaggaacagctgcttcaggatgcgacacaacggagtttggatcctgtacgagaagggcttgaccggacaatccagaagatcaattctgataaagccaaggggcttacttggcaggagcgacaggaaaagtgggccgagtatcaagaggtaagccgtaagttctgggagttccggaaggaaatgcaggagtacatgaatgacgcgtatcgcaagaagtgtgacgcagagagagcttattatgacaccctgtactttttgagaaaaaaccgaggtttcttgacaacccttatcgggctctgcgtcctgctgtatgaggtaaataaagtaaaccgaatgcgagaggagctggaagaggtaaaggcaagacagtacgctctcaagctcaacacgtccagtttttctacatttagccgacaataccggaatgatttgaaggctggcaaaatgccgtccgatgaaatcatggattccatggcctacatcatgcagcagatggatgatgagtgcgaccgcttcatgggccaggagcggagaatcgccatcaccaagcagagagggatcgaccgctga
>gene_14692|recombinase, partial
atgagcaggctggcggtacatataaagcactttaagaagggttcggttggaagcctcggaacccataactggtataagcgaggcacccatgatgagcatagcaatcaagacattgaccctgccagaagcaaagacaatgtagccctggtgttgccagagcgaagcttgtatagagaagtcaagagcatggtagagcagtctaccgggcgagtgacttctgcttcggtatgggtaagtgaatggattatctatcctccggagcagctgcaggatcctttgacggcagacaaagaggagctgcagcgttactttgacgatgtgcttgcctggatgaacgagcgttacaaggttccgatggcggttgtgcatatggacgaaacgacagtacatatgcatgccgacacggtaccgttaacgaaagacggtaagctctccaggaaagaagtatatacgcgcgcagctctgaatgaaatacatacagaacttgcgaagcatcttgctgaacgcggatgggacatccagcgtggcgaaagcacgcaagagaagcaggtacggtctgtgaccgtccctgaatacaaaaaacaagctgaacgcgagaagcacattgctatccaggagaagctttccctcggtagtgaaatcgaggaaatgaaggaagaatgtcttgttctgaagcaggaaattgatgcagcaaaagattggttgcatcaaattccggattggccgacatatgatgctgaagcaacaaaggcttttaacatcattgacgccttcaaaaaccttatgagagaggtttttgaatccggatgggtattccgtaaccggaaagcagaaaaaggcctcctgaaggccgtggagggcgtcagagacaaaattatgtcaatagtgtctgcgctcagaggctttgaagcaaattggcgcgttccggaagagcagcaacggtccaaggctatcacaaggtcttttaatgatttaatgcaggacgcccaggagagagccggggttccgaaagagcttccgaagacaaaggagaatgaacgatga
>gene_6985|Replication protein
atgccaaaacgtaaaaaactccctaaagtgcccgattatgagggaatgggtacattatcagaaaatgcagaaatacagaaagcaagacccttgcagtctcttgccgaaactgagctgacacttccagagttcaaaatactcgatgcatatctcgcaagaatcaacagccacgaccccgacaaacgcaccgtgaagcttgaaaaaggcgaacttgaaaaggctatcggagttacccgaatactcaaagatgaccttgataagcgtttacgaaatttgtttcaaatcatcgaggttaaggacgagaacaagcgtaaaggcttcaagttaatcaatctctttgaagaagccgatgcggaacaggatgatgatggtctttggcagataacgttgacctgcacagcatcggctcgtgaatacgtgttcaacattgacaatatcgggtatctgcggtataggctgaaaaacgtaataaacctaacatcacggtacagttatgtactgttcctgtatctgcttgacaaccgttttcgtaagacgtggagcattgaccttgcggatctcaaagcattgctcaattgcaaagctgatgcatacaaacaatattaccgtttcaatgacttaatattaaaaaaatgccacaaggaattatgtgaaaaaacggaacttcgtttttcttatgagcctgtgaaaaagggtagagctgtgtcagctgttcgcttcactattgaaacaaattcagaagtagttattgaaaatattgacgaaaagcagttatctctatttcaagaaaatgatgatttaccgctatggcaagaaccgctcttaccgttcaaactgacacaagaacaatacgatgtaattggctcattgctcgttactattcccgattacaaacttcccgaatgccccgcttgccctggagcattagacctaagacgttatcattatcttgaccaaaaagtaaaggaaatcaattcgagaggaaatgtaaaaaatccgtattcctatcttgtgaagattatgaaaaacgatggaaagcagtag
>gene_43008|Putative Rep
ttgcacgataaagacttttgtcgagataaagacgggtctattattcgagataaagacggtcagccgattcctcgtgtccctcactatcattttgctatacgatataaggacgcttatcctttatcagttgtatcaagtcaattagatataccacctaactttattgaaaaagtccgtagttttaaaaatatatctaactatcttgtacataataccgatgacagcattagactcggtaagtatcaatataatattgatgatattgaagttttaaaaggcactatcaacgattataaaaaagattgtatagttaatgagtcaaccgatttagataatatcttaaaaggtattgaatctcttgagatatgtccttacaatttagccgattattgtagtcaatctaactttttaaagtataagcgaaaaatacttgacgcttttgagtatcaagaaaaaaagcataatggggttaatagagatatggaagtttactatgtttatggtggtagtggttgcggtaaaactactttatcaaaacatttatgcgagagtgtattaaaagtaaagccgtatattgcttcgcaaggtaaaaacccttttgataactacggcggtgagtccgctatcattatggacgatttgcgtccgagtgattttaaaatgagcgacttaacaaaattacttgataatgatacttcaagtcttgttgcttgtagatattataataaaaatttgtggcgttgtaagtatctttttattactacaattttacctattaaaaagttttatgagagtttacaagaatactctaatgagccttttgaacagttacagcgtcgtatatcttatcatatcaatgtaaaatctattaatttaaaaaatggacttgtaacggcttttattgatgaagagcaaatgacactttactatcagttagccaactttacaaaaaaagaaaaatctaagtttttatttgattcggctataaataaggataagcctactttaatccctaccgataaagatgatttaccattttga
>gene_55686|Replication protein RepB
atgcgcattcccatgaagcaagctctcgttgatcgggcagatcgtactgacgaactcgtcgcctcgggtcgtcaggtcgatatggtgttcaaggctggccagaaggccctgagcctgcgggcgcagaagttatggcacctgctggtgaaggacgccggggtgaagctggccgacaacacgacgcacacgatggcgctctcggatctctaccagaccggcttggggcacatgacgttggccgagcgcatcgacaccctgcgcgagttgcagaccacgttggttgaggtcacagccccatcggccaaggtcaaaggccggatgcgcgtcatttctggcccgctgctcgactacgtggcccgcgacgaggacgaccgtggcgatctggaatggtccttcagccgcgtcctgcgcaccgttttcgccaattccgaccactgggcggtattgtccaggcgcgcagtcatggccttcgagagccgctattccctccggctttacgaactgatcgcgctgcgcgctggcctcaaccacaagaccactgagacattctccctggacgatctgcgcgctcgtctcggagtgcctgtcggcaagctgactagctggatccatcttcggcaacgagcgctcgatccggccattgccgaggtgaaccaactcgccggatttcgcgtgacctatgagccactgaagagcggccgatccgtcgcgtcggtacgcctgtcttggcaggtcaaatccgcccccgatcggacggccaccaagcgcgagctcgacggatcaaaggtcggccggaaggcgcgacgtgatggatcggtcgaacaggtcgctgcgcctgcgattgagttcccgactgggtcgatccgacatacacctttcggcgccatcgctttggccaatctgcctcatcctgcgcgagatattgatatggtggccaacgatttcagggcttgggctcagcgggacaccaagcctctacgcggtgaccaggtcacggcgatgttcgctggattttgccgccggcagaaaccagcgaattag
>gene_39991|Initiator RepB protein
atggcattgacaggcgatgaattagtagagaaaagtaatgaactcaatgaaattatctataaaaatgcaacattgccagcattacggttcttttctatatacatggcgaaaataaaccccagagacgaaagcaccagagttgttaaatttaaggtatctgactttgagaagataatggatatcaagcggtttaatgtaacaaaattctttgaagcaaccgatacgctgctcggtttacctgtacgaaaaaaagatagacgaggcaaagaagcagagaacgccagaatattcagctatttcaagcttaccaatatagacggtgaggactatgtcgttgcagatgtttccgactacgctatgccatatttgtttaacttgcgtgatagatactttacttatcacctttggaacgcacttcgtttgaagtcaactaaccaagttagaatgtacgagatattaaagcaatacgagcggataggtaaaagggaaataagcgttgaagaattgaaagagcagttatatatagacccggatgcttatcagcgatgggatgtattcagaaccaaagtccttgatgtttgtcaaagagctttagaagacacaacggatatccgcttcacttatgaaagaggtaaaacgggtaatggcggtaaatggctgacaataatattccatatatataagaacaacagctatattgaccagttctgtttggaagagtttattgacctacctgatgaagaagaggttatcatagagacagaagctgaagcacattttcagacagataacatggctttgttagctgaagcctgcgacaatgaatttgatgcttcagaaatggatgtaatattcgctttgatagctgataagccgatgccacataacaaccttggtatttggatagctcgctaccattaccttgaaaagaagtatgtggagctggaataccgtgcaaagaagaacgctaaagcaggaaacccaataaagaacaggtttgcatatttcaaaactatgttggaaaaggatgaagaagaatga
>gene_14992|replication initiation protein
atgatcgattcacgtattcatccacttttagactggtttcaggctgtttttaatgattgttcgatgtatgatgtattaatttcaattggttgtaattatcttgttacggacgacgttcatgaagtctttcagaagaagttctttaattctgaaggcttcattacgaacatgctctttaattttaatggtattattttgaaagtaaagtgtcatgaattggagaagattctttctgatcggaacatggttgatgaagatttgaatgagtctgtctttgagtgggaatttccttatattcagcttactttgtccggctctacgttggattatttgcgcagcagcggtattgatgtgaataagatcttgtttgatcgtcttccgcttatttctgacacggcttcttatcatgttactcgtgtagactttgcttttgattttatcgattacatgccgaattttcttgatgattgcctagaacaggtcgagcgttctcgtcttccttctggtcgtctaatgggtgttggttctggtaatggtatgtgctacacggtccgtacttcgaataaagaaaagacgctttatcttggttcgagtaagtcgaataagcttgttcgcatttatgataagggtttgcagtatcgtgatcataatgataaaaatccttatgttgttggcgatcgcgttcctgattcttggattcgtgttgagctgcagtgtcggcgtgagcaagaatgccataaattattgtatggatgcgaaggtgatatggttcgcgttcttcgatatatctatgataattttgcgcttgttgaatctgatggttctaaatacggtcaggaacgtcatgtttccgattgttggaaaaatcttttccgatgggatgaaattccccgtattatccaaaatttgcatgtagttcaaaaaatagtttctgtaattgatagggcacatgattatatcaagaatattgcttttggtaatattgttacttttgtttctttctttggttggaattctttccgccaattggttgatggt
>gene_8997|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_33720|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_34603|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_36175|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_35144|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggacacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_34134|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_57912|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccaagggatatgttattag
>gene_39171|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_45154|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaattatcattaccccaatggaagacgcaaataaagacctggttcagtcattcaaaatgaccacaatcagaaacgggtttggcatttatggccaacggactattatccgcctgatcgaagcttcacaacaattcctccagggcaaaaagatcggggattgtgtatcctatcagtttgaaaaaagcttatgggaagaaatgcgcataaagatgcctatttccgcgatcctggcaaaagatgatgtatcaaaccacctggaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacaacgggaatggagtatcaagcccccaacggggattgggttgtaacaactctcatttcaaaagttgttttcagtaaatcaacgggggaagctgttatcactattcagcccgagatatgggaagcaattcttgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgttttgagcttaacaaggccctggagcttaaatcagcatactccgtgaggttatacgagcttttaagcggtcaagaacggccaataagtttaaatcttgatcagttgaaaaaaatgttgggtgtagaaaagaaatatccgcgaccgactgacttcataaagcgcgtattaaatcccgccaaagaagagcttgataaattagccccttatagtttcgattttaagcccattttagagcgcaaatcgggccgaggtaagccaactattacgggatttactttcgtgccttattttcagcctaaaaaccgcgataaagacctggccgagaaagcggaatattcaaacatacaatacaattacccgcacattgtcgcgcttccccagggaattaaaaactatctcatgcaatgttttgagtttacggaaacgggtatcaagaacaacgaagcattattcaacatgggaaacaagtacctggatttagataaattcttgcggaagattgtcagcaaagccagacaagcaaagaacccccagggatatgttattagagctatcaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaagggaatcaagatatga
>gene_51467|Rep
atggaaaccgtttccgatcccacttgcccccattctagcgaaattattgcgcttgaacagccccgtgatgggctttttgattacagccctacggatgccccatgggacgtccaccgtggccaagctgatgatgtgggcgggatctatgcgacagcgcttgaattcgagcgctacgcggctcgtatggctgattgcggcggggtgctcttgtttggctgggagatcaacccggccacatgggtaaccgctttgcgcctaaagcacagccatttttgccgggtgcgtcattgcccggtgtgccagtggagacgttccctcatgtggcaagcccggtttcaccaagccctccctaagatcgtctgtgagcatcccaaggcccgctggttattcctgaccctgactgtgcctaatcgctccataggcgagcttggagagactctgacagcgatgaatgccgggtggcagcggttgatcaaacgcaaagagctgaaacccattttgggctgggtgcgcaccactgaggtcacacgcagcgctatcggtgaggcacacccgcacttccatgtgttgctgatggtgccgccaagctggtttcgagggcagacctacgtcaagcaagcccgctgggtcgagctgtggcaagagtgcatgcgcgatccaaccatttcgccgtccgggctatggatcgaagtaatcaaaggggctgtcccagagagtgggcaatcagcctctgatgtcacgagctttgcacttcaaaaggcagtctctgaaaccctcaaatacagcgttaagccgtctgacatgacagatgatcccgattggtttctggaactgacgcggcaagcccacaagcgccgattcgtggctacgggtggagtgctgaaaaacgtgctccgggtcgatgaggaaacggacgctgacttggtgatggcggacgggccggcagaaggggaagacgatggatctcggttggctttcaactggcgtgaatttgagcgccggtatcgccgcgcacccaacggggataaaccagctcgctga
>gene_50628|Rep
atggaaaccgtttccgatcccacttgcccccattctagcgaaattattgcgcttgaacagccccgtgatgggctttttgattacagccctacggatgccccatgggacgtccaccgtggccaagctgatgatgtgggcgggatctatgcgacagcgcttgaattcgagcgctacgcggctcgtatggctgattgcggcggggtgctcttgtttggctgggagatcaacccggccacatgggtaaccgctttgcgcctaaagcacagccatttttgccgggtgcgtcattgcccggtgtgccagtggagacgttccctcatgtggcaagcccggtttcaccaagccctccctaagatcgtctgtgagcatcccaaggcccgctggttattcctgaccctgactgtgcctaatcgctccataggcgagcttggagagactctgacagcgatgaatgccgggtggcagcggttgatcaaacgcaaagagctgaaacccattttgggctgggtgcgcaccactgaggtcacacgcagcgctatcggtgaggcacacccgcacttccatgtgttgctgatggtgccgccaagctggtttcgagggcagacctacgtcaagcaagcccgctgggtcgagctgtggcaagagtgcatgcgcgatccaaccatttcgccgtccgggctatggatcgaagtaatcaaaggggctgtcccagagagtgggcaatcagcctctgatgtcacgagctttgcacttcaaaaggcagtctctgaaaccctcaaatacagcgttaagccgtctgacatgacagatgatcccgattggtttctggaactgacgcggcaagcccacaagcgccgattcgtggctacgggtggagtgctgaaaaacgtgctccgggtcgatgaggaaacggacgctgacttggtgatggcggacgggccggcagaaggggaagacgatggatctcggttggctttcaactggcgtgaatttgagcgccggtatcgccgcgcacccaacggggataaaccagctcgctga
>gene_45233|Replication protein A
atgaaaacaataacaataaaccccatggaaagcacaaacaaagacctggttcagtcatttaaaatgacaacaataagaaacgggtttggcatatacggccaaaggacaattattcgcctggtggaagcttctcaacaattcctgcagggtaagaagataggggattgtataacctatcaatatgaaaaaagcttgtgggacgaaatgcgtattaaaatgcctattacggcaattctggcaaaagatgatgtatctaaccacctgcaagcaaagaagcaattaaagaagcttgtaacgacagcaatggaatatgaagcccctaacggcaattggattataacaacacttatttcaaaagtcgagttcagtaaaatcacgggggaagctatcataacaatacagcccgaaatttgggaagctattctcgatttttcaaagggttttaggcgctttgagcttaataaagccctggagcttaagtcagcttactccgtgcgcttatacgagcttttaagcgggcaagaaacccccttaagctttaatcttgaaaacttaaagaagatgttaggcgttgaaaaaaaatatcctcgccccgttgactttatcaagcgcgtattaaatcccgctaaagaagaactcgatagattagccccctatagcttcgattttaagccccttttagagcgaaagtccgaacgaggtaagcccactatcataggcttcactttttacccgtattttcagcctaaaaagcgggataaagccctggccgagaaagcggactttgataacattcgctataagtacccgaatgttgtcgatatcccccagggaataaaaaactatcttatgcaatgttttgattttaccgaaacgggaattaagaacaatcaagatttattaagccgagcaaacaaacacctggatttagataagttcttgcggaagatcgtaagcaatgcccggaaagccaagaacccccagggctatgtaattagagcaataaaaagcgaactcaaagaaaaagggataaacttatga
>gene_37031|RepA
gtgaacggggacgcaatcatagaagttcagccggaagtgtggcaggcaatgctagacttttcaaaggggtggagaaggttcgaactagacaaggccctaaagctaaaaagcacctattcaatacggctttatcagttgctaagcgggcaagagaacccgattagttacaccctggtaaacctaaagaagatgctgggagttgaaaagaagtacaccaggcctttagacttcatcaatagggttattattccggcaaaggaagagctcgacaaggtagccccctacaccttcgattttaagcccatcctggaacggaaatcgaacaaaggccgggcaggtattaccgggatcaccttcttccccttatatcagcccaaacaccgggataaggccctagcggaaaaggaagatcttaacaacctggataggaagtatccgggcgtggctgttatccccatgggaacggaaaactatctaatccatagccttgagtttacccagaagggcatcgagaacaacaaagaattgatcttgcaaggcctggcccatatcgatgagtttgacgcctttctccggaagcttgcgccctcttccaggaaggccaaaaacagacaaggttacattctcaatgcaatcaagagtgaactcaaatctaaaggcatacaagtatga
>gene_43673|Replication protein
atgagtgatattatacaacaaaaaactctagattcaatctattcttctttagatttgaaagattatacgaaacataaaagaatggcagagagaaccgatttatattcgctttatatagacacaaatgaaaaaaaggctatacgagcagataaatgcggaaattttatggtttttagtcaataccgtagccaggatactactaaggttaaaaacaagctagaaatggctaatttttgcaagaatcgattttgccctttttgtgcctttttgaaatctcgtaagcttgtggtggaatttaagaatatattgcaacaaatagagcaaaatagtaaatcaaaggttacttacttatttcttacgcttacgattaagaattgtccgcttaatgagcttcgcgaaactttaaacaaaatgagcaaagcttttaacaatatgtttaaaaaagaaaagcttttagataggcacattttaggctatttaagggctgttgaattttttggcgacaatactccaaagggtgaagctcatccgcattttcatacgcttttagtggtggattctagctattttatgggcaaatattatattagcaaatttaaatgggctgatatgtggcgaaaatatttaggaatccccaaaaatgagccttgtatcgtagatattcgcaggataaaagctaagaatactgaatggttggaaactgattctgcggtgtttgaagttataaaatatagcgtagctcccgctgtgttgtggaatttgactaaagatgagtttttggagcttgataagcaagttaaaggaattaggcagtataatcgcggtggattgtgtaaaactataaagcctttggaa
>gene_37145|Rep-like protein
atgagtgatattatacaacaaaaaactctagattcaatctattcttctttagatttgaaagattatacgaaacataaaagaatggcagagagaaccgatttatattcgctttatatagacacaaatgaaaaaaaggctatacgagcagataaatgcggaaattttatggtttttagtcaataccgtagccaggatactactaaggttaaaaacaagctagaaatggctaatttttgcaagaatcgattttgccctttttgtgcctttttgaaatctcgtaagcttgtggtggaatttaagaatatattgcaacaaatagagcaaaatagtaaatcaaaggttacttacttatttcttacgcttacgattaagaattgtccgcttaatgagcttcgcgaaactttaaacaaaatgagcaaagcttttaacaatatgtttaaaaaagaaaagcttttagataggcacattttaggctatttaagggctgtt
>gene_36692|Rep
atgagtgatattatacaacaaaaaactctagattcaatctattcttctttagatttgaaagattatacgaaacataaaagaatggcagagagaaccgatttatattcgctttatatagacacaaatgaaaaaaaggctatacgagcagataaatgcggaaattttatggtttttagtcaataccgtagccaggatactactaaggttaaaaacaagctagaaatggctaatttttgcaagaatcgattttgccctttttgtgcctttttgaaatctcgtaagcttgtggtggaatttaagaatatattgcaacaaatagagcaaaatagtaaatcaaaggttacttacttatttcttacgcttacgattaagaattgtccgcttaatgagcttcgcgaaactttaaacaaaatgagcaaagcttttaacaatatgtttaaaaaagaaaagcttttagataggcacattttaggctatttaagggctgttgaattttttggcgacaatactccaaagggtgaagctcatccgcattttcatacgcttttagtggtggattctagctattttatgggcaaatattatattagcaaatttaaatgggctgatatgtggcgaaaatatttaggaatccccaaaaatgagccttgtatcgtagatattcgcaggataaaagctaagaatactgaatggttggaaactgattctgcggtgtttgaagttataaaatatagcgtagctcccgctgtgttgtggaatttgactaaagatgagtttttggagcttgataagcaagttaaaggaattaggcagtataatcgcggtggattgtgtaaaactataaagcctttggaaaacgaagaa
>gene_58165|Replication protein
atgagtgatattatacaacaaaaaactctagattcaatctattcttctttagatttgaaagattatacgaaacataaaagaatggcagagagaaccgatttatattcgctttatatagacacaaatgaaaaaaaggctatacgagcagataaatgcggaaattttatggtttttagtcaataccgtagccaggatactactaaggttaaaaacaagctagaaatggctaatttttgcaagaatcgattttgccctttttgtgcctttttgaaatctcgtaagcttgtggtggaatttaagaatatattgcaacaaatagagcaaaatagtaaatcaaaggttacttacttatttcttacgcttacgattaagaattgtccgcttaatgagcttcgcgaaactttaaacaaaatgagcaaagcttttaacaatatgtttaaaaaagaaaagcttttagataggcacattttaggctatttaagggctgttgaattttttggcgacaatactccaaagggtgaagctcatccgcattttcatacgcttttagtggtggattctagctattttatgggcaaatattatattagcaaatttaaatgggctgatatgtggcgaaaatatttaggaatccccaaaaatgagccttgtatcgtagatattcgc
>gene_52798|replication protein RepB
atggcaagacccaagaagaacacaaagcctattgtcggaaccggtaaggatccggaggcccggctaacggttcagaagtccatccctctgttctccctgtggcgctcagatatgtctctgagcgagtttaagatcctggacacctatttgtccaggatcaacagccatgagcctgagaagcgctctgtggtctttacaaagggcgaattggagcagctgctgggcgtcaagaaaatcaataagacagatctatctgccaggctgaacggtctggggcggttcgtagaggtagaacactctgacaataagctgcacaaggtcgctctgtttgaagaggcctttggcgagatagatgagaacggcctctggacggtcaatctcacctgtaccgccaaggccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgagaagcttgggtacctccggtacaagcttcgttgcatcaccagtctgaccagcagatacacctacgttctcttcatgtacttggaggctaaccggttccggaagtcctgggtggtcgatctggacgagctgcggcaaatcctgaactgcgaccaggacgaactctatcaggagtttaagtttttcaatcagcggatcctgaagaagtgccagaaggagctgcaggagaaaacggagtgccggttcgactacgacccggttaaaaccggccgccgggtaaccggcgtcagattcactctggccactctggccgacagcatcgaacctccgatgcctggccagatgtctctggatgatttcgatttcagcgaggatccaaatgcaatctatgccgacgtgctcccggagagcctgacggccgatcaggtcgaagctctccggacgttggccgtcaaaagagccttctggatcccaggaggcctccatcccagggagtgtgccatcgctgactacctacgcgagaaggtagtcatgatgtacgcacacaacagagacgtcaaacatccattcaactacctgaaggccatgatcgagcaggacgaagagatctacagctga
>gene_19613|Plasmid replication protein
atgattacccaacagctcgatgtgtctatgtgggactggactgacgacgaattgaaggcgattgagaatcataatatgcaagctatttgtgatgtggttatgacccgatttgcgtcaaatcatatcgacgtagaggaaatgtatgcaatcattcacgataaggacacggtggagaagtggaacgaagcccatcagcgttatgagattatcacgaaacagccgcatattcatatcgttgtcaaattcgccgatagaacggtgaatatcgagaatgtcgccgtctgccttggcttgaagcctgagttcgtggagaagcccacacgcggcaagtatgcctatagcaatatgcttgcatatcttatccatatcaagtatgccgacaaatatcagtataattatactgaggttttaacggttgccggaattccctattctgaggtctatcacaataatctggagatgtgggaaaagggtagagcaaaggtagatgtagaccgtagccgtgaagatatcgactggcttgaagctaagattctgagcggtgaggtgtcacgttcacaagtgttcttgactgatgattatttcaagatttacagtcaatacaaacgaagatgtgatgacgctttcagtacatacgccgagcgcaaagcatacaaaacgatacaagcgatggaaaacggtgaattcaagctgacagtattgtttatcactggtgcttctcgttccggtaaatcaaagctgacagacagattggttcagcagattatagaggacgcacaagagcgattcggtgaatcgtggtcggtagcgcaagccgccgcgtcgaatcctttcgatgattaccttggtgaagagatattagtgatggacgatttgcgaggaatggcgttgaccgcttcggactggttgaagctgatggacgctgaccgtgtttctatcaattcggctcgatatagaaataagcgtgtcgccgttcgagcaatagtcatcaattcggaaaaagaaccgcttgaatttttctattatctcaagggtaacggctccggtgacgcgagagcagaagccatggaccagttctttgggcgaatcatggcttgcgttcatgtgttccgtgttgattcagacgctgacagtgcgcgtgttgttagtattgaagacggtattcgtacttctgaaccttacatgattaaatctccggataacattaacgtgatgtcgttgaattatcgttttgaacccaaccccgacaaacccttttatcaatatgatgaggctatcaagcgtttgtctgacatggttatttctcgaaacggtttggagcctactgataactccgtgattcagacagaggaacagcgcgaaaaggctgagttcttcattcgcaagcaagacttgattcgtgagttgcgccccaaggcacaggagatatatgacgctaaaaaagcggaatacgatgaactttgccgtattggtcgtgagaaacaagggtcgattgtgtggggcgatggtgcccccgatgatgttccttaccccgattttcatattatcttgaatgacttggtaaatgaagcgttacagaaagaattcaatgatgatattgaatcgatgtga
>gene_45919|MobA/MobL protein
atggctgatgaagcaacaggcaggagcttcaatcacaccagcaaagaagaagtggtatactctcaaacttttttgccagaccacgctcctgagcgttgggcggaaaatcctgcggagatgtggagcagtttgcaagaaaaggaaatgtctagcaaggcaactaatcccagattatatagggaaatggagattgctttcccgaatgagtggagtcttgaacaggaaaaaaaggtgcttgaaaatatctgtaacaacttagctgatgagggtatttgttgcacagcaggaatacacaacaaagaaaacaaccaccatgtccacattgaaatggcaatgcgccgagtcgatgaaaaagggcgatggatggcgaagtataaaaagggatatgctctggacgagaacggcgagaaaattccaatccttgacaaaaacggcaagcaaaaaactgagaaaaagacagggcgcaagctctggctgagagaagaaaaaagtctgtgctttgatgataaatcttatgtcgataagtggcgtgaaatggtctgcgctgaaatcaataaagagctgtcagcaggccgacagctagaccatcgcagttatgaagcaaggggcattaaaaaaacgcctacaatacatcactatggactgtctgacagagttgaaataaataagggtataacagctcaaaatgagcgttgcgaagcgctagaaaaagagataacgagcctgcagaagctcatatcttttgagcgtaaaagaggtacagagcgcagctctcaaaaagagcagcactctgtaccagatgtatctgagcgctcatcagcgccgagcagagatttttctgctgatataaggaacatcaggacaagcagaacagagcaagcgctgtcctctttgtccagcgctgtgcaaggcgtaaaagagggtagagcgctacgccttgccgagcaagagcgcaaagaaaaagaatacgagaaacagggcttgaacgcttatgacagggacgaaagagcgaacaggcacatggggcggtatttgtaa
>gene_6781|Putative replication initiation protein
atgagttgttataagccacttcatgcttttccggttgaagtgactcctgacggtactactcattataagatctttggtcgtgatgtcttccggattcgtgagtcttctcatggttttagagctgtttttggttcggatgtccggagtactgatattacaaactatgtcgacataccttgtcgtaaatgtatcggctgccgtctcgattattcccgccagtgggcggaccgtttaatgatcgagcttcagcgtcacaagaccgcttggtttgttacattgacttatgatgataatcatcttcctcacgcaataaattcgtctacgggcgaattagagccttatggtaccctttccaagcgtgactgtcagttgtttatgaagcgtctccggaaagctcatgctgaattgtatccggatcttcatttgatgtattatcttgccggtgaatatggtgatacgacagctcgtccgcattatcatgcgattatttttgatcttcagcttaacgatcttgagatctggacgaagcgtcaaggtttcacttattttacaagtaagtggttaaaggatcgttggcagaatggtaacgctattgttgctaaagttacttgggaaacttgtgcatatactgccaggtatatcgtcaaaaaacagcttggcaaatctgccaaagagtggtatattgaaaatggacttcaaccggagttttcattggtttctacgaaaccggctatttctaagacttactttgaagaaactattcttcaaagtaaaactttcggaatagttgattctgtttttttgtccaccgatgaaggtggcaaagaagtccgatttccaaagtattgggatcgtctttatgatcgtgttgatcctgatggactccttgatattaaggatgagcgtaagattaatgctcagatgattcaggatctcaagttgtctcagacttcgaagtctttttatgattatctcgaagatgaagaaacaaataagttagcgcagattcagtctttaagaaggaggacagttgaatga
>gene_26580|Mobilization protein
gacgataacggcgagtatgtaaagttcggcaataagaagattgacccttcccgtagtcatttgaattataacttagctccagagcgttcggaaggtcaaattgcttttatacagaagcgtgtatctgaggttcgttgcctaaagcgtgatgatgttaaggtgatgtgttcttgggtcttgactgcgccaaaaaaaatagcgcagtcagaccgtgagcgttttttcacgtctgcttatgaattcttttctaacagatatggcggtgatcagaatgttatctctgcttacgttcaccgtgatgagagtgaagaccatatgcattttgcatttatccctattgtttatgacaagaagaaagattgctacaaagtatctgctaaagacgttttgacaaaaaaagagctcacgattatacatacagacctctctgctcatttggagcgtgagttcggttttgatgtcggtgttcttcttgatgatagcacaaagagagataacaaagaatataagcctatggctgagttgaagcgtgagacagcattaaaagagttagcagagttagagagtgccgtagaagctcacagattgcccgtagtggctcttaatgaggtcgaagccataaatgataaggcagaggttaaaaagcgtcctctggctaaatctgagcgtgttgtgttatctcgtgatgattatgaccgtttatatcgtcaagctcagcactctgcttttgctgatatgaaggttcaagaattgtcagagcaggtcgctgacttaaaaaaagagaataaacgattacaagagcgtgtttctgctcttgctaagaaggtcgttgctatggagcaagagattaaagcgttgcttaaaaaaatacctgtgattagtattgttaaagattgtttacagtcgcttgtcgatattattctcgataggccttctccgaaggacatcgaaagaatgaataaagcactcgacaagcaatatgaagcagagcgtgaagctctttatggtaagcgtgaagatagaacactaagccgttga
>gene_51356|Replication initiator protein
gtgacaaaggttgaatatcttaatgagaagtggttaaataatggattgagtcaaggtgctataaaggattatgcatatattattcatcatagcgatagaagagaagacggttctttgaaggatgcacattatcacatatgtttaagattgaataatagttatgatactaagtatgttgccaagtggtttaatgttggagaacaatttgtaagcagggtaaaaggtcgttggtctgatgtgttaaagtatctaacacatgctaatgctcctgaaaaatatcaatattctgatggtgatgttgtaagtaattttaactggaaggaagaggcaacaaaggttgattataatactagaaaagaagaaataataaataaaatagctactggtgaaattaaagaatataattatcatgaatatattactgctatagaaaatgataagttcagtgatagtattaaaaaggcttttaagtatagactagatttaattaagggagttgagcgtgatatggaatgtgtgtttattactggagatagtggagtaggtaaaactacttattctaaggaagtggctaagaataaaggttatagtgtatttgtgtctagtggtagtaatgatatattagatggttatggcggtcaagattgtataatacttgatgatttgcgtccttcttgtatgggactaagtgatttgttgaaaatgttagataatcatactgcaagttctgtaaaaagtagatataaaaataaagttcttgaatgtaaaatgattataataacgacaactttgtcaattgatgagttctttcgtaatgtgttttcagaggaagaggagactgttatccagttaaagagaaggtgtcgaattcatattagaatggaatgtgattatctttatatgagtttatggcagcctaaaagtagatgctatagtaaagaatttaagcaacgtaatcctgtggctgatatgtataaagttaaagatttaacttctgaa
>gene_13688|Replication initiator protein
gtgacaaaggttgaatatcttaatgagaagtggttaaataatggattgagtcaaggtgctataaaggattatgcatatattattcatcatagcgatagaagagaagacggttctttgaaggatgcacattatcacatatgtttaagattgaataatagttatgatactaagtatgttgccaagtggtttaatgttggagaacaatttgtaagcagggtaaaaggtcgttggtctgatgtgttaaagtatctaacacatgctaatgctcctgaaaaatatcaatattctgatggtgatgttgtaagtaattttaactggaaggaagaggcaacaaaggttgattataatactagaaaagaagaaataataaataaaatagctactggtgaaattaaagaatataattatcatgaatatattactgctatagaaaatgataagttcagtgatagtattaaaaaggcttttaagtatagactagatttaattaagggagttgagcgtgatatggaatgtgtgtttattactggagatagtggagtaggtaaaactacttattctaaggaagtggctaagaataaaggttatagtgtatttgtgtctagtggtagtaatgatatattagatggttatggcggtcaagattgtataatacttgatgatttgcgtccttcttgtatgggactaagtgatttgttgaaaatgttagataatcatactgcaagttctgtaaaaagtagatataaaaataaagttcttgaatgtaaaatgattataataacgacaactttgtcaattgatgagttctttcgtaatgtgttttcagaggaagaggagactgttatccagttaaagagaaggtgtcgaattcatattagaatggaatgtgattatctttatatgagtttatggcagcctaaaagtagatgctatagtaaagaatttaagcaacgtaatcctgtggctgatatgtataaagttaaagatttaacttctgaagagcaatttaatgtacttagtgaagttcttggtttt
>gene_30979|Replication initiator protein
atggcaagaccaaagaagaatgctgaacccatcattggcaccggcaaggatccggaatacaaactcaccgtacagaagtctttaccgctattttccctgtggcggtcagatatgtccttggccgagtttaagatcctggatacatatctgtctcgaattaacagccatgagccggaaaagagatctgtcgtatttacgaaaggcgagttggagcagctgctcggcgttaagaaaatcaataaaacagatctgtcagagcgcttgaacggcctaggtcgatttgtcgagctcgagcaatccgatcagaagctgcataaggtcgctttgtttgaagaagccttcggtgagatagatgaaaaaggcctttggacgattaaactcacatgcacagccaaggccatgaagtacatcttcaacgtcgaaaaactgggttaccttcggtacaagctccgctgcataacaagcatgacaagcagatatacctacgttcttttcatgtacctggaatccaatcgtttccggaagtcctgggtggtgggagtcgatgagctccgccaaatcttgaactgcgatacagaacagacgtatagtcaattcaagcgattcaatgatctgatactcaaacgtagtcaaaaggagctgttagaaaagactgaatgccgattttcctacgagccgattaagaccggaaggaaagttacaggggtaaaattcaccctggagactctagcagacagcatagagccggcattgcctgggcagctctccctaggtgacttcccggaagtacaggaacgtccaaacgaactatttgcctcagttcttccggaagaattgacagatgaacaaatcgaacaccttcgaagcctggctgccgatcatgttccatgggaactgggagatactagggaaagtagagatttgcaaattgcaaacttcctcatacggaaagtcaaactgatggaagcacaaagaaaaccagtaacacacccatacaattggctgaaacgagcaatcgaagaagattggtcgtaa
>gene_2475|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
ttggcttgtggtaagcctttaaaggcaattcgtttatttgatgattctgagtcaaagaataagattatatttgatgcagtggcttatgatacaggtttttatcatggttcttggattgcggaacacaatcgccttttgattccttgcggtcagtgtacatcttgtcgtattcaaaagtcaagagaatgggccaaccgcttaatgatggagttgcaagatcataaagaagcttggtttattacgttgacctataataatgagcatggccgtttagctactgataattatggtgaagttcatgactggttaactctttgtaagtctgattttcagaaatttatgaagcgtttacgaaaaaattctggtcaacaacttcggttttatgcgtgtggtgaatatggtactgagacgttccggcctcattatcatgcgatcatttttggtttacatcttgatgatttacgcttgtataaaaagtccaatttgggatttttatactatacgtctccgtttcttgactccgtttggtctgaagaaattgaaagacttgatcctgttactggtcagaaagtcactgttaaggagccaattggttacgtgattgttgctgaagttaactgggaaacttgtgcttatactgcacgatacgttaccaaaaaaatgactggtgctgagtctgttttttatgatgagatgtttttggaaccgcctttttccttgatgagtcgaaagcctggcattgcccataattattatgagcgtaataaggataaaatttttactcaggaatttattaatatttctactgataaaggtggtttgaagtttactccccctaagtattttaaaaaattaggtgttcaggatgaaaattatggtctggttgaagagaagtcagagcagtatgcgaagatggcagctgaaaagacgaaaattaaattatcaaaatgctcatatacacttgatgaacttctagcagtagaagaacggtgttttgagaataggattaaatctttaaggaggaacattgtatga
>gene_56042|replication protein RepB
atggcaagacccaaaaagcaagcggagcccatcgttggcaccggaaaagacccggagaacaagctcaccgtgcagaagtcgctgccgctgttctctctgtggcgctctgacatgaccctggcagagttcaagatactggacacatatctgtcccggataaatagccacgagccggaaaagcgctctgtggtcttcaccaagggcgaactggagcagctgctcggtgtcacccggataaacaagccagacctggctgcccggctgaagggtcttggtcggttcgtcgatatcaagcccaacgacagcgacaaggtgcaccatgtcgccctgttcgaggaagcctacggcgagatggacgagaacggacaatggactgtccgtatcacttgcacccccaaagcgatgaagtatgtcttcaatgtcgagaagctcggctacctccggtacaagctgcgctgcattacctcgctgacgagccgctacacctatgtgctgttcatctacctggaaagcaaccgcttccggaagacctgggaggtcgacctggacgagctgcgccaggttctgaactgcgaccacgacgagctctacaaggagttcaagcggttcaatgagcgcattctgaaacgctgccaaaaggagctgcaggagaaaacggagtgccgtttcacctatgagccagtaaagaccgggcgccgggtcacggctgtccggttcaccctggagaccctggctgacaccatcgagcccaacctgcccgggcagctctccctggacgactacgagaacgaagaccccaacgccatctatgccgaagtgctcccggagggcatgagcccggagcaggtcgaagcgctgcgaaccctggcagccaaaaaggtgttttgggtgcctggtggtatgcaccccagggagtgcgccattgccgactatctccggcaaaaggtggtcttcatgaacgccaacgggcgcaaggtgcagcacccctacaactacctgaagagcatgattgagaaagacgaggatgtgtactga
>gene_38927|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctagtgctaaatttgatggtgggaaatgcaaaggtggtagtgctgccaaggcgatgatgagacacaacgatatttcaattgagtctagaaaaatagcagctaaagaaaatacccacatagatatttctaaatctcatctgaatttctcatttgataagctgacttataagcaacgatgtgaaaagtatgataaacgaattaaggaacttgatgaaacaacaaataccaacaaaagaaaagatagggttacaatgcaagctattgaaattcctcgtcctgctgacttgtcagaagataaaattaaagattggttttctgatgtttgggatatagttcagaacttatatggagctgaaaatgtagtttatggtgatgttcatatggacgaagtccacgattacatcaaaagttctacaaaagaatgggaaacatcaagggaacatcttcatcttggtgttgttccggaggttgacggagttctaaacggaaaggctttcttttcaaagaaaaatatgagaatacttaataactctattgagaaaatgacaaaagaaaagtattgctgtcgttttatgactggggagaagaagcgttctaaacagacaatagacgagttaaagaacaatagtgcattgttagaagcaaatgaaactattgaatatgctgaggaaatagaacagcaacaaaaaatagagtggaacacaatcgaaacagaaaagaaaaatctcaaaaacaacaaaaaagatttttctgaacaagtagaaaaacagtcagcacagattagaagctataaaaaggctttaaaaggcaagaaacagcaattagacgatagagaagctcaactagacgatagagaagctgtaatagcctctaaagaagctcagatagcctctaaacagcttcaaaacaatattgctatatatcaaagctatattaaggctagagggcttacagaggattttaagagcttctatatggcttatggtgaagaaacgacaacggaacagagacaaaacagctattctctctaa
>gene_36414|Replication protein
atgaaaaaaaatcaacctattaatcaaaaaatttatattgacaacgaaaccggggaagtattacaacccttaattgataaatcttctacaggtaggataagaccatggaaagataaaaaaagtaaagacgatcaacttgctaatctgtactacagtttgtcgctccatcaaggtgactattactacaataaagctgaacgactcaacaattgtggtagtattcttacctttagtgaagaagatagcaataacaaaaaattagtatattctaacagttgtagggttaagttatgtcccatctgctcatggagaagaaccctaaaattatatgcccaaacgactgctatttttaacgagctgactaaaaataaagattatagatatatattcttaacattgacagttccaaactgtgttggtgctgacttgtcagctaccattacaaaaatgatgaaggcttttgataaattaacccatcgtaaaatatggaaagataatatattaggtcacttccgagttatggaaataacccacaacataaaccctaaatctaagagttatgatacctatcatcctcacttccatgttgtattggtggtggacaagtcatatttcagcaaatatgaagataaatacataaaccaatctcaatggcttgagttgtggagatctgtaatgcaagacaactctataacccaagttaacattaaaacgattaaatcaacagatgataactttaaccatgctttagctgaagtatcgaaatattcagttaaggacgcagattatattattccccaccaatggaaattatcacaagaaacagttaaaacattagaccaagccttacatcgtaggcgacttgttgcatttggtggaatagttaaatcaattcataaaaagctaaatctagacgatccattagatggtgatctaactcatattgacaaagattcaatagctgatgccactagtcagaacttagtcagctacttctggcatcaagggtatcaacagtattttaagattgattaa
>gene_2756|Replication protein
atgaatgccgggtggaaccgactccaggcgcgaaaagagttaaaagcggtgattggttgggtacggactaccgaggtaactcggagtgcgattggggaggcgcacccgcattttcacgttttgctgatggtcccgccttcgatgctgtctggatcgaaatacgttaagcatgcccgctgggttgagatttggcaggaatgcatgcgcgatccgacgatctcgccaagcggtgtgcacgttcaagcgattaaagatcggagctcagagaccgggacggaggtgggaggggctgcgctacaacgcgcggtttcggaaacgctgaagtacagcgttaaaccgtctgacatgacaaacgatcctgattggtttttggaattgacgcgccaatcccacaagcgccgctttgtggcaaccggtggcgttttgaaaaaggtactccgtgtcgatgaggaaactgattcggatttggttaagagaggcggcgctgaagaaggcgaagacgacggttctcggttggctttcaactggcgggaagtagagcgccgatat
>gene_53459|Rep
atgaatgccgggtggaaccgactccaggcgcgaaaagagttaaaagcggtgattggttgggtacggactaccgaggtaactcggagtgcgattggggaggcgcacccgcattttcacgttttgctgatggtcccgccttcgatgctgtctggatcgaaatacgttaagcatgcccgctgggttgagatttggcaggaatgcatgcgcgatccgacgatctcgccaagcggtgtgcacgttcaagcgattaaagatcggagctcagagaccgggacggaggtgggaggggctgcgctacaacgcgcggtttcggaaacgctgaagtacagcgttaaaccgtctgacatgacaaacgatcctgattggtttttggaattgacgcgccaatcccacaagcgccgctttgtg
>gene_13745|Mobilization protein A
atggcgatcataacgatcaaggcgtcgaaggcgactccaactaagggtattgaatacataactgatgaaggtaaggccgctctgatcgctcatcagaatctgcagcctggtaacgaagcccggcaaatgatggataccgcgaagatgtggggcaaggcccaaggggagaatgaccggaagtattaccatctgaaactggctttcgctccggaagactgggatataaatggaggtccgctgtcagaaaggcttgccctggatatcggaatgaaaatcatgaaacaggtatctcctacagcggaaggcctgggagctgttcatactgacaaatctcaccttcatttccatggaattgtaaatgccgtggatctggaatctggaaagctcctggacatgagaagagcggaatacgtaaagctgaaggatcttacccaagagatctgtgctgagtacggtctgacagcaattgactggcgacaggccaccaaggataaaaggtcaggtcaaaaggaaccggaagtaccggtggttgagacttttgctgagaagggactgaagagcagaggaaaggccagttggaaggatgaattacgcagcatcattgaccaggcagcgacaagctgcagtagcatggatgaattccgggacatcctggaaagccagggtgttactctgactcgttgcacagaaaataccatcagttacaagatgggtgaacatcgggcctgcagaggtgacaccctgggtggtgattacactgcaggagcaattagatataccattgcccacaatggttctggaatttccaaggatgatgaattgaagaagaccggccttaatgcggtgattggtggtgcatcgctgagatcaggagataaggaaaatcaagctgctgccgcaggttatgaaagaaataaatgggcgaagaaagagcttgatcggcagacataccgtgaaatgggcaggattgcaggaataaaccgaactgaggttgactacctcgttgattgccaggaatacggcgaactggacgaagaacagaagggatatctggaatacttaagacagatcaagatcgagaaagaaaaagaagaggaacaggcattcctggatagacaaaagaagagacagtattacagcaatgagagatttagggacagcaggaccggaaggcggtatgagaccagtttgtacgctccggacggccggcgcaggcacacgctggaactgatttttctgctcgcagctacagttatcacgaatgaacctatcctttggcagcaggatcttcctccagaaaaaaagaaaggtccattgtatgactctccagagaggaagcttcagaccttgttagattcaatcagttatgccagagcggagggaattcgttctccggaggaattggatcgccggatacgtgaggctggaactgccattggccgagccaagacggatgatgaaaaggatgcggccaaggcagaataccgatttctgaagcagctggggcgaaatctggaactcgcacagaatgagaagtactgttatggtcctggatatacatcggccggcaaagggactcttgatcatggcagcgaagttaatcgctga
>gene_13872|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcatatcgataaagcaaaagccggccaagtcattggtttaatattgcacgatgaacgcggatgtcaaaatcacacaaatgaaaaaattgatccagagcgttcttatctcaactacaatctatgtgaaggtaaggcattggctaattatcacaaacgcatggatgaggtttacatgcgtaaaaataaaaatgccaatactctaattttaataactaacactcttccgaaagaggttcctgaagaacgaagagaagagttcttccaacactcgcacgactattttagtttagtgtttggtgaaaagaatatcatcagtgactgggtgcatggagatgaaaccagttggcaccagcatctcaaaatcatacctgtgtactggaatgaaaaacaccaaagggaaaccgtctcctttgatgaagttgtgccaagaagtgtctacaaacactctcacaaagccctacaaaagtatctagaagagaaaatgggaataccagttccaatccttaatggagctactgcaggtggcaacaaaactatccaggaattaaaggctgaagatttaaaacaaaaaaataaggaacttaaacggcaaaatgagaatttgaaacaagagaaccaacaacttcaagaacaagtggaagagatgaaatcaacgattttagaattaaatcaggaagtagaattagtcaatgacaagctagaagatttaggagaagatatagctggcttccaggttgaattagaagagttgagagacttaaaagacactcaagaaggtgtttggttaagtaacttcctttcaagcattcaaaaacacatccaggatggctgggaacgcattttaagagacgggggtatatttatatctactagagttctagaaggtctagaaaaggcgttacagccgtttctgggcattaaagaacgcctagataatatcattaaccactataattctatcgttgatgatatcagctctatgcataggaaaatcgaacatattaaacaattcaaaaatccagaacgataa
>gene_55084|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcatatcgataaagcaaaagccggccaagtcattggtttaatattgcacgatgaacgcggatgtcaaaatcacacaaatgaaaaaattgatccagagcgttcttatctcaactacaatctatgtgaaggtaaggcattggctaattatcacaaacgcatggatgaggtttacatgcgtaaaaataaaaatgccaatactctaattttaataactaacactcttccgaaagaggttcctgaagaacgaagagaagagttcttccaacactcgcacgactattttagtttagtgtttggtgaaaagaatatcatcagtgactgggtgcatggagatgaaaccagttggcaccagcatctcaaaatcatacctgtgtactggaatgaaaaacaccaaagggaaaccgtctcctttgatgaagttgtgccaagaagtgtctacaaacactctcacaaagccctacaaaagtatctagaagagaaaatgggaataccagttccaatccttaatggagctactgcaggtggcaacaaaactatccaggaattaaaggctgaagatttaaaacaaaaaaataaggaacttaaacggcaaaatgagaatttgaaacaagagaaccaacaacttcaagaacaagtggaagagatgaaatcaacgattttagaattaaatcaggaagtagaattagtcaatgacaagctagaagatttaggagaagatatagctggcttccaggttgaattagaagagttgagagacttaaaagacactcaagaaggtgtttggttaagtaacttcctttcaagcattcaaaaacacatccaggatggctgggaacgcattttaagagacgggggtatatttatatctactagagttctagaaggtctagaaaaggcgttacagccgtttctgggcattaaagaacgcctagataatatcattaaccactataattctatcgttgatgatatcagctctatgcataggaaaatcgaacatattaaacaattcaaaaatccagaacgataa
>gene_27948|Plasmid replication protein
atgccgaagagctttaaaacggtggaaatattgcaagatagcgcccacggttggacgcgtgagatttgtataaaggttctggacgggtggtcggtagtcaaagactatgcgtggatagtgcatgacaaggacgagaagccagacggcacgctaaagcgcgaacatctgcactgcatgataagatttaatgatagtgtccctacggatagtatactcgctcgcgtaagagctataacagggcgtgacgatgtaataaagtacgagcatttggggaagtgccacaagtggaagagcgcggttgcatacctcacccatgaaaacgtgctagggaaatatgtatatccacgcgaagatgtggtctcgaattatgaatttgaaacggacatagaggacgcgctttccgataagatacgcttaaacaatttgttggagggtattggaaatgggacgataaaggactataatgtgtttatgcactgcacggttcaagaatatgcccaatggaaaagcaaaatagatagcgccttttcgtatcgtgcaaaaattttgatgagtagaggtgatagagatatgaaatgcgtatacattcaaggggatagcggaacgggaaaaacaagctatgcaaaagaattttgtgagagcaaggaatatagctattttgtatcatctggcagtaatgacgtattagacggatatggcggtcaagatgctatcattctggacgatttgcgcccgtcagctttgtcgcttgcggatttgcttaagatgttggataacaatacctcttccagtgttaagagccgatacagaaacaaggtattagagtgtagacttatcgtgattaccactacgctcgatattaacgactttttcaaacaagtatttacagaacaaccggagactgctaaacagctccggagacggtgtgaaacgcttatcaagatggaaaaggatagtatgcgtatcggtgtctatatcaaagaatcggatagctactcctttatgccgaaaatgcctaacccgatcgcg
>gene_7973|Replication protein
atgacacccaaaatacaagaccctattgcacaaatcaaaccgaaaaaattagacaacctacgcatgtacgaactgacgaagaatcatctttccgaaaaaatgcaggaactgtacagggagtgtggcacgttcaacctgtatatttccacggctgacaaggagaagaagaagatggtcggtggcaatcactgcaagaatcgcttctgcccgatctgcgcttggcgaaaggcgaggaaagatgcgatggcgctttccgtggtgatggaagcgatgcacacggaacacgatgtgaagtatctcttcctcacattgaccaccccgaacgttcgggcggacgaggtgaagtcggaaatcgcaatgatgaacaaggcgttccacaaattgttcatgcggagtaaagtcaaaagagcgattgaaggatatgcccggaagctggagatgacctacgacagcaatccgttaatcacgacaccattgttcgagaggaagcagtcgtactacgaacgacgggggctgaaagtcggggacgagaacccgacttacgatacatacaatccccatttccatgtcgtgttggcggtcaaaaagtcgtatttcacttctcggaactacatcaagcgtgacgagtggttggagatgtggcgtgaagcgacaggtgacaacacgatcacccaagtccatatcgaacggattaaggagaaacagaccggcaatgcggtagctgaaatctcgaagtacgcagccaagagtaacgagatgggcgtgagtgccgaagtgttcgatattttctacaaagccttgaagggcaagcaggtcattgcgttcagtgggctgttcaaggaatacatgaagctgttcaaagaaggggtattgaagaaatacatgatggaagacgccaacgagtatttctacaaaatcatggcgaactggaaagccgaccagtccgatttcgttctcgagttcatcgagctgacggaagaagagaagcggagatacaacaagcaagtgattgacgaagcagagattgactaa
>gene_32607|DNA replication protein
atgtcaaatttcaaggtaattcctcaacaatccgaaagtagtctcatacaaaaggcaaatccgttgcaatcgttgtctgaaacgaaaatgacgctgtctgagtttaagatactcgatgcctatctttcacgaatcgacagtcataagcccgatgaacgctatgtctgtttcgagaaaggcgagttagaaacgttacttggtgttgataagattaacaaacccgacctcgaaaagcggattgataatctttttcaggttgtaactatccgtgattcaagcaaacctaacggatttacgaagataggcttatttgccagagccgactgtaatcaagacgagaacgggcaatggcaagttaatctcgcatgttctcctgaagctatggagtatgtattcaacatcgaaaacataggttatctcaagtatcggctcaagaacgttatagaccttacctcaaggtacagttacgtgctttatttataccttgaaaacaatagatacaggaagtcttgggaaattactcttggtgaattgaaagccttactccgttgtaccgctgatacttatacagagtataagcgtttcaatgatttagttctcaagaaatgttatagggagttgaatgagaagacaaacatcaagtacagctataagcccataagaagcggtcgtagtgtaactcgtgttgaattcacagttgaagaatttccaggcatatatgagccggagtcaaaagaagttactgggcaattagatgtttacggtaaaaccgacttaatcgagctttggggcgaagcctgtaacaacgagttcacgagatccgaaatggcgcaactcgctgaagtcctcaggttaataccatcggacaagttttctccttacgctgtcaccggtgacattgacttgcaacgctatcattatcttgccgaaaagtatgccgctatgaatcgaatgaacgaaaagaagactatcaagaatcgcttttcatatatgcttgcgattcttaaaaagggcgctgagataaaatcataa
>gene_36603|replication protein
atgacgctgtctgagtttaagatactcgatgcctatctttcacgaatcgacagtcataagcccgatgaacgctatgtctgtttcgagaaaggcgagttagaaacgttacttggtgttgataagattaacaaacccgacctcgaaaagcggattgataatctttttcaggttgtaactatccgtgattcaagcaaacctaacggatttacgaagataggcttatttgccagagccgactgtaatcaagacgagaacgggcaatggcaagttaatctcgcatgttctcctgaagctatggagtatgtattcaacatcgaaaacataggttatctcaagtatcggctcaagaacgttatagaccttacctcaaggtacagttacgtgctttatttataccttgaaaacaatagatacaggaagtcttgggaaattactcttggtgaattgaaagccttactccgttgtaccgctgatacttatacagagtataagcgtttcaatgatttagttctcaagaaatgttatagggagttgaatgagaagacaaacatcaagtacagctataagcccataagaagcggtcgtagtgtaactcgtgttgaattcacagttgaagaatttccaggcatatatgagccggagtcaaaagaagttactgggcaattagatgtttacggtaaaaccgacttaatcgagctttggggcgaagcctgtaacaacgagttcacgagatccgaaatggcgcaactcgctgaagtcctcaggttaataccatcggacaagttttctccttacgctgtcaccggtgacattgacttgcaacgctatcattatcttgccgaaaagtatgccgctatgaatcgaatgaacgaaaagaagactatcaagaatcgcttttcatatatgcttgcgattcttaaaaagggcgctgagataaaatcataa
>gene_29656|Plasmid recombination protein
atgcgacacgataaagtgaaaaaacaaggcatcaatggaaatgaaaagcacgtcctgatgacaaaagaaaaagcaatggaacttgcaaaagatggagatatggagattatccccaccaacataaagtacaactatggcacaggtatttcaaactggaaagaaaagataaacgaagttctacaagaaaatggtatcacttctgtaagaaaagatgctgttttgcttgtagaaggagtttactcctttagcccagagaaaacgaagtttttacattgtaggctacataaagaccaaaaggacgatgacgagttgacactacgtaataaaaaagcttggcgagatgcccacgctgattggtggaacgagtatgtagctgcatctcctgaagaaagaaacgccaaaatcaaagaagaaaatgaatttgtaaaagactacgcccgggacgtgcttgcttttgaaaacaaacactatggaacctgtattgcttgtgaagtgcattaccacgagacaagtatacatatccatacggccaccattcctttggtacctgataaggaaaatggaaagatgcgtctttctggtaaagaagtaatgggtaacaaggcgaagatgtccaaaatgcagacattggtttttgaagaagttggaaagaagtatggtttggagcgtggggaaattaagaatccgggggaacaaaaaaaacatacaaccaaagctgaaaagaagatgttggatgcacaagaaaaagcatcacaagcagaaaataccgttgtaaagttggaaactcgtataaagcaattagagggcattttaaagcacattctaaagcttactaaggggattatggtaggagacaaaacagaagaaaccatagccctagagaacgctataagggcgtatggcgatgaaaaaggaatggatggggaaaagttgcttatggaaattaaaaacgcttataaagggcaactacgcaatgcaattaaagaagtaggcgatatagaactcgaaaacgataatttagatttgtggtag
>gene_57314|Plasmid recombination protein
atgcgacacgataaagtgaaaaaacaaggcatcaatggaaatgaaaagcacgtcctgatgacaaaagaaaaagcaatggaacttgcaaaagatggagatatggagattatccccaccaacataaagtacaactatggcacaggtatttcaaactggaaagaaaagataaacgaagttctacaagaaaatggtatcacttctgtaagaaaagatgctgttttgcttgtagaaggagtttactcctttagcccagagaaaacgaagtttttacattgtaggctacataaagaccaaaaggacgatgacgagttgacactacgtaataaaaaagcttggcgagatgcccacgctgattggtggaacgagtatgtagctgcatctcctgaagaaagaaacgccaaaatcaaagaagaaaatgaatttgtaaaagactacgcccgggacgtgcttgcttttgaaaacaaacactatggaacctgtattgcttgtgaagtgcattaccacgagacaagtatacatatccatacggccaccattcctttggtacctgataaggaaaatggaaagatgcgtctttctggtaaagaagtaatgggtaacaaggcgaagatgtccaaaatgcagacattggtttttgaagaagttggaaagaagtatggtttggagcgtggggaaattaagaatccgggggaacaaaaaaaacatacaaccaaagctgaaaagaagatgttggatgcacaagaaaaagcatcacaagcagaaaataccgttgtaaagttggaaactcgtataaagcaattagagggcattttaaagcacattctaaagcttactaaggggattatggtaggagacaaaacagaagaaaccatagccctagagaacgctataagggcgtatggcgatgaaaaaggaatggatggggaaaagttgcttatggaaattaaaaacgcttataaagggcaactacgcaatgcaattaaagaagtaggcgatatagaactcgaaaacgataatttagatttgtggtag
>gene_15206|Putative replication initiator protein
atggcaaagaagatagttgagcctattattggcaccggaaaggaccccgagaaccagcttgttgtacagaagtccatacctctgttctctctctggcagtccgacatgagcctggcagaattcaaaattttggatacatatttgagccgaatcaatagtcgcgtcccggataaacgaaccgttgtctttactaaaggcgaactggagcaactgctcggtgttaaaaaaatcaacaaaccacaattggctgcccgattaaaaagtttagggcgctttgtggatatagaagacggaaattctcataaagtgcaccaggtcgcactgtttgaagaagcatatggtgagttggatgataacggacagtggacggtcaagctgacctgtacacaaaaagctatgaaatatgtcttcaatatcgaaaagataggatacttgcgttataggctgcacagtattatcagcttgaaaagcaggtacgcctatatcctttttctttttttggagcataaccgttaccgtaaatcgtgggaagttgatgttgacacacttcggcaacaactgaactgcacagaaaaattatatgacgaatttaagtactttaatcagcgagttttacagcgctcccaaacggaaattcataaaaaaacagattgccgattcgattatgagcctatcaagaaaggcaaatgtgtatcgaaaattcgatttactgtacacacgttaaccgaagcgctgctgatggattccgacgaggataaagaccaaatatcgatatttgaatacagtaaggacgcggaagatccgaacgcgatatacgcggaagttcttcccgacggacttactgcagaagaggttgaaagcttacgagcagaagccgcgcagcacgttccttacgacccgtttgatgtgctgccgttttcagtacgtgttgcaaactacttagcactcaaagtcaagataatgaatgcaactaacccgaaagtaaaaaattcgtacaggtatcttcttacgatgattgctaacgatgaataa
>gene_5746|Mobilization protein
atgcacgtggcgaattacacgcgggctgcgttcgggaagctgctcgaccattacgaccgacaggaaggtgatggagtcgagcggtctaacccgaacatcgacccgtcccgcactcgtgagaactacacgatcggcgggactggtcgggcggacgtgcggcgagccgtgcgttccgccatccagtcgcacaacgaggtgcaggcggcacgcggcaagcgtgccctgcgctcgaacgcgactgtcatgtcggacatcgtcgtgacgctgcccaggaattgcagggaggaggacgcggagacgttcttccgattcgcgtatgcgttcctggtcgaccgttacgggaaggagcgcgtcgggtgtgcgtttgtccacatggacgagtcgcagccacacatgcacgtcccgctggtgcccgtcatggaagacggaacgctgaacaagtcgaaggtcatcacgcgcaacgacctgaagacgctccacggtgacatgcaggcttacatggacacggtggcaccctatcacgtgagcatcctgctggacgaagacgagcgggttcagaaagcgctcagcaaagtgccgcagaaggacttggaagcggtcaaggcgtacttcaaggagcaggtgcataccttcctctccgaggaacgctcggaaatcgacgctaaggcggctgagaacgccttggaagcccgcaggcttggaaagtgggctaccgacctggaaacccgagagaccgccctcagggacgctcagaccgctctggatagaagggaacgctcggtgatagccggggagaaacaggtggagggtgaccggatggagctcgacgcgcaggtcgccggcgtcaacgcagcgttggaacagctgcaggaaaacctggacgctgccatcgaacgtaacgtgagacgcaactacgcgttcatcaaagagcaggagaaacagcaggtggaacacacgattagcgagattgtcaacggtgcgtcggaagcagcacgccccgtcttcgacacgctgaaaatcaccttgtga
>gene_33119|Rep
atggctagaaaaaaaatagcaccaatcactagcttaggtaatgaagataaacttacagttcaaaaaagcctaccacttttttcattgtggcaatcagatttaacccttgccgaatttaaaatactagatacatacctatcacgaatagatagtcacaaaccagaaaaacgtgcagttatctttgataaaggagaacttgaaaaaatacttggagtaaagaaaatcaataatcaagaccttgtaacaagacttaaacaccttatgggaaatgtgatacaaatacctgatgtaactatgaaaaaaggtattaaatttgtaactctatttgaagaagcagtagcagaacaagatgattatggtatatggcaaattaaactttcatgcacgcaaaaagcaatgaaatattttttcaacatcgaaaatctaggttatcttcgatataaacttcgctgcataacatcccttacaagtagatatacatatatcatgtttatatatcttgaagctaatagataccggaaaaattggaatgtatcacttgcagaaattaaacaaattcttgattgtgacaaagtcgaaacttactcagcatttaaggaatttaataagcaagttttgaagaaggttcaaactgagctttttaataaaactgaatgtagatatacttacgaaccggttaaaaaaggacgctctgtggtatcaattaattttacagttgaaactttatcagataatattgctctaaaaaagtctgaagaaacaactcacacggaaattaactataatagcgaactatcagaactactaagcgagtcttgtaataacgaatttcgtgattctgaaattagggtaatacaagacttggtgttacaagctacacaatcgaatgaccatgtgtatatgagtgattatctgtctaataaaatacatgtaatgaatttgtatgactccaagaaaaaaattaataacagatttatgtacctgtgttcaatgattaaaaaagacattaaggtaggaaatggcaactaa
>gene_30577|Mob protein
atggcacacttcgctaagttcacaaaaggatctgtaggcggtcttacgaagcattatgagagggcgaaagacgaagaagggcgctactacagattcaagaatcaggacatcgatcaggatcgtacaccgcttaactataaccttgccagtcataacgaaaagcagttggatttcatcaatcggagattggatgaggtctactgcctgaatcgtggtgacgtaaaggttatggggtcatgggtagtaacggtgcctcagacggttccaggggagcaccagagggagttctttgagaggacgtataacttccttgcagagaggtatggagaaaagaatgtcatcagtgcctacgtccacatggatgagacgacaccacacatacactttgcattcatcccggtagtctatgaccagaagaagaagcgtgagaaggtatcggcaaaggaagtcacaaacaaggctgatatgcagtccttccacaaggatttgcaggacgagatgaatcgctttgtggaagagcatggatatgagttcgaatgcgacattctgaatggtgctacagagaatggcaatctgacggtgcagggtctgaaagccagagatctggagatgcaaaacgagatcgagatggaagtcctgcaggatatagtcgatgaggctaataagactgcagcgtcactgcaggagacccagattgaggttcagagcctttcagaacagcgagaacggatcgcaggggatctggcatcccttgaaggctataaaagcgctctagagggtgaaatagaggctctgaagagggaaattagtcagctggatcagaatgaacaattactgcagaaaacgtttgtagatctaccagaggttaagccgacctatgatgcatggagacaaagacatttggcaaagcagagatctcatcgtcaaggcatgggtgcatggaaagatactgtcagatcaaccatggatagatcttggcgattcaatccaaagaaacaggatagatctaatgagcgagaggagaggtag
>gene_53386|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgagtattatatcaaatcagacggtgaatgtcaagacgtttgagtcggcagttgaaaagcacttccagaaagtctacgccgccaaatgggaaagcaagaaaaaagaggcaaagaagatagcggagcgtatgacggcaatcggagagagggcacgcgcagcaaggatgatcgagtgtggaaccgtggttaaaatggaggtctgccagaactgcggcacaagtcacttgcagtacgcaaacctttgccgtgatcggttctgccccgtctgtaagtggaggttaagcatgaaacgctttgcaacaatgatcaatatagttgaggcgttgcgccgaggctatcccgagtcatcatggcagtttgtgacgctgaccgtccagaactgcaaaccgcacgagctgcgaggagtaatggacgaaatgtcccgcgcatggaacgtcttagttaccggcagagaattcaaacgctacatagcagggttcgcacgatcaacagaggttacgtacaacgccgagaaaggcacggttcatcctcactatcacgtgttactgatgtacaacgaatgcatggaagtcaagttcccgttggtttataagtggttgtcaacggtgcgccggtatgcatcaatcaaggcgcagaatacacaggacattgaatgggaagtggtggcggaagatgaacgcgagatcgggtggcaggtagaccaaaaccccgatgacgacaaggcaatcgaggcaattcttgaaacattcaagtattcgacaaaagacaaggacatggaggagatgccgctcggaacgttccgcgagatcgtgaacagcttgcagggacggcggcttgtatcgttcgggggcaaggtgaaagagtatgcggcgctgctcgaggcgggtgatctcaacaaccttggaaaaggcgaagaaaaagaggccgagacagaaatcggcgtatgtgtgcattgtcgctcgcgtgatctgatcgaagtggtaggaagatggagcggcaacgcgtacgagtggaggagggaaagctga
>gene_29031|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgagtattatatcaaatcagacggtgaatgtcaagacgtttgagtcggcagttgaaaagcacttccagaaagtctacgccgccaaatgggaaagcaagaaaaaagaggcaaagaagatagcggagcgtatgacggcaatcggagagagggcacgcgcagcaaggatgatcgagtgtggaaccgtggttaaaatggaggtctgccagaactgcggcacaagtcacttgcagtacgcaaacctttgccgtgatcggttctgccccgtctgtaagtggaggttaagcatgaaacgctttgcaacaatgatcaatatagttgaggcgttgcgccgaggctatcccgagtcatcatggcagtttgtgacgctgaccgtccagaactgcaaaccgcacgagctgcgaggagtaatggacgaaatgtcccgcgcatggaacgtcttagttaccggcagagaattcaaacgctacatagcagggttcgcacgatcaacagaggttacgtacaacgccgagaaaggcacggttcatcctcactatcacgtgttactgatgtacaacgaatgcatggaagtcaagttcccgttggtttataagtggttgtcaacggtgcgccggtatgcatcaatcaaggcgcagaatacacaggacattgaatgggaagtggtggcggaagatgaacgcgagatcgggtggcaggtagaccaaaaccccgatgacgacaaggcaatcgaggcaattcttgaaacattcaagtattcgacaaaagacaaggacatggaggagatgccgctcggaacgttccgcgagatcgtgaacagcttgcagggacggcggcttgtatcgttcgggggcaaggtgaaagagtatgcggcgctgctcgaggcgggtgatctcaacaaccttggaaaaggcgaagaaaaagaggccgagacagaaatcggcgtatgtgtgcattgtcgctcgcgtgatctgatcgaagtggtaggaagatggagcggcaacgcgtacgagtggaggagggaaagctga
>gene_42320|recombinase
atggtcggaatagtaaacattgcgggttattgccgcatatcggtggatgacgagcaggaccgcgacaatgtgtccatcgaaaatcagaaagccatccttgcggattacgtgaagacgcgctttcccggcagcacgctcaccttttttgaagaccgcgaccgctccggctacaccttcgagcagcgggaaggctaccgggaaatgcgcatgggtcttatgagccacaaatacgatatcctcatcgtcaaggacttctcccgtttctctcgccggaacagccggggacttgtggagctggaggatctgcgcgacgcgggtgtccgcatcatctccatcggcgatgcgatcgactttcccaatgacgacgactggctgaagattcagtttcagttcctcatcaacgaaatgcctgtcacggacacatcgaaaaaagtgcgcaatgtcatcaagcgccgtcaggccgacggtcagtggctctgcgccgcgccctatggatatatcctgaacaaacaccacgaatttgaaattttacccactgaggccgagattgtacgaaaaatttttgaactctacaacaatgaaggatggggttacaagcggatcgccaaccacctgactgacgcgggcattccgactccgcgtatgagcgaacagatgcggcgtgaagcggagggtgagaaaagccgccgcaccgcaaaggcggcgtgggcgattgtcacggtacaggggattttggacaacgatttttatatcggcacgctgcggcagggcaaatacacccgcgtcaggatcaacggtaaagacataaagcgggacaaggatgagcagatcgtcatcgagaaccatcatcagcccatcatcgactaccgcacctttgccgccacccgcgccctgcgcaaaagccgaagcacttcccactaccggggcgtgaagaagaacgacaacgtgtactctgggtttctcttctgcggtgactgcggcagtcccatgtgtggtatgtggagaacgtgtcatttgctgtcgatataa
>gene_29611|Putative replication protein
atgcaggacgttatggaagtcagcccgtatattcagaagcagcgggcgttgtatcttgaaaaaaatgcttggttggatgctcattatgagcggatcgaacctcatgcgttctatcgggagatctttcctgtaggttctttcgagcgtaaggggcattatgaggacgagaaaggcaatggagtaggtatatctgtccatgaggctccggagggcgctgacggggctgaaaacggctcagaacggcgcggaaatggcattggtatgaatgtcaagtcagaaggtaaagtccatcgttatgtgatcaacgatgggcacgagaagctggatgagttgatcgggcaagagtttgcgattatgtctcctgtgtcctacttcggaaaatcaagagccggtaaatatgcccggtacttatatgcgattacgttcgatctggatggcgtggatatgccgcagctcagagatactttccatcagatgaaccgtggttttataccggcagcaacctttgttgtaaacagcgggacgggacttcacttgtattatgttcttgagactccggtggcgatgtatccgcagaatcagaagtttttgaaagaactgaagtatgttctgacacgtagaatctggaaccgttttacttccaagatcgaggaaccgcaggttcagggtgttctgcaggggttccgcgtggttggcagcgggacaaagctgggtcttgattatcctgttgtggcgtatcggtacggtgattcggtgtctattgagtatttgcttcagtatgtaccggacacgaatggcgacctgcagcgtgtgaccgggattttggagaaaggaacgctgtccattgatgaagctaaaaagaagtatccggattggtatgaacggcgtgtggttcgcggcgaacggcgcggtcggtggacggtgaagcgggatctgtacgattggtggctgcggaagatagaaacggagatccacgtcggtcaccggttctatggcattatgacgttggcaatttatgctgtgaagtgcagtattgatgaagacgagctgcggcgtgatgcggatcgtcttatgaaaatttttgacgatatgagttatgaggattccaaccggtttacgatagaagatgttgtcaaggctcttgagatgtacaatgagaatttcgtgacgttcccgcgggctgatattgccaagtattccgggattccgattcctcctaacaaacggaattggagaaaacaggatgagcatttacaatggtgtcgaatcattcaaaaagcgaatgatgaagtggacggtactgattggcggagtggtaatggtagaccatccaaagaacagactattcgtgattatatgattgcccatccggaagttaggaagaaaacggaaattgcagaggcattaaaaataaacagacatacggtcggcaaatattatgatatgatacgtgctgagattgatcaacaaagacgcgaggaagaaccgcaacgcagagttgtggtggaaaatggtagacttcgagttaaagtcgttccatcacctgaattattagaaaaaggtatcaaggcgtttgagattgattttgagggatgtgaagaataa
>gene_57037|Putative replication protein
ttggatgctcattatgagcggatcgaacctcatgcgttctatcgggagatctttcctgtaggttctttcgagcgtaaggggcattatgaggacgagaaaggcaatggagtaggtatatctgtccatgaggctccggagggcgctgacggggctgaaaacggctcagaacggcgcggaaatggcattggtatgaatgtcaagtcagaaggtaaagtccatcgttatgtgatcaacgatgggcacgagaagctggatgagttgatcgggcaagagtttgcgattatgtctcctgtgtcctacttcggaaaatcaagagccggtaaatatgcccggtacttatatgcgattacgttcgatctggatggcgtggatatgccgcagctcagagatactttccatcagatgaaccgtggttttataccggcagcaacctttgttgtaaacagcgggacgggacttcacttgtattatgttcttgagactccggtggcgatgtatccgcagaatcagaagtttttgaaagaactgaagtatgttctgacacgtagaatctggaaccgttttacttccaagatcgaggaaccgcaggttcagggtgttctgcaggggttccgcgtggttggcagcgggacaaagctgggtcttgattatcctgttgtggcgtatcggtacggtgattcggtgtctattgagtatttgcttcagtatgtaccggacacgaatggcgacctgcagcgtgtgaccgggattttggagaaaggaacgctgtccattgatgaagctaaaaagaagtatccggattggtatgaacggcgtgtggttcgcggcgaacggcgcggtcggtggacggtgaagcgggatctgtacgattggtggctgcggaagatagaaacggagatccacgtcggtcaccggttctatggcattatgacgttggcaatttatgctgtgaagtgcagtattgatgaagacgagctgcggcgtgatgcggatcgtcttatgaaaatttttgacgatatgagttatgaggattccaaccggtttacgatagaagatgttgtcaaggctcttgagatgtacaatgagaatttcgtgacgttcccgcgggctgatattgccaagtattccgggattccgattcctcctaacaaacggaattggagaaaacaggatgagcatttacaatggtgtcgaatcattcaaaaagcgaatgatgaagtggacggtactgattggcggagtggtaatggtagaccatccaaagaacagactattcgtgattatatgattgcccatccggaagttaggaagaaaacggaaattgcagaggcattaaaaataaacagacatacggtcggcaaatattatgatatgatacgtgctgagattgatcaacaaagacgcgaggaagaaccgcaacgcagagttgtggtggaaaatggtagacttcgagttaaagtcgttccatcacctgaattattagaaaaaggtatcaaggcgtttgagattgattttgagggatgtgaagaataa
>gene_19901|protein rep, partial
gtggacaaaagtagtaaagatttactatttcgcaaaaatttaatgaagatttttgcgagaaaaataaatttggcgttaattaatgcctccccgcagtcagaaatggtgcgggcgtattggcatagttaccactgcatagatgatgctaccgttatagatggaaaattccaaacacatcactactgcaataatagatggtgccccgtttgcggtcgaataagaacggcaaagataattaatgggtacggctcgcaacttgccaacatcaaagatttatcaatgttgacgttaacaattccgaatatgtctgcatttgaattgccaatagcaataaaaactatgacagcgggatttcgttcaattatacacaattacaaacgccgtcataaagaaaattctatggacggagtgcgcaaaatagaggtaacatacaacgaggaaacaaaaacctaccacccacattttcacatcttgacaagcgcggaaagcgcacaatatatccgcgataaatggctgcaagttttccccgatgccgtgcgatgggcgcaagatattaaagcagccgacaaaaacagcataaaagaaatcgccaaatatttctccaaaatattctccaaggacaaagaaacgggcaaaataaagatgatgccgccacaggcgttaaatgaaattaatatcgcgttaaaaggtgttcggacgtttcaaccgtttggaaaaataaagatggttaaagacgatgtaaatgagatggaactgcaagatggtattgaaacagattgcagcgatggcgaatatgaatttatgaccgatgtattaacgtgggtatctacccaaacgggggagatggtatgcgataatatttatgaaactacccgaaataaggcggcggaagatttggcgatggcgttacagaataccaccgacacccccgaaacagaattttataacaccgatgccgctatcagtgccataaaaaaacgaaaaacgccgtccccgtttaagaggaagcgtttttcgttggcgtgttag
>gene_15472|Replication protein
gtgccatataaatattctaatttagataatgagttaaaaaataaatttggttttaaaaaagaatattctttgagtttggctcaatcttatgaccgtttaggatacgaaaaaaaggctaagagggttggcgactgtggctcttttctagagttcggtttgtatgatgatgatagtgttcatttgcatactgcaaatttttgtaaagaccctctatgtcctatgtgtgcttggagaaaatctttaaagatttataatcaggtttattcttgtgtaaatgctttaaaagatagctataagtttatttttattactttgacttgtaagaattgtaaagcgtcagaattatctgaaacgcttgatttgttgtacaagtcttatactaatttgatgcgtagaaaaagattgcaatttgtgcagggagcatttagagcagttgaaataacatataacaagactactgatgagtttaaccctcatttacatactatttgggttgttcctaataactattttgaaagtgctgattatttgccaacaagtgaattggttaagctatggcaaaagtctttaaaggtcgaatatactcctatttgttttattgaaaaaattaagagtaataaaaaaggtaaagacccaatagcttcagcagttgcagaagttgctaaatatcctttgaaatgtactgattttctatgctttgataatgatactaatgattatcttgtagatactctttctactgctctatctggtcgccatatgtttgaattttatggtgttctagctgaaattagaaaaaaacttaattttgatgatattgaaaatagcgatttaattaatatcaatgaagataaggttaatacagctattttaattgcttgtttgcgttttatttggtcatctgatagcaagtcttatgttatggttgatgttgttgaaccttgcaaagatgagcttttacaaggcttaaagtctgcgggaaattggctagcgtgttcggatgggcggacggggggttcccttttttaa
>gene_3524|Rep protein
ttgaagataactactggtattgaatataattgtaagattgagatatgtaaggaaagtaaaatagtaactttgactaagtatgagaaaaagataagttctgatttagttaaaaactttggtactcgtaagtctgagactagtgagttgcagtatcaagaaaataagaagaaaaatttaaggaaatctgcaaaaagaataatgactcttgttaagcataatgctggtatgtactttaaatcgaatgggaagaagtatcctccaatttttttaactcttacttttaaggataatgttcaagattgggagtttgctaatactgagcatatgaaatttataaaaaggttgaattataaagtgtatggggaaaagtgctctaagcttgcatatatatctgttccagagttgcaagagaggggggctgttcattatcatattttgttttttaatttgccttatgtagataagtcagaaattatggctctttgggggcatggttctacaaggattgaagtggaggattcgaaaggtaaatcttttgataaattagatggtgagagtcttggtaagtacataactaagtatatgactaagcagttttatagtaaggataagaagggcgagtataagttttactatgataaggctacctgggaaggtaaaaaagtttattttgctagtaagaatttaattaagcctgtatcttttaaaataactacttccgaattgagtgatataaattttgtccttgagggtgttccatttgtttcgaaactaaatacatatagcgttgagaatgaggaatatttgttttctactgaagaagaatatgttttgagtgatgaaaaaattaattatttgttgggtgtgttgccttatatgaatgatggaattattaagactgatttctcgatcggtaagaagaatgtggggagatctgttttggatactggtaaagtttataatgggttgccttatgaaaaaattgatttttcgttcggttcttttgttccagtagaaggtgagttttaa
>gene_8053|Replication protein
atggacgataatttcaaggttttcagtgattatgagtgtgaaggacagatgagtatttttgacctttacgaacaagaaaaaaatatgccgatgatcgcaacttcaaaagttttttctcgtgcagtaaagcagatgaacctgacagagtggaaaacgttcatttttgctttatctcacgttaagtggaaagaaaaaatggatcccgcagtttacctcgacaaaacagaattgtgcgatcttcttggttacaagtgtgataaatcggatcagtcgcaagtcttaaagcgtgcactttcagaaatgaaagcacattccggagttttctttcagtcggaagataaacagatttgggaaagcggatcctttataagacgtgtaacgtgcttaaaaaacaacgttaaattgctgtttgacgactattatctgcccttgtttagtgacctgcagacaaactatatcacgctatgggcagatgatatgtacaaggcaaaaagcgaaagaacgatcctcatgtatgagtttttccgcactcacggagatacccgggcaaccattgaccgccctaatgaagtgactttaagcacgaaagatctgaaagtgatgttcaacattccgaaagagggatccggatcctatatgcagcacgacaagaaaaaggataaagatttctttaaccgggcaaagtttgaacaacgtgttcttttgccttttatagatgatttcaaagaaatgactatgatccagcttttggaatttgaaaaaggatcctacttcgaaaagatcaagtatcacggctatgttgtaggctataagttccgttttcttataactgacagacccgggatcggatccgctaccgaaatggcaaaagttcaaaaagcagtcgaaaaggatccccggatcctcaagaccgccaaaaatattattgacggagttgaaaaaccggggaaaaagaacgattttcacaactttaatgaacgtaaatacgactttgaaaagttaaaagaagaggccggtattaacggttaa
>gene_58110|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgctccgaccggccaatttggacaccaaaagggaggggcgagacgtggcggcatttgcgatcatgcgctgcaagaagctggcgaaaatgggcaacgtggcggccagtctcaagcacgcctaccgtgagcgtgagacgcccaacgctgacgccagcaggacgccagacaacgatcattgggcggccaaaagcaccgacgaggcgatgggcaggttgcgcgagttgctgccagagaagcgccgcaaggacgctgtgctggccgtcgagtacgtcatgacggcatcgcccgactggtggaagtcggccagccaggaacagcaggcggcgttcttcgaccaggcgcacaagtggctggccaacaagtacggcgccgatcgcatcatcacggccagcatccaccgcgacgagaccagcccgcacatgaccgcgttcgtggtgccgctgacgcaggacggcaggctgtcagccaaggagttcatcggcaacaaggcgcagatgacacgcgaccagaccacgtttgcggcctctgtagcggatctggggctgcaacggggcatcgagggcagcaaggcacgccacacgcgcattcaggcgttctacgaggctctggagcggccaccagtcggtcacgcgaccatcgaagcatcggcggttcagcccaaggtgctgcgcaaggggtttttcacgaaggacgtggagacgccggaagctgtggccgagcgtctgactaaggccgtgcgcaaagggtatgacccggcattgattgcggccgcaggagcgcgagaaatggcccagaaggccaaacaagcgcaggagacggcccgagacctacgcgaccgcctaaaacccgttctggaggctctagggccgctcaaccgcgatatgcaggccaaggccgcccagatcatcaaggccgtgggcgacaagctgctgaccgagcagcgcgaaacccagcgccagaagctggccgaacgccagcggaatcgacccagcagggggcatgatcggggcggctacagccgatag
>gene_54671|protein rep
atgtccgtcaacataaatgcccctaactcacttataattatagcagaaaccgcggaaaaagtcaacagttttgccccaaaaaatagtgataaatggattgaaaaaaagctaaattcgggcaaaatcgcaggcaaattactcggtttaggctatgaaaagagggctgaaagaatgagtaattgtggtaattttttagagtacgaattttgtcttggttgtaacagttggcacataaaaaaagcgaatttatgcagagaccgtttctgcccggtatgcggttggcggttatctttacagcgttacggaaatatgtgcaagatttttgaaaagctcatgcaagacgatgcaagcgtagaaaatatccataattggtcacttattacgcttaccgtcaaaaattgcgaaggcgaggacataaaagaaacgatgtcgcttatgtcgaaagcatggaatcttactttgcagcaaagaagcataaaaccgcatttagaaggttgggcaaggtcaactgaaattacatataaccatgaaaaaaagacatttcacccacattaccacgtcttgatatgttggaaacacaacgtttctgatatgatgattaaaaaatggttgttcgcttgcaaaaagtacggtcttacagctgatataaaagcgcaagatgcatcacaaatcaattattttgaatcatcagacggcaatgaaataagatacgccgaaatccccgaagatttcaccaaagcagttttagaaacctttaagtattctgtaaaatcaaaagatatggtcgatatgcctttaggtgagtttagaaacttagtggagcaatacggcggcaaacgattaaccgcctttggtggaataattaaaaaaatcgcaagcgaattaaaagttgataatgaagaagttcaagacgatgaaagcaacttgcaaatttgtcgaaattgtggtagtattgatatacaaaagcttatatataaatggtcttatggtgagagggcatataaattatggataaatcaacagtaa
>gene_29650|Rep
atgtccgtcaacataaatgcccctaactcacttataattatagcagaaaccgcggaaaaagtcaacagttttgccccaaaaaatagtgataaatggattgaaaaaaagctaaattcgggcaaaatcgcaggtaaattactcggtttaggctatgaaaagagggctgaaagaatgagtaattgtggtaattttttagagtacgaattttgtcctggttgtaacagttggcacataaaaaaagcgaatttatgcagagaccgtttctgcccggtatgcggttggcggttatctttacagcgttacggaaatatgtgcaagatttttgaaaagctcatgcaagacgatgcaagcgtagaaaatatccataattggtcacttattacgcttaccgtcaaaaattgcaaaggcgaggacataaaagaaacgatgtcgcttatgtcgaaagcatggaatcttactttgcagcaaagaagcataaaaccgcatttagaaggttgggcaaggtcaactgaaattacatataaccatgaaaaaaagacatttcacccacattaccacgtcttgatatgttggaaacacaacgtttctgatatgatgattaaaaaatggttgttcgcttgcaaaaagtacggtcttacagctgatataaaagcgcaagatgcatcacaaatcaattattttgaatcatcagacggcaatgaaataagatacgccgaaatccccgaagatttcaccaaagcagttttagaaacctttaagtattctgtaaaatcaaaagatatggtcgatatgcctttaggtgagtttagaaacttagtggagcaatacggcggcaaacgattaaccgcctttggtggaataattaaaaaaatcgcaagcgaattaaaagttgataatgaagaagttcaagacgatgaaagcaacttgcaaatttgtcgaaattgtggtagtattgatatacaaaagcttatatataaatggtcttatggtgagagggcatataaattatggataaatcaacagtaa
>gene_38013|Replication initiation protein
gtaactggaagatttgcccccaaaaaggctctaggaatgaaactttctcgggtttatgagcttctttctctttatcggcgtgccgatcgcgttgctcagtgtggttctgagcttgaatttggtattttacaggatggttctaagaagcttgtaaaggctaatttttgtagggacaggctgtgccctatgtgtaactggcgccgctccttgaagctttattctcaagtgtcccaagtaatggatgttttggaatctgagggctattgttttctttttcttacgctcacgcttcgtaattgtccttgggatgagctgcccgctgctattgatgattttctttctggttggcggtttatgtatcataaggctcctatttttcggcgtgcagtatgtggcacttctcgggctttggagattactgtaaatcatggggctcatacttatcaccctcaccttcatgttgttcttgctgtgaagccctcttatttcaaatctaaggattatatttcacaggctcagtggacgcagctctggcgctcctgttgtgatatctcgtatgaccctattgtgaatatcaagcgaattaaggagacttcacaggggtttaaggaaatttctaagtacgctgtgaaaggctctgatttccttgtaggctctccggatcttatgcagcgtcatgtatctaatttccttgctgggctctctgggcggcgtctggtaggttctacgggcgtttttaagcgtgttcagcgtgaattatgtctggatgacccggaagctggggatttggttattacagacggtcagcagttgcgtgatgatgtgtattgcatgatggtgcgttatggctggtgttctggtgtgtacgtgagactgtag
>gene_2716|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atgctttgtaggaatcccttcgtccgtgacagaaaaggcaacgtgtttgcttcttcgaatcctcgtcaatggctcgaggggattcctttcggttgcggcaaatgccttgcttgtcgtgtgaaaaagcgtcgtgagtggtctactcgcctcgctcttgaaatgctccagcacccttgcgccgtgtttcttactttgacctatgatgaggaccatgtgccgtggtgtatggacggtcgcaccctcgacaagtccgacttgcagaaattcatgaaacgttttcgtcgtcatcttgaacagttgaaagaacgtcctcatcctgtgcgctattatgcctgcggtgaatatggccagcgcgggacagaacgccctcactatcacatcattattttcggcgttgaccatcttgattttcatgtgattcaggctgttgaccatgcatggcgtgaacctgcgaagccgggctctactgccgttggtcgtccacttggtatctggactcttgaccctttaaccgaaaaacgtgtcgcttattgtgctggctacgttatgaaaaagcttgtcactccgcgtcgcttctataaggtgcagaatggcaaacgattacttgaccgcggtaaatcaactcgcgatgacggtggaactctggccgaatttcgtcttatgtctcgccgtccgggacttgcttctggtattattggtgatttggttgctctgtggcaatcatccgcccagttcaggcacgtcttgactgtgcaaggtgatgtcccttccgtgattcgtcatcttggcaagactatgttcctggaccgcttccttaaacagaaacttcgtgattctctcggtatcgaagttgaccccaccctctatgcggctgaggttcgtcgacagttcttcgaatggctttccaatcctactacggacaagtctaaagatttcgtcgactaccttgtttccctggatgaccagcgatataaacagctggttgaccgagtaaaacgacaaatgcaaaagcgttcaaagatatag
>gene_16088|Replication initiation factor
gtgcccacttcacaacagagctacacgattagacctgactggattacccttagaattctcacccctgaaccgggtcaacctgaagctacgatcggcgtgattgcccaggccttgaacgatagctttgagtttctgcctgggcctcaccccatgccagctcacaacacgacctatgatgcgatggccgtcagtgttaagggaattcgcgcttactggcacaatcccggcaatggcctaaagtcgatgggtgggttctctgcaacacgagtggaatttgctggtcacatttgcggtgctgctaacccggtggatttgcgcgacctctgccagctcctcagcaatgaccaccaagccgtctgtacccggtttgacattgcgctcgatgactacacaaaacagctctggacgtgggaagatttggctgaggctgcgcggtctggcaactactcagggccaaagtcctacagcatcattgagtctgcaaaacggggcgaaactgctggcctaacccactactttggaacgcgaaaaagcgaaagtttttaccgattttatgacaagtctgtagagtctgggggtgaggttgacgctaacaggatggaggtggaatttaagcgctctaaagctcatcaggccttcattgcgtggctgaacccgcctatcggaagtgaactcgatgccgcccaaattctgacagagtttgtgatgggaaatatcagttttctagaccgttccacaggcgaaaaaaacctagaccgcttgacagttttgccctggtggcaagcaatgagagatttgttagcaagtggggtaaaactgactcctattcgagcggtcgctactattgaaaaaacctgtgaatggttagaaaaacgggtatttcccagcatgtacgctgtctgtcgggcggttggtgaacaatcttttgagtcactaatgaaggcctggatagaatggggtaaacaacatcaaaaccgccgacacaatgcgatggtcatcgctgcccagctcgaaggatggggttga
>gene_37993|RepA protein
atgaaaaagaaactacctattaccaagaataaagatgttgttgtttcatgggtatatacatggtcaaaacagcaagacatgtccatacacgaacaaagaatagttcttcgcatactggaagcgtgccaagctgaactaaagggagtaaaactgaaagattatgcaggcacgaaacgcaagtttgagcatggactttgggatgttgatgcacaaatgcatgtatctgacgttattttttccggacgtgattacaatgaaatcatagccgcactcgattctttggcaggacgtttttttacttacgaagatgacgaggaatggtggaagtgcggatttatatctaacccaaaatataaaaaacgcactggcattataacctttcgtgtgtctaacgacctttgggatgtgtttaccaagttcgccaaggggtacagagaatttgagttaaacaaggctcttgcgctacctactgggtattcccttaggttttacatgttaatgagtgggcaggtgtaccctttggatatatcccttgaaaacttgaaagaccgtcttggcatacctgcagacaaatacaaggacaagaacggaaaagacagaatagatcattttgaggaaagagttttgaaaccagcaaaggctgcgcttgatgagagctgcccatacactttcaactacgtgaaagtgcgtgaaaacccaaacaacaaacgtagcaaggtgaccgggtttaggttctacccggtctatcaaccacagttcagagatgaagaactggaagggaaagaattgcaagcaaaggttacagcacgatatcagatagacagccatgtgtacgagtacctccgttattcctgcggcttcacatcggaagagataaaccggaacaaagagacattcataacggcacaagaaaagataaccgaccttatcggagaactggctctcctaaacggaaaatcacgagaaaagaacaatccgaaagggtggattataaacgcccttaaagggaaaatcaaggataagtaa
>gene_34347|Initiator Replication family protein (Fragment)
atgaaaaagaagctacctattaccaaaaataaagacgtagttgtatcatgggtatatacatggtccaaacagcaagacatgtccatacacgaacaaagaatagttcttcgcatactggaagcgtgccaggctgaactaaagggagtaaagctgaaagattatgcaggcacgaaacgcaaatttgagcatggactttgggatgttgatgcacaaatgcatgtatctgacgttattttttccggacgtgactacaacgaaatcatagctgcactcgattcactggctggacgttttttcacttacgaagatgatgaggaatggtggaaatgtggatttatatct
>gene_34810|RepA protein
atgaaaaagaagctacctattaccaaaaataaagacgtagttgtatcatgggtatatacatggtccaaacagcaagacatgtccatacacgaacaaagaatagttcttcgcatactggaagcgtgccaggctgaactaaagggagtaaagctgaaagattatgcaggcacgaaacgcaaatttgagcatggactttgggatgttgatgcacaaatgcatgtatctgacgttattttttccggacgtgactacaacgaaatcatagctgcactcgattcactggctggacgttttttcacttacgaagatgatgaggaatggtggaaatgtggatttatatctaacccgaaatacaaaaagcataccggtattataacatttcgtgtatctaatgacctttggggcgtgtttaccaaattcgcaaaaggatatagggagtttgaactaaacaaggctcttgcgctgcctacgggctattcgcttaggttttatatgctcatgagtgggcaggtgtaccctttggatatatcactggacaacttaaaagaacgacttggcatacctgcggacaaatacaaagacaaaaacggaaaagacagaatcgacaacttcgaggaaagagtattaaaaccagcaaaggctgcgcttgatgagagttgcccatacactttcaactacgtgaaagtgcgtgaaaacccaaacaacaaacgtagcaaggtgaccgggtttaggttttacccggtctatcagccacagttcagggatgaagaactggaagggaaagatttgcaggcaaaggttacagcacgatatcagatagacagccatgtatacgagtatctccgttattcctgcggtttcacatcggaagagataaaccggaacaaagagacattcataacggcacaagaaaagataaccgaccttatcggagaactggctctcctaaacggaaaatcacgagaaaagaacaatccgaaagggtggattataaacgcccttaaagggaaaatcaaggataagtaa
>gene_37724|RepA protein
atgaaaaagaaactacctattaccaagaataaagatgttgttgtttcatgggtatatacatggtcaaaacagcaagacatgtccatacacgaacaaagaatagttcttcgcatactggaagcgtgccaagctgaactaaagggagtaaaactgaaagattatgcaggcacgaaacgcaagtttgagcatggactttgggatgttgatgcacaaatgcatgtatctgacgttattttttccggacgtgattacaatgaaatcatagccgcactcgattctttggcaggacgtttttttacttacgaagatgacgaggaatggtggaagtgcggatttatatctaacccaaaatataaaaaacgcactggcattataacctttcgtgtgtctaacgacctttgggatgtgtttaccaagttcgccaaggggtacagagaatttgagttaaacaaggctcttgcgctacctactgggtattcccttaggttttacatgttaatgagtgggcaggtgtaccctttggatatatcccttgaaaacttgaaagaccgtcttggcatacctgcagacaaatacaaggacaagaacggaaaagacagaatagatcattttgaggaaagagttttgaaaccagcaaaggctgcgcttgatgagagctgcccatacactttcaactacgtgaaagtgcgtgaaaacccaaacaacaaacgtagcaaggtgaccgggtttaggttctacccggtctatcaaccacagttcagagatgaagaactggaagggaaagaattgcaagcaaaggttacagcacgatatcagatagacagccatgtgtacgagtacctccgttattcctgcggcttcacatcggaagagataaaccggaacaaagagacattcataacggcacaagaaaagataaccgaccttatcggagaactggctctcctaaacggaaaatcacgagaaaagaacaatccgaaagggtggattataaacgcccttaaagggaaaatcaaggataagtaa
>gene_50051|replication protein
atgccaagaaagaagaagcccgtggagcccatcgtgggccccggcaaggacccagaaagtaagctgaccgtgcagaagtcgctgccgcttttcagcctgtggcgctctgacatgaccctggcggagtttaaaatcctggacacctatctgtcccggataaatagccacgagccagagaagcgaactgtggtcttcacaaagggcgaattggagcagctcctgggggtcaagaaaatcaataaggcaagcctggttgcccggctgaagggcttgtatcgtggtgtcgaaatagaggacagtaaccggaaaattcatactgtcggcctgtttgaggaggcctacggcgaaatggacgaaaacggacaatggactgtcaagctgacttgcacgcccaaggcgatgcggtatgtcttcaatgtcgagaagctcggctaccttcggtacaagctccgctgcatcacttcgctgacgagccgttacacctatgtgctgttcatctacttggaagccaaccgcttccggaagtcctgggaggtcgatgtagacgagctgcgccaaattctgaactgcgaccaggacgagctctacaaagagttcaagcggctgaatgagcggattttgaagcgctgccaggcagagctccacgaaaaaacggagtgccgttttgagtacgagccaataaagaaaggccgccgggttgtcgctgtccggttcaccctggaaaccctggcagacagcatggagccgccgagcttgcccggtcagatgacccttgacgattacgaagaccccaacgccatctatgccgaggtgctcccggagggcttgctcccggaacaggtcgaagcgctccggttcctggctgccaagaaagtgccgttcttcacggatggcatttggccgcgcgaagcgctgattgccgattatctgcggcagaaggtggtgctgatgaacgcccatgggcgcaaggtcgaccacccgtacaattacctgaagtccatgattgagaaagacgaagatgcataa
>gene_31122|replication protein
atgccaagaaagaagaagcccgtggagcccatcgtgggccccggcaaggacccagaaagtaagctgaccgtgcagaagtcgctgccgcttttcagcctgtggcgctctgacatgaccctggcggagtttaaaatcctggacacctatctgtcccggataaatagccacgagccagagaagcgaactgtggtcttcacaaagggcgaattggagcagctcctgggggtcaagaaaatcaataaggcaagcctggttgcccggctgaagggcttgtatcgtggtgtcgaaatagaggacagtaaccggaaaattcatactgtcggcctgtttgaggaggcctacggcgaaatggacgaaaacggacaatggactgtcaagctgacttgcacgcccaaggcgatgcggtatgtcttcaatgtcgagaagctcggctaccttcggtacaagctccgctgcatcacttcgctgacgagccgttacacctatgtgctgttcatctacttggaagccaaccgcttccggaagtcctgggaggtcgatgtagacgagctgcgccaaattctgaactgcgaccaggacgagctctacaaagagttcaagcggctgaatgagcggattttgaagcgctgccaggcagagctccacgaaaaaacggagtgccgttttgagtacgagccaataaagaaaggccgccgggttgtcgctgtccggttcaccctggaaaccctggcagacagcatggagccgccgagcttgcccggtcagatgacccttgacgattacgaagaccccaacgccatctatgccgaggtgctcccggagggcttgctcccggaacaggtcgaagcgctccggttcctggctgccaagaaagtgccgttcttcacggatggcatttggccgcgcgaagcgctgattgccgattatctgcggcagaaggtggtgctgatgaacgcccatgggcgcaaggtcgaccacccgtacaattacctgaagtccatgattgagaaagacgaagatgcataa
>gene_13436|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaattttgcaaaatacacaagaggttccgtcacctcaatgacacaacactatgagagaaaaaaaggcaaggacggagagtatttgcgtttcaagaatcaagagattgattcagaacggacgcatctgaattataaccttgctccagagcgtaatcaatgcaagttcattgcagaacgtacagagagcctaaaagccctcaaaagaaaagatgtgaatgttcttggctcttgggtggttactgtgccacaggaatgccctgaacggcatcagagagcgttctttgagcaatgttatgctttcttggagaacaagtacggaaaggctaacgtggtatctgcatgggttcacatggacgagaacacaccgcatatgcactttgcattcgttccggtggtctttgacaagaaaaagaatcgtgagaaagtatcgtgtaaggagtgcgttactaaacgtgatttagagcgttttcacggcgaattgcaagcccatatagacaaatggcgtgaggttaatgaatatgacttctcctgtgacgttttaaacggtgctacagcaaacggcaatatgactatcgaggaaatgaaagcagaggctttagaggctgaaaatgagcatgctgtgagcctcttgaacgatactttcagccaattgagtgacttgctgtgtcatgtcgatgaggcggaggcaaagaaagagagcctcaataagagcctatcagacttgcaa
>gene_13432|Plasmid mobilization protein
gatgtatcagctttggaacatcaactcaatgagcgtaaaaacgagatagaagtcttggatagagcgataaaagaaaaaagcaccgtggcagcgggcttattttcagccgacaatctacaagaacgaatagagagagcaagagcagagcaagcccgtgaagagcgtttaagcctattagaacgctttgtatcactcccaaaggtaaaagccgtatgggagaagttctgtgccttatatgagcaaaataaagggcgtgaggggcatcgtgataaagggggaagaatgtaa
>gene_4850|Mobilization Protein A
atggcttatgtgaaagttgccaccacaaaaaactgcatagctgctctacggtacggagagcatgaaaaagactgtataaaaagcggtgtggactgtcccgacaataccgccatggccgagaagctgtttaaggctgacagggtgatgtggaacaaggacagcggtgtccaggcccacatcatcatacagtctttcgagggtaaggagtgtacaccagaggaagctaacaaaatgggccaggaattggcccaaaaggttgcccctggccatcgggccatggtctacactcataccgagagtgaaggcggtaacattcacaatcacattgttatatccgccgtgaaccatgagaacggcaggaagctggacggccacggctttttgtatgaagccagggcaaaaagcaatgaaatcaccctggaacatggtttgtcggttattgagccaggccgtggctgtgagttccgttattccatggccgaaaaggctatggaagataagggagtcaagacctggaaagatgaaatccgctaccaggtggaaaatgccagggataattccaggaatgaacaggaattcaaggaacacttgaaagaacacggcatttccgtaaacgaaagggaacggaaaaaggacggggaaaagtcttggacttatgtggatgaagaaggccacaaggtcagggctgttaaattgggcgatacctacagccgtgacaatgttctccaggaaatggagaaaaagaaggaaatcagccaagagccaagagtatcggtcatggatagagggaatgcccttattcgctctgacatcgcccaggagcaacagaaggaacaaaacagggccaacactatggaaaaggcccacaacctcatcaagagcgacttacagagcgaaagagccaaggaacaggaaatacttcgccaacaaatgttggagaaaaagaaaaagcctgtgaaacaggtcacaaaaaccaaggagaaaacaagagaaatcagcatagacagggggtttagtcgatga
>gene_53958|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atgcacatcatagcagaaaaaaacgaggttggcaatatcgaaattcaaacggggacgggcgaaatactgctcgatgtagcaaaaaacggcagggaacatccgtggagacagcataaaatgagtaatgagaaaatggcgagattgtttcgcaaggctttagagattgagccgactatcatcacaaataaggggctggaacggcttgaagattgtgcttcgacggtggtttttgctcgcgatgaacggcaaaaactacggcttgagcgtgcaaatttctgcagagctaggctttgccctatgtgcaattggcgaaaatccttgaagttgtttagccaaatgagtaagatttcagcagttttcatggcgcagcaacagtcggctaggtttatttttgtgactttgacggtgccgaattgctccgctagcgacctgggagaaacgttaaacagcatgaataatgcatttgcttatttgacaaatcccaataaaacttttgccccagcaaaaaagttcaagacaagtttactgggctatatgagggcaatcgaggtaacgtacaaccagcaatcagatagctatcacccgcatatacattgcctttttggtgttcaagcacaatatttcactaagggttacatcaagaaaagtgaatggcagcatatttggactaaggcaataaagtctgatatggaattgatcgttcatgttgaaacagttaagaatactacagcgaaagcggttgcagagattgcaaaatacccgacaaagtcaacagacttgtttaagattaaagatgaaaaacagtgtatcaaggcactgatagtcctgcagaaaactttgaaaaaccgcagacttacaacctttggtggcgagtttttaaagataaagcaacagcttggacttgatgatgttgattccgataaagcagatttagtacacacggatgacgaagcggaaatgttccagccgattgaacgagtgctatacaaatggcatgcaaaagttggtgcgtatatctgctaa
>gene_30834|Replication protein
atggacaaaatgcaagactcccatagccgggggcttcttgtggccgcatccttcgaacggctcggcctgctgcggcaggcaatggcaatcagggaatgcggcacgtttgtggaggtgacgaccacgatgaccccagagggcaagcctgttgcaggcgtgaccgccgccaacttctgccgggaacggctctgcccgtcctgtatgtggcggcgctctcttaaaatttacaacaccacaagcaggatcctggactacgttgacgaaaaatggcccaatgaacaaaagtatttattcctcacattaactgtggagaactgcgccccagaagaattatctgaaacactcgacatgatggcggcaggaatgaagcgaatgctgaacaacagagcctttgagcgccgagtgctcggttccatgcgcaccttggaaatcaccatcaaccacgaaaagggaacccttcacccccactatcacatgatcctagccgtcccacccaactatgcccggcgatcgtccggcttatatctcacgcaagacgaatggcaagaactatggattaaatctgctcgcctgaaatatgaccccatccttcacatccaggccgttaagggaaccagggaaaagcaggtggcagaagtggcaaaatatctgtgcaaatcggacagcttgactgcaggtgaaagcgccgaacaggataaatggataagctgcctgcatacccaaatgcaagggcggcgactagtggcctactcgggcagactgcgggaagcccagaaagctcttaaactggcgaacccggagaccgccgccctcactgacaccatcaggggcgatatctcgacagtaatcaggcggtatggctggtcggcaggtctgggtacatatcagcagaccagtgttcaacgctttaccggcccccggccagatgctcacgaggaaaagctacggcgggaagcccagagcggcccacccatgcccgacatggcagacaagcccctcaaaaggaaaaaaaggagaaactga
>gene_48901|Replication protein
atggacaaaatgcaagactcccatagccgggggcttcttgtggccgcatccttcgaacggctcggcctgctgcggcaggcaatggcaatcagggaatgcggcacgtttgtggaggtgacgaccacgatgaccccagagggcaagcctgttgcaggcgtgaccgccgccaacttctgccgggaagggctctgcccgtcctgtatgtggcggcgctctcttaaaatttacaacaccacaagcaggatcctggactacgttgacgaaaaatggcccaatgaacaaaagtatttattcctcacattaactgtggagaactgcgccccagaagaattatctgaaacactcgacatgatggcggcaggaatgaagcgaatgctgaacaacagagcctttgagcgccgagtgctcggttccatgcgcaccttggaaatcaccatcaaccacgaaaagggaacccttcacccccactatcacatgatcctagccgtcccacccaactatgcccggcgatcgtccggcttatatctcacgcaagacgaatggcaagaactatggattaaatctgctcgcctgaaatatgaccccatccttcacatccaggccgttaagggaaccagggaaaagcaggtggcagaagtggcaaaatatctgtgcaaatcggacagcttgactgcaggtgaaagcgccgaacaggataaatggataagctgcctgcatacccaaatgcaagggcggcgactagtggcctactcgggcagactgcgggaagcccagaaagctcttaaactggcgaacccggagaccgccgccctcactgacaccatcaggggcgatatctcgacagtaatcaggcggtatggctggtcggcaggtctgggtacatatcagcagaccagtgttcaacgctttaccggcccccggccagatgctcacgaggaaaagctacggcgggaagcccagagcggcccacccatgcccgacatggcagacaagcccctcaaaaggaaaaaaaggagaaactga
>gene_18797|site-specific recombinase XerD
atggggcgtagaaataaagcgtacttcaaggatctgcaccagcaagcctatgaccggcttaccgggatgcaggcctttggcgagagcaaaaaagaggcggtagccaacggtacagcgaaggacaagatattttccttcaacacctataaggactactggaagcatacgaagtattttatcaagtacatcaaggatagccatccggagtgtacgacactgaagagcgcgaagaagtacaccaatgagtggcttcaggccagagtggatcaggggctttcagcgtggacggtgcagctcgaagcgaaagcgctgggaaagctatacgggatttccccggatgacgagaattactttaagccgcccaagcgaaaccgtgaggagattaagcggagccggggggaccgtgtgcgggacaaacatttttccaagacgaacaacgatgaactgataaaattctgtagggggaccggcctgcggcgaaaggaactgcaggagctgcgggggaaggacctggttcccaggacgcaaattgaggcggagatctccgagctgcagaagatccaagaggagcagcgagcaccgagtgtcacaaaacgccttgaaatgctccaggacgcatgtttgtttccggaggagtggtttgtccatgtccgcaacggaaagggcggacgggagcgtttaagcccgattataggcaaaaatgcggggcagatcattgaacggataactgatacaccgccagaggagaaggtgtggcagcacattcataattgtgccgacatccacggctatcgtgcggagtacgctacggcaatctacaaggctcatgccagggcgatagaggacattccctatgaccgggtgaaccgcggcaccgggcggcgttatcaaagcgaggtttatacttgccgaaaagatgaagcggggaagaagctggacaaggctgccatgctgatctgcagcaaggcgctggggcataaccgaatcagcgtcgtagcggataactatattcggggcctgtaa
>gene_19020|site-specific recombinase XerD
atggactctttgctcaacgacagtgagggtgagccgcttattgcgatttcggcaggcaagactaatgagtggctgcagaccagagtggatcaggggctttcagcgtggacggtgcagctcgaagcgaaagcgctgggaaagctatacgggatttccccggatgacgaaaattactttaagcctcctaagcggaaccgtgaggagatcagacgaagtcgcggggaccgggtccgggacaagcacttctccaagacaaataacgatgaactaataaaattttgcagagggaccggcctgcggcggaaggaactgcaggagctgcgggggaaggatctggtgtccagggcgcaaattgaggcggagatctccgaactgcagaaaatcccggaggagcagcgggcaccgagtgtcgcaaaacgtcttgaaatgctccaggacgcacgcttgttcccggatgagtggtttatccatgtccgcaacggaaagggcgggcgagagcgtttaagcccgattataggcaaaaatgcggggcagatcattgagcggataactgatacaccgccagaggagaaggtgtggcagcacgtccataattgcgctgacatccacggttatcgtgcggagtatgccacagcaatctataaggctcattccagggcgatcgaagagattccctatgaccgggtaaaccgtggcaccgggcggcgttatcaaagcgatgtttatacttgccgaaaagatgaagcggggaagaagctggacaaggctgctatgctgatctgtagcaaggcactggggcataaccgtattagcgtcgtagctgataactacattcggggcctgtaa
>gene_53712|Replication protein
atgcgggatcagggccagcttgaaggctcgtcgctctttctgctgacgctgacgcaacgcaatgtttcggctgatgatctcggcgcagaattggacaaactcctatccgctctcaagtcgatccgtcatacagcgaacgcgcgtgaatttctgatcggttcggcccgcaatatcgaagtcacctataattgggcgaagaaaacgtatcatcctcatgttcacctgattctcattctctcgcctgatgcgcccgaggaaatgaagaatttcctgtactggcgcaatctgtggcagcggttgatgaagttggattatgatccgatctgcgatttgcggcctatcacagacagcgagggcgcaatctgcgaagtgtcgaaatactgcatcaaaccctcgtcgattttcggcctgcagctgccgcctgcgcagctggatcaggttgtccacacgctgaacggtgtgctggcaggaaggcgccttgtctcctatacgggcatatggagaaaagcccgtctcgccctcaaacagcgcgaaccggatgaagacctcgaacatgatgatacccgcgatatctgcggctgcggtgccgcgctgatggatgctgttctcaggtgggacggtttgcagtacaacgatttgccgtcacccctgtga
>gene_37173|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
tctcgattacttccaaaagaaagggtttgtaattgccttagaagaagaataaccaaagataaaaacgtatctatccgttataacgaaggtcgaaaaaaggcacactatgataatttagtgcgctgtggttcggtttggacttgtcctgtctgctctgcaaaaatcagtgaagcaagacgaagtgaactaaaaaaagctatggacaatcttaaaaaaaatggtggtgcggtttacttgatgacgttaaccaatcgtcaccatgtcggggacaatttagcttatctattggatagacaatcaaaggctcttgaattgttttggtcaagtcgtagaaaaggcggtgcagttgaagtcttgggcaagcttggtaagtttggtcatatcatggctactgaagtaacctatggtgaaaatgggtggcacccacattttcacattcttttattctttgaaaatccgatcaattttaaagctgttgaaaagttacttgctagtcattggcaatattgctgtgtcaaaaaaggcatgaaagagccgtcattggagcgtggttgtcgcatagatgacggtgcaaaggctcaagagtatgtgactaagtggggtcttgaagatgagatgacgaaaggtcataccaagaaaggtcgtgaagatagccttacgccttttgacttgcttaggcaatctgtcgaatgtccagagtatgaaaagttattccaagagtatgcgatttgcttcaagggtaaaagacagctcgtttggtctaagggtttgaaagcattactccaagtcgaagaaaaaacagatgaagaattagccacagaaacagaaaaagaaagcgtgatgattaaagatattgattttgccatttggactttgattaatgtctataaccatagagccgaaatattagaagcctgtgagcgtgattatttagatggcaatagtaggcgatataatgaactggtgatgaagctggcacactatcacgttgcagaattgcaaagtattgccgatacggcttaa
>gene_42128|Replication initiator protein
ttgggacatttatcacgccttattgggacatttatcacgccttattgggacatttatcacgcctttttttttctttgggacaaatataatttgcattttgtcctaaatcgagataaaactcgacaaattggaggcgcggaaatggcgataaaacagcttatgctcccccttgatgttgtgaagaaagacaatgaattaatccgatcccgttcaagtgtcgcaaataaaacaactgctcgtttgttagcttgtttgattgcacaattacatgatagcgatgctgactttaaagaagaatatgttttggatattagtcaacatcttacaatgcttcatgatgctgacggccgccaaattcaacaaatccgcgctgcttgcaatgctctagcacaagctcaagtatggatcgaaaagcaaaatagcaatgatttcgatataatgctatatttttcgcaattaaaatatcgaagtggaaaactatatgcacaatttaatccatgcatgaagcgtttcttacttgaggtaaaatcattttttacacaatataatttattagaatatctttcacttcaaagcttatatagtcaaaaactttttgaattattaaaatcatgggaaactggaaacactaaaggatttattgaatattcattacaatctttacatgaatacttagaaactccaaatagcttacgcgctaattttaaagactttcgaaaacggattttagagcaagctcaaaaagatattaacaaaacaagccttgagttttcttgggaggctgtaaaaactggtcgtgctgttacatctattcgttttatttttcatgacaaaatgcgtgaaaaaatagaacaatataaaaaaataaaaaaagaagaacaatcgcggcaaaaaaacaataaagattttattgccgctatgaattgtgcaaaagaaaaaaaaggaaattgtacagatgggaaaaaaagatattgcgccatctgcaagcaaattattttgccagaatatctagacaacgcataa
>gene_43026|RepA
atggacacccaggacaaaacagtgcttcaaagctacaagctgaccactatccgcaccggaataggcatctacggccagagattacttctccgtattgtggaagccgtccagaacgaaatgcaggggctttccttcaagaacaagcaggatatccggaaggttgatgttcggactgaaaccaacctcttcggggagaaggaaatctctatgagcctacgctcgataatgggaaacaccaacaacatcacggacgaactcaaagctcaaatcaaggcacttgcaaaggctgattttgagtatgaggatgaaagcgaatggagatattcgaccttcttttcatcggccaggattgccaaaggaactatgactctgaccgtttgtatgcagccccttgtgtgggaggctcttatggactactccaagggtttccggaagttctctctcgataaggctatgtccttcaagtctgcatattcccttcgcttctatcagcttttctccctgcagaaagaccctcttacctacaccctggatgaactccgcaagatgttcggcctggaggacaagtacaagaaaacgcaggacttcatcaagaacaccgttgatgttgccaaggaagaacttgacagctgcagtccctacaccttcacctacgaaccgattagcacgccaaccggcaagaaaggcaggccgagggttacggccatactgttcaagccgaaataccagctgaaattcgacaccgaggaagccgagtaccagaacctggttgcgaagcatccgggagcaatggctgtcctctccacggccagggaaaagagactgatgcagaccttcggaatcacccataagggtatccggaacaatcacaagatattcgaggctgcagtcaagtaccttgacttcgatcctctcatagacaagatagccaggcgtgtctcgaacaagcgtccgagcaatcctgcaggatacctggtaagagccttgaaggacgagctgataggcgaaggaatcgagtattaa
>gene_57331|Rep protein
atggattataataacacagaattgcagaaaagtcaagatgtaaagcttgacaatgaaataaaagaaaaatttacaccaaagcgtgaagcttcggaactcctggcgcagtcttatgagcgtatcggctacgagaataaagcggaacgtgtaagtgattgcggaacgtggttggagttccagacgtctggaactggggacggttggcgattacataatgcgaatttctgccgtgatagactttgtcctatgtgtagctggcgcaggtcttacaagatatttgcccaggtttcgcagattatggacgaaattggagatgattacgcttttatcttcttaacccttaccgtgcctaattgcgagcctgaggcactctgtaagacgttggacgatatgcaagagggttggcgtaagtttattcgctacaagcgcattaaaacggcaatgcgtggctatttcaaggctttggagattaccaggaacagaaagaacggaacatatcacccacactttcacgttattgtaccggtattgaaatcttatttcaagaaagatacatacatacaccgtgatgaatggcttgcactatggcagaaagctatgcaagatgatagcataacccaggttgacgtgcgccgttgtaagccgaaagaggaaatgcaagagggtgaaaaggctgtcaaggctctttcttctgctgttgcggaagttgcaaagtattcggttaagtcctctgattatctcattcctggagatacagaaacaacagacgaaacggttataaccctgggcagtgctattcacggcaggcggttgtgctcgttcggtggagtttttgaggac
>gene_1475|protein rep
atggattataataacacagaattgcagaaaagtcaagatgtaaagcttgacaacgaaataaaagaaaaatttacaccaaagcgtgaagcttcggaactcctggcgcagtcttatgagcgtatcggctacgagaataaagcggaacgtgtaagtgattgcggaacgtggttggagttccagacgtctggaactggggacggttggcgattacataacgcaaatttctgccgtgatagactttgccctatgtgtagttggcgcaggtcttacaaaatattcgcccaggtttcgcagattatggacgaaattggagatgattacgcttttatcttcttaacccttaccttgcctaattgcgagcctggggcgctttgtaagacgttagacgatatgcaaaagggttggtataggtttacccattacaaacgcattaaaacggcaatgcgtggctatttcaaggcattagagataaccaggaacagaaagaatggaacatatcacccacactttcacgttattgtaccggttatgaaatattatttcaagaacgatacatacatacaccgtgatgaatggcttgcgctgtggcagaaagctatgcaagatgatagcataacccaggttgacgtgcgccgttgtaagccgaaagaagaaatgcaagagggtgaaaaggctgtcaaggctctttcctctgctgttgcggaagttgcaaagtattcggttaagtcctctgattatctcattcctggagatacagaaacaacagatgaaacggttataaccctgggtagtgctattcacggcaggcggttgtgctcgttcggtggagtttttgaggacgtgcgtaaaaagcttatgcttgatgattgtgaggacggcgacctggtacacgttgacggctctgaaattcgtgcagatgttgccgtaatgatacgtcggtatggttggagctgtggagcgtataagcttcttgatgagcgccgtgtggttgatgttacgattgaatgtgatgagccttattaa
>gene_7479|Putative replication initiation protein
gtgacttgttttaaacctattaaagcttggtatgctcccggactaaccaagaacggtaagagaaatattgtttttgatagtaccaaggctattaacaagcatgattcttttggattgccttgtggtcaatgtattggttgtcgtttggataggtcacgtcgtgctgctacccaaatttctttggagaatcaaatgcatgaaaaaagtatttttttaacgcttacgtatgacgatgaacatgttccttatatcgttgatcctgatacaggtgaaatgttacaaactttaaagcctgatgatattactctttttattaaacgtctacgtagacagatagagtatcattatcccggtaatgagaagattcgttattatctttgtggtgaatatggtggaaaaactgagagacctcactatcatattattttatttgggtttgagcctaatgacagagttcattacaaaactacttttaatcaagataggttgtataatagtgattttctctccaaatgttggcctaaaggatttattaattatggtcaagtaacttttgaatctgctgcatacgttgctcgttattgttgtaaaaaaattactggtgaaatggctgcggaacattataaaggtcgttgtcctgaatttgtaagaatgtctaatcgtcctggtattggttattcttggttagaaaaatataaaagtgatgtttatccaaatgattatgttattgtaagaggtgatgtaaaagttaagcctcctcgttattttgataaattatatgataagtggttccccgaaaaatttgctgttattcgtgaaaagcgtgtgaaagactctattaatgctgttcatgatgagattgtaagacgtgatattcaattgccttccgttgaacttactactatacaagagttagagcgtattttctatgagtatgaggttttaccggttaaggaagaatgtcaaaaagctaagattaaaaaattaaaaagacctctggaggtagaagatgtttga
>gene_6266|Replication-associated protein VP4
gtgacttgttttaaacctattactgcttggtatggccccggattgactaagaatggtaagagaaatattgtttttgatagtaccaaagctattaataagcatgattcttttggattaccttgtggtcaatgtattggttgtcgtttggataggtcacgccgtgctgctactcaaatttcgttggagaaccagatgcatgaaaaaagtatttttttgacgcttacttatgacgatgaacatgttccttatattgtggatccggagactggcgaaatgcttcaaactcttaaaccacaagacatgactctttttattaagcgtttacgtcgtcagatagaatatcattatccaggtaatgaaaaaattagatattacctttgtggtgaatatggaggtaaaactgagagacctcactatcatattattttatttggttttgagcctaatgacagagttcattacaaaacaacttttaatcaagataggttatataatagtgattttctctcaaagtgttggactaaaggttttgttaattatggtcaagttacttttgaatccgctgcttatgttgcccgatattgttgtaaaaaaattacaggtgaaaaagctccggagcattataaaggtcgctgtcctgaatttgtaagaatgtctaatcgtcctggtattggttattcttggttagaaaaatataaaagtgatgtttatccgaatgattttgttattattagaggtgatgtcaaggttaaaccaccaaaatattttgataaattatatgaaaagtggttccctgataaatttcttgctattcgagaaaaacgtgaaagagatgctcgtgatagtattcattctgaaattattaatcgtgatattaatttgccggatattgagcttactaccattcaagagttagagcgtattttttatgaatatgaagttcttccggtaaaggaagaatgtcaaaaagctaaaattaagaaattaaagagacctctggaggtacaagaaaatgtttga
>gene_41414|MobA/MobL protein
atggattttttctcatttagaacacgaattgttggaggaaaaccaaacaaaagccacacatcatcttttgtttcatctatgtcatatattatgagaacgcccatgtatagagaattaacgcaagagtattgtcataagaactatgaaagcgaccaagatttagttaaaagcgcaattttttgtaatgatcttaaatttttacaaaaagcaaaagaaaataaattaaatttttttgcaaacgaaattgaaacatttgagaagagagcagatgcgcaattcggaaaatctattattgtcagtttaccgaaccatttatcagttaatgagaatatgtctgttttatgtaattggataaatgaaacttttgcaaataaaggtcattttatttcacttgcaatgcacgataataaagataaaaaacaaagaaatcttcatgctcacattcttgtttctagcagaacaataaaagatggaaaacttcaagaaacaaaatctaaatctattcatcttctcgatcaatacggaaatcgtattcccatgtatgtcgattcgaacggaaaaactattccaacaaagacatgggtgaatatcaccagagatgaaaatggaaatgctattaaatgtgttattgatgaatcaaaattacctcctggagcaacgaaaaaaacatcaggacaaaaattcgctagagagaatattaaatttaacgattttaataatcgaggaattacaaaacaatggcgtagatctcttgctgaaaaactcaatgaaaaattgcgagaattgaatttaaaaacgattgaatatcgctcatttttagagcgtggcgaaaacgaattaaaaccaacaaaaaaacgaggatttttaaacaatcatgcagatgaaaacgaacaaattaaaaaagcaaatcaacagattttaaaagatcggaaattagcagccgaagcagctgaacggaaacgtcttgaagctaaacgattggcagaagccgaagctgaacggaaacgtcttgaagct
>gene_49838|Rep protein
atgcacttcaattctatcgaaatgcaggatttttgtcaagagtccgccctggcttccctgtctaaggaagtcaatgacaagtggtacagtaaaaagtctgctgctgaatgtatgcaggctgttttctctgaacttcgtagctctcagtattggctttggccttacacgcccaattattggggcgacaaggcggagcgcattgccacttgtggttcttatatgctttttgccaagaaaggcgattctttcaagctgaaggaagcaaatttttgtaggctgcgtctttgtcctatgtgttcctggcgtcgtagtctcaagcaatatgctactctttccagtattatggatgttgcccaggagcgtggcgccaagtttgtttttgctacttttaccattcgcaactgctccggtgttgctttgcctaagactgtagatactctcctttctgcttttaatcgacttgaccatgacattattcgcaagcgcaaaaagggtattgttctgggagctgctcgcactttggaagttacttataatccgcagcgcaatgattttcacccacatcttcatgtgatttttgctatttcgcataagtatttcaagtctggttatatcaagcatcaagagtggcgttctctttggtctgaatgccttggtgttgattatcttccaatggtccgcattgaaaaggttaaggcactgcacggtgaatcttacgaagctgccgtgcgtgaagttgccaagtacactgtcaaagattacgatattctccggcaggatactgccgctggtaaggcttatgttacccagtgtcttgactctgctttgcgtggtcgccggctcttttctctctctggtgttttctttcggatccgcaaggagcttaatctcgaagatcctgctgacggagatctgattgtcaccggtacggatgctgatgagattcgtagtgatgtcgctgctgccatttttgtgtgccgttggattgacggtgtttaccaaatcacggagtgcggttaa
>gene_36705|MobA/MobL family
atggcatactttttcttcagagccaaacatataaacgcttctggaggtaagtcgattgttgcttcagctgcatacagaagtggtacaaaactaaaagatgagggtatcaacaaaacttacagctataaaaagcccgaagtcattcactctgaaattcttttaccagatctcccagacgatgtgcaaaaaaaattgagtgaccgccaaacactttggaactcagtccaaaaaaacattaaggctaataactcattgttggctaaagaactcatcattgctatcccagaagaactaaatcaagaacaaggcgtagctctcattcgtaaatttgctaaatcacttgcaaccatcgaacaaatgataactgacgtttcggtgcattggaagccaaataatcatcatgcacatattttgattgctcccagaaaaatggaacatgatggtagctgggcaaaaataaaagagcgaaaagtttatgagcttgatgaatctggaaagaaaataccacaacttgctacggatgaagaccatgataaaattccactcataaaaaatgatggtcagcaagctaccgatcagaatggcaaactactttttcagaaagtacgaatccgaaaagggaaaggtgttgagaaattatggaaacggaaaactgtgctggcaaacgaatggaatagtttagaaaaacttaatgaactaaaaaagcgttggcaagattatacaaatcaaaccttgctagaaaatggctatccagacaagttattagattgtcgttcgtataaagagcaagagttaaatatcttgccaacaattcatgaaggatacgctgctagagctatcgaatctcatggcggtgtatccaaacgctgtgaacacaatcgctggatacgaaaaagaaatcaagcatatttgcaaaagctaaaagacctccagctaataaaacacgaaatcgccacgctaaaaaaaaagtggcagaaagaaaaatcaaaaatagatccaaagcaacctatgcaacgatag
>gene_26599|protein rep
cggtggtataatgagtgtaccaccaatcatttataccaccatggaaggagtttaattttggaacccctgtattataatactaccacaggcgagctcttttgtcaagagcaaatcgcattgaatgacggaaaaagggactggagcgggaaaaagaaaatgacaaaaaaggttgcagcgctcgtttctcattatgacagcgaaaaagcggacaagctttctcgctgtggtacctatcttggttttgtgagggtacccgacggaacaatgaagctcaacacggcgaatttttgccgtgaaaggttgtgtcctatgtgccaatggcggcgtagcctgcgattggcggttcagagcgagaaaatatatagggagctcaatgtgcaggggtaccgacatattttcgcaacgataaccgtcaaaaactgtgagcgcggacagctcaaaaaagagattgacaaattatataaatcggtgtctgctctttttcggtctgtggcgtttcgccgttccttcgttggcgcgtaccgcgcattggaggtgactttcaatgaagaatcgaaaacgtttcatccccatatacatatgatcttgacggtaaagcctgagtatttcgaggatccgtctttgtattgggacaccgaaactcttgtgaaacgttggcgcaagagcgcgcatcttgattacgacccagtatgcgatatgcgcgttatcaaacaaaaagaggggcaaaccctcacttctgcgtgtatagaagcgtgcaaatatccagtaaagactgcagagttttccgattggaaaattctgcaggagattgactatgctctgagaggtcgacgtcttatatcgtggtggggtcttccgcagtacgtccgacgggctctcgctatggaagatgtcgaggaagggaacctcgtacatactgatgataccgcagtcggagccgaagagctccaaaaaattgtttatgtttggcgtcatggtgtgtatatacctctcgatatggaggtcgtgaataatgattga
>gene_28393|Replication-associated protein
atgaaaaaaaactttaaagacttaaactctgttaatcctaaatctcgtgtttggatgattgaggttcctaatcctttagttgatgatattcaacctgatgatgatattgtctgtgccgcttggcaaattgaacgtggtcaaccttctgaaactgaacctgaaggtctgagacatatgcatctttttgttgagtttagtagtccacgatataagaattctgttaaaaagtatttctcttatttaggtgtgccgcaccttgacttgcctgaaaacaaaataatggcatttaagtattgtacaaagaagcctggggaaaagccttggcaagataaaatattcactgtggaaattccgccaaaatttattggagatataccaataataccagaacgaagtgatgttgagcctgctaaacagaagaaggaatcgaagagtgataaaattgcgaagaagattatggatggggaatggaatgaagatgatgttaagcgcaatgaaccgggatggtatatgctcaatcataacaagttaagtacttttatgatcaagtataaggctgagcaaaacaaaggcaaaatatggaagcccttcgttgtttggctgcatggtttgactggtactggtaaaacaagtgctcctgaatggtttgagagaatttgtttcaagaatgagcctgatattataactgtgtctggtgacactaatgcgtttataaatggttattttggttctgattctgtaattatcgatgagactagaggagaaataccatataaggaattattgaagtttcttgattggaattacggcgggcgtgtagttaatattaagggcttaagtgacggtaaatggtttcccaagcgtatttatattacgtcatgttatccacctgatcaaatttataataagcagatgactcgtgaggataaaattgatcaattaatacgacgtattgactatattgagaacgctaatccaatacattgggatgaacagaagcccttgataaaatggttatataaacgctatcagatgtttgtagaagattcgataaataataagcatgaactgcctcctgttttaaaagcatcggcaaaatttttgaagcaaaggtacccagaatccttgacaaactttgacttattgattgctccaattttggaacaagatttggaacatggaacaagtgattgttccaaaaattttttaatttacgaccaaagaacgcaggagaacgcaacaaaatctcaagaatttgataagatagcaccaaattgccgtaatttggaaaatttggaacaatggaacaacgtgggatatagtaatactccggcggcttcgcccccggggggatcccacgttattgaaaatgagctagatttagataaagaagatgaatctcaaagtaattcgtatgaaagattattgaagcttgtgcctagatgtataatgactgatgatgagaaatttcaagaagttcaaaagagatggtggaatgaagatagacaaagagaggctgaaagtatacagaaaaggcataaagctagtttaattaatattgaaaaaatgtttaaagatgaagaagataattaa
>gene_2823|Recombinase
ggaaagcgaaaaaggttctgtgtattaaaagagcgcagggacgaaagcggcatcgtggaggaaatcttttccttttatctgagcagtcgttccttgatccggacggcggagtacatcagtaaacagggagcaagaacaaggaaaggcaatttatttaccgctcaggccgtacgggatattctcagaaaccctgtttattcctgtttcacaaaggaggtatgtacctattatgaggcaaagggaagccgtgtattcggccgggattcagaggaaggtgagggagaggagaacataagaggatttacagcttacggaaaaacaacaggtgttccttataaaaacaaatcttccgataaagaacagtggattctttccaaaggaagtcacagaggattcattgatggagaaacattcttaaaagtacaacttctgcttgacggtaatcggagaggaagacaggagtggaaacgaaatcgtaacaggcaggcatggctttccggacatattttctgcagctgcggtcattccatgcgtcccaaatattatgggagagtggatgaggagagcggtaaagcttaccattatctgtgtaccggtaaagaacaaagcagaggtgaagtctgccgccaaaaaaatctgcccggtaaagaggcggagacagcgatactgtctgctatgttttccgcttataggatgagtaccaccctgggcggaattttgttaaacaataataaaggctttttggaaaagaagggaggatgggggcggggggagggagaaaacaatgaaggggatgactgtcataagatcgatacaggggagtggagccggcggttatctcagatggaatggctttttgaacaggagatggcagagcagaaacgggagtatctggagaaactggtcagaagaatggaatgggacggaaaggagctgaaagtttatatccgtgacagtaccatcccattagggatggatatgtcacggattacatggccagccgggttcttgtcaaaataa
>gene_20842|Plasmid replication protein
ttgaaagacggaaaaccgaaaaagcctcattttcatgccgtcttgacgtttactgatggcaaaacgtgggatagtattgctaaagcgattggagttgaaaaacagtatgtaaacaaaatcaagacaacgaccgcaagggcgcaagcgtatctcattcataagaatgatattgacaagtttcagtatgatgtttctgcggtgagtgcaaactttgactatgcagaaaagatggatgatgtaaagcgcacgattaacattgaagaagtcataagaaagatagaaaacgaagaaatcaagccttataatgtatatgatgctgtggatgccgtgacgtatgcaaagcataaaccgaaacttgatagagcgtttgaatatgtgcagaacaagaaaaggagtgttgatagagatatggagtgcttgtacatatatggtccgtctggatgtggcaaaacaacgcttgcaaaataccttgcttcgcaacgtggatttcatacatacatatcaagcggcggcaaaaaccctcttgataactatcaaggtgaagaatgtatcgttcttgatgatataagaggttcggtgtttcctcttgctgatttcctcaagctgacggataacaacacggatagccttgtaggatgccgatattacaataaaagcatttcatattgcaagatgattatctgcacgtccgtggtatctttgaaagacctttatggtggtgtgactgataaagaaaaagagcctttgaaacagttatacagacgtttcaagaccatcattcgccttgatgatgaaaagatgcatttgatgcgttttgatgaggatagtgaaactgaaaagaggatggcaagtatgcgtaatcccgttgcaattatgttcaatccaaaggtcgcaaaagaaactgctcaagacttcgcaagggctttcggtatctcacctgctgatattgaggaagatgacggatttatgcctgctccagtaggttttgacgaggtgtttggtgatgcaaatagaccgtaa
>gene_51709|Replication protein
ttgcttaaaaaagacaataaaaaagcccatatttcggacactttggcgggtgatgaaatacaggctttgcaatctgctaaggcagatcaacatagggatagaataacacgttttggaattttgaaacatagagcgaagctgcaagaacaatatttgtggacgcaggttgatttcaagtcagaaggtgaaaatgatctatccaataaggctcttaaggctgcaactaaattaaagggttgtggtcaatttctgctgttccataattactacacgatagaccaagttaaacttgctaaggcacactattgctctcagcatttgttatgtcctatgtgtgctggtgttagggctgctaagtccatgagccgatatattcagcgtattgaagaattaatgcgtcagaatcgccatttaaagcccgtcctgatcactttaacggtaaagaatggccctgacctacaagaacgcttcaagcaccttagagcgtcatttagaacgcttttagatcgttataacgattataagaaaaagggtcgtggctttaatcaattttgtaaaattgatggtgctttttactcgactgaatatacatacaatcctaaaactaaagagtggcatccacatattcatatttttgctttactcaatgaatggatagatcaggaagagctttctgagacctggcatgacattaccctagattcttatattgtagatattcgtagagtcaaaaaaacgaaagaacacggatacagcaaggcagttgcagaggtatgtaaatacgctcttaagttcagtgatctatcactggagaacacatgggaagcatatctttctttgaaaggtaacaggcttactggctgttttggttctttctatggtgtcaaattgcctgaaaaacttactgatgatttaccgcttgatgatctcccatatatggaaatgctctatcgtttcgtatttgataagaaatcctattacaacctagaaatcacaaaggacgtaaaaccacaaaactag
>gene_34327|Replication protein
atgtcttctaatatattaccacaaaaaaataagaatgtcaatatgcaatcttataaaattcatcggctagagtgtgaacgtcttgctgatgtttatcatgagctttttctctccgcagatcttgcttctgatatggatagatgggaagctaaggaaagccgtgttcgtggctgtggtacttggcttatgggtgatctttatgaacgtgatggcgaacaaaaatatgttttaactggtgccaatttctgccggactatgctttgtcctatgtgccaatggcgcagagctttgaagctatatagttctatgctttctatatggaaacttgtttttgatgactataggactatagaatttgatggatctaataatcgtcttttaccctgcttacgtggtcttttgcttactcttactgttccgaatgtttcaggcgaaaatcttcgtgatactataaattctatgtctgatggctgggatagattgcaccgtcgttgtcgttttgattctataaaaggttattatcgttgtcttgaagttacatataattctagtaatgatacttatcatcctcattatcatgttcttttacttgttactgatgattactttagcaaggacaaacacgactatatacaccatgatgagtggctttctttatggaaacagtctatgagagatagctctatagcacaagtggatattcgtgctcttcgtggatctactccgcaagctatgcttaagaacttaaatgaaacctgcaagtatacttgtaagccgtctgattttctttctggctctcttgctcagcagtgcaaggttactgaaactatagataaagcacttgataaagtacgccgtgctagttttggtggttggcttaaggatgcaaagatggctcttaagcttgatgatgagcttatagaaagtgattcaaagcctaccagtgattggaaattgtctattcctaatgtttggtatcactggagttctggtgtaggtgattacattgaggactga
>gene_9211|Replication protein
ttgtgtctagataataacatcgaaactagcgaaaaatcaaccgaagaagtactgatcgacaagcaacggaacggaaaggctcgaccgtggcgagagaagaaactctcgacaatcagttactacgagctgttgcacctgttggaattcaagaaatcgactctagtgcgtgattgtgggaaccgccttgagtttaatgctgataccgaagggcatatgaaactggcgaaggcatttttctgtaagtcgccactttgcgcaatgtgcaactggaggagagcgatgaaacatagcagccagacgaagcggatcgtggcggaagtcgtgaagcgcaagccgaaagcgagatggctattcctgacgttgagcgttcggaacgccattgacggtgaaacactcgacaagagtttgcgagagatgacgcttggcttcaaccgactattcaaatacaaaaaagtcgcgaagaatctcgttggattcatgcgagcaaccgaagtgacggtgaacgaaacggacggtacatacaaccagcatatgcacgtattgctttgcgttgaaccgacttatttcaacagcactgagaactacatcaacaacaatcaatggcgacatttctggcaaaaggcgatgaagctgaactacttgccagtcgtccacgttcagaccgtgaagcccaaaaacaagaaaaaatcagaccttcattcggcaatcgacgaagtggcgaagtatccggtgaaggatacggattatctcaccgacgacccggaacataacctcatggtcgtgaaagatttggaacaaggattgttccggaagagacggatcgcctacggtggattgctgaaagaattgcataaagaactcaacctcgataatcccgaagacggcaatttagttcagactggagacgaggaagaagagattagcgagacggcatacagtgtcgtggctcaatggaattgggaacgacagaattacttcaagaaaaaaccgaaacgaaacaaaaaaggcgaggaataa
>gene_57412|Replication protein
atgaaaaatccagacagtccggtactctcgttacgcgattacagcacgcgggatacaaaatgggacagtgatcgagtgatggctgacagggtggcgcagatttacgaaagcgattcgatgttttcctctcgtggagaacggatgtttgattgttcccgtcggttgttgtttgcgccgaaggtgtcccgcctgactggcgaaatgaagctggcccttcggaagggggagttttgtcatgttccgttttgtccggtgtgtagtcgtcgtcgctctctccgctggatgcgtcgcctctgggaggccttgccaaaattgctggttgaacgtcctgcggcccgctggttgttcatgacgctgactgtcaaaaatcctcctgtggaaaatacccgcgaaacactcattcggatgaatgcagcatggaaacgcttgagtgatcgtaaggaattcaggtcagttcttggctggttacgtacgacggaaattacttacgggaaggtgccaggatgttgtcatccgcattttcacgttctgatgatggtccccccttcgatgttgtccggtaatggttatgtgaaacatgctcgctgggtggagatctggagtgaatgccttcgtgtcgattatgaggcgggtgtggatattcgggtggtaaaaccgaaacagggctggaaacggccggatggtgtaaccctgcctgatatgcatcgtgcggcgctggagtcaggcgtcattgagacgatgaaatacacggtgaaatcttcggaagttgtgcgtgatccggcgtggtttctggagctggcgcggcagacctatgggcttcgcatggtggcaaccggcggtcgtctcaaagaggttctgaaagtcgataaaccggagacggacgaggatttgatcggggcagatattccggcagaactggacgagttcgaggagcaagccttctggctggcgtttgactggggacgtacggaaaaacgttacaagcggaatcctgaagctgacaggatgaaggattga
>gene_1546|Plasmid replication initiation factor-related protein
ttgaaatttgccggggcttcgttccttgtcgcgccgccccatggcgggcagaaaattgggttttcctaccgcttggtttttcctgggctggagattctaattcacaagagcccgtctaaacagattccgcttgcaaaagtggtttttgggtggcagtcgttagacaaagggaaccccctctcgattatgtccgaggtgatggggtttttggaggactgcggggcggttcttcagggataccacatttcccgcttggatttgcaatgtactggggatttccatatagaggagattttcagggccgcgcaggaagagcgttttgtttcatgtcagaggaaaaaaaccttcatttctgatgggccgtgggttcaaaccatgacgctgggggggtacacgtcgccggtcatgttgagggtttacgacaaattgcaggaaattatggactcagaggacgggacgaaagaggtcacgattctggggcggttccgtcgtgcttggtcggagcatgtggaagagggtggcgaggttgatctaaaaatttcgcgtgtggagttctcctgcaagcgggatttcctgaagttgtgggggataacgacttttgacgacctttccgagaaaatcaccagcttggtttactacctttcccgtcagtgggtgcgtttcttgtgtgattctggggaaaagaacgtcacgcgcgcgccggtgctggatgtgtgggagcgtgtgtcgcgtatgttctgcgcgtatttctggggtgggtctgctgagatggccagaacgccggaaaagcaaaaaatggcgctattgtcagacgaacagcggcaaaaatgccttgctatggcgtctactttcgtggcaaaactgctcgcggatactgcactgagggaaaaattagggcctcgggctgtggctcctttggtattggatgaagtaagagaagatgctatactagccgctgtgtcgatagttcgtagtgaattgcagaaaaacgccgatttaatgaaatctcttggttag
>gene_29116|Protein rep
ttgacagtggataccgttctaacgctcgatagagcgctcgacggtcgaaggctcgcgacgatgggcggcgttatacgcaaggaacataagcgcttgcacttgcaggacgcggacggcgagaacgccgaccttctgaacgttggcgaaaacgtcgatgacattcagtgcgacgatgacgcaaacacgcttctttatatttggcactctgggtattcggagtatgtcggcgaatttgacagcccaatatattga
>gene_8507|Replicase A
atgggcaatctcactatctataaatcaaacacattggtggaggcggggtatcgtttaagccttgcggaacagcgaatgatcattcttagtcttgggcaagttgatagccgtgatgtaactcaaaagaaagttacgctccacgcaaaggactatgcgaaagagtggggagttagtgaggtaaatgcgatgcgagaaatgaggcaagctgcaaatcgtctgtttgagcgttacatcacattaaaaaattcagatgagacaataaaatttcgttggatacaatccgtagctaagtatcataagggcgaagcaagaatatcattcacttttagcgatgatattttaccgtttctttttgagttggattttaaactcggtgtaacaaagtacgaattgctaagtgtctctggcttttcaagtgtttattctttccgtctgtacgaattgaccgtgaaaatgttgaagatggaaaacaagatcatagaattgaacgatttaagaggcattttgcaattagagaataagtaccttgaatacaaagaatttaacaaatttgttcttaaacctgcattatttgacatcaatgaaaaatctgatctcttgttggcgtttgaaccgatcaggcaggggcggagggttgttgcattggaatttcttgcaactaaaaaagcaacgcacaacgcggataaatccacaaaaaccgaaaagaaacgcagaccatttccgcataaaaacaagtttggaaagttcgtcaaactcgacaagcagaaccctaaaatgagttcgcacgaatacggcgaatatgcccgtgcttgcttggctcaaatggaagaagattacaagtcttttggctttacgattaacgatataccgaccgaagatttattgcattattgggtattcttaacaggaaaccaaagcaataaatcgagctttggcaagcggtctgattttgtgaacgagttgaaaaatcgtgggtataaaatcgtagattgtgaattggttaaaatcgaaaaataa
>gene_18930|Rep
atggcaaggacgattaaagacaacaaggacgttatacagtcctatgtcttcacaatggctaaatacgacttttctgtgtacgaaaagcgtattatatacagacttgtggaactcgcacaatgcgagcttcaaggggtaaagatgaaagatagcatgtaccagataaccccaactcaattcggtaaagagatacaaatgccagtctctgccattctgcgagacgaaaaggacaataactatgagatagcgaagaaagccttcaagtctttggctacaaagggggtcgaatatgaagataaagacacatggtctttcacaaacatcatcacttgcccgaagataaagaagggggagggaattgcaaaattcaacgtctatgacgatatttggaagtgtattctcaacttcacaaaaggctatagaaaatacgaacttgcaaccgctatgagtttcaagtccgtctattctatgcgcttctacgagcttctttctgggcaaaagagaccgctaagttttagcgttgacgatttacgtgagcgtttcaaactcaagaacaaatacaaacgagcagacgattttaaaaagaacatacttgacgttgcaaagaaagaacttgatgagagtagcccttactccttcacatacgaagaaattaccgagccttcgagaggtcgaaacggctacaaggtaactggctacactttcacccctcgtttcatcatgaagaaccgagacgaggaactttacaagaaggagctgaccgccaagataggaaacatcactgggcgattcggtatgctcgacaagaacgtttctgactatcttctgtacaacttgaacgtgcctaaagaatccatcaactccaacaaggaagtgttcctgcaggcacagaaggttttcccagacctcgtttctgtcctcgctgaaattggtccaaagatgagagagaagggcaagcctatcggctacctcatcaacacactgaaaggcaagattgccgatgccacgaaaggttaa
>gene_54652|Putative Mob protein
atggcatacacgatatcgacacataacggatcagccgtatctcggcagcacaacattcgcaacccgaaggtggtggccaagcagccgcacatccgcgtcgacggcgtccatgaggtttggatcgacgtggatccgcgcaaagcttaccgggagatcttcggcgacgcccaggaggaatacaaccgtcggcagcgagatgctggtcggccggaacgctgcattaagtcgtactacactcaagtcaagaacgatgccaaaaagcacgttgtctatgagatgatcatagcgatcggatccatgaagaaccagcccccgccattcacggccaaggatatcatgcgcgacttcgtcgacaactggcccgagcgcaacccgagcctcaagctgaccggcgcatactatcaccgtgacgagcagggcgtggctcacgtgcacattgactacattccggtagctactggctacaagaacggcttggccgttcagaacggccttgtcaaggctctgaacgccatcggcttccataccaagtcgacacgggacacggcgcagatccaatgggaacgcagagagaaccaatacctcgaacagctctgcagagcgcgcggcctcgaggtggaacacccccttgaggaaggtgtcaagcacaaggaaaaggagcagttccaagcggatgccgatctgaaggaagccaaaaaacagctcgaagcggccaaggttgagctcgagcagactgaggtcgcacgcgatgacatggccgccagggtcgctaaaatgcaccaggagggcagcgaaaggtttcaacgcaacaaatctatcctggaagaccaaaaggccaaaatagaggccttagaggccgtgatagacgcatatactgcgcagatcgaagcccaagagcgcaaaatcaagaaccaggaggccatatacaaggtcttcggcggccaggggccgctttatgatgcgcaggatcctgcgcacgttgaagatctccccctgcgggaggattttgacctctga
>gene_17005|Replication initiation factor
gggttaagatttgccgacatatcaattttgtacgatggtaggcctgatatgggtgtccattattcattgacgggcaaaggatgccgacagtacgaatttgcactatcggaattaggggaaaatatcttttcgttattgaaacgtggtagggaaaatgataaccatattagccggctagatctagccgttgacgacttcaaagggtacttcacaatccctggattggccaatttaattaagaaggggcagctggtatcgaaatttaagaaggcgaaaaaaatcgaggatatacttatcgcggacgggtctacaaggggtacaactttgtactttgggagttcgcaatcggatattatgattcgaatgtatgaaaaaaattatcaaatggggaaagaggaagaaattcctgtctggaaccgcgtagaaatccaattacggaatgatagagcggtcaaagcggctgaccttatattgtctggtataccgctaggagaggttgttttgggcattttaaaccaatacatacggtttatatcaccatacgatggtaagaagaaatcacgtgccaaaacgcatcctaaatgggaaaagtttatcggcgatgtcgccaaacttagattgtcggaccagccggaggctccggacttcaaccggaaagaacggtggttgatggaccaggtttcgaaaacaatgtatatggttgcgaatgcgggcgatgagcccgacgagcttgtcaaaaagcttctgggtgccggttacaatagtatgaagcaatcagactggttggcgttggctgtggaaagacaaaaacgtgctatcgagaacccgaaaccgggttccgatgaatggtacgaccaacgtgattggaatcgttatttggaacgttgtttcaaactttgtgcggattgcggtaaggaattgcaggatggcgatcgcgttaagtttccaggcgaaaatgaattctgggtgtgcggatcgtgttgggaagaagaacaattgtatttagaagcggaatga
>gene_15543|Replication protein
atggcaaaatcttgcgaaataatgcaatattggaaatatatggactgtaatgaaattgccgtagttattagccgtataaagtccctcgtcaaccttaaaagctggtgcattattacacacgataaagatgttctgccaagtggtgagattaaaccgccacactttcacgcggtgctcactttcaccaatgcaaaaagctttgattgtatagctcgcacaatcggtgttgaggtacagtatgtaaacaagattaagacaacaaccaaatcggctcaattgtatctcgttcaccgcaatgaccccgcaaaatatcaatacccgcccgcagatgttcaggcaagctttgattatgtcaattttgcggacgattgccccgtaaaacaaaagcgagataatattgccgtacttattgaaaaaggcgaaataaaagagtataatattttccaatacataacgattgacgagtactcccgcaataaacgatattacctcaattgctttgagtatagacaaggtaaactgaaagggctaaatagagatatggaatgcatttttattacaggtggtagcggcacaggtaaaagcacttatgccaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaaaggctatgcaacatatatttcgagcggtggcaaaaacccgcttgataactacaagggtgaggagtgtattatacttgacgatacccgctcaagtacttggagcttgacggactttctcaagctcacggacaaccacaccgatagccttgtaggttgccgatactacaataagagcatagcagaatgcaaattgcttatcgtgacatcttgcaagaaccttgacgagttctacgagaacgcaacgaaagaggacaacgagccccgcaaacagctttttagacgctttagcctgtatattaagcttgacgaggagaatatgtatattgcttattatgacgagcacgaaaaccgccataaacacacggcaacgagcaaaaaccctgttgcaatgctcttccgc
>gene_30792|Plasmid replication protein
atggcaaaatcttgcgaaataatgcaatattggaaatatatggactgtaatgaaattgccgtagttattagccgtataaagtccctcgtcaaccttaaaagctggtgcattattacacacgataaagatgttctgccaagcggtgagattaaaccgccacactttcacgcggtgctcactttcaccaatgcaaaaagctttgattgtatagctcgcacaatcggtgttgaggtacagtatgtaaacaagattaagacaacaaccaaatcggctcaattgtatctcgttcaccgcaatgatcccgcaaaatatcaatacccgcccgcagatgttcaggcaagctttgattatgtcaattttgcggacgattgccccgtaaaacaaaagcgagataatattgccgtacttattgaaaaaggcgaaataaaagagtataatattttccaatacataacgattgacgagtactcccgcaataaacgatattacctcaattgctttgag
>gene_35069|Rep
atgaaaaaccctgaaacaacactaacgctctgtttgagtgactacagtacacgggatacaaaatgggatcgggatcgcgcgagggcggacgaagtggcaaaaatttacgcatcggatcaacaatttgcccgtcgtggtgagaagatgtgcaggtgtagccagcggcttttgtttgcgcagcaggtttcccgcgatacgggcgagcttcggctcgcgctgcgtcacggggaattctgtcatgtgccgttctgtcccgtgtgcagccgtcgtcgtgcacttcgctggatgcgccgtctgtgggaggcgttgccgctgttgctgaatgagcgccccactgcgcggtggttgttcctgaccctgaccgtgaaaaatccgcctgtcggggagttgcgcgagacactccggcagatgaatgcggcatgggaacgtttaaccaagcgcaaggagttcgcgccggttctgggctggctgcgaagcacagagatcacctacgggaatgtgccggggtgctgtcaccctcactttcatgtggtgttgtgggttccgtcgtcgtggttcacgcgggactatgtgtctcaccgccgctgggtggagatctggagtgggtgtctgcgggttgattacgacccaagcgtgaaaatcaacagggttcgcccgaagttggggagcgtgccagagaacgccacccccgcagagattcagcgcatggcgctggaagcgggggtgattgaaacaatgaaatacactgttaaatcctccgaaatcgtgcgcgatccggcgtggtttctggaactggcgcggcaaagctacgggctgcgcatggttgctacaggtgggcggttccgcgagattctgcgagatctcgagaagccggaaacggacgcggatttaatcggcgcggatgtaccagccgtaccggatgaatttgaagagtcaggcttctggctggcgttcgactggcgacgaccggaaaaacactaccgccggaatccgaaggccgaccgagccgccagttaa
>gene_41308|Putative replication protein
gtgatcgactggctcaaacttcgtttgcctatcaacgtcgcagggaaaattcccggcgatacggtgatgctgctttcaccggatggcgaattgaagtggagcaaaactcgcgcactccctctctgcggatcgttcgatgcaaacctgcacgtatccgcttgcccagtcaccggctgtttggtgatcgacggcaacccagtgaagtttttccagggacacaacgtctttggaaccgatgacattcacgcgctcgttcacgcgaccgtgcgtaatgtcgtcgctctcctcgagctggaaatcaccgatgagtttcaagcggcgatcgacgaagagcggatcgaaatttcgcgcgtcgacatcacacgcatgtactcgttcggctcgatggcacatgcaaccgctgcggtgcgcgcgatcggcgagcacgcaaccgtcaagcatcgtggccgaggtgtgatgaaagagggcacggtgtatttcgggaaacactcgcgccgctctgcgttgaagatctacgcgaagggcgtggagctacttgagcacaagctaccggatggactgccgcacgcggctgaggtcgaagcgtttgctgtcgacaagctccgcgtcgaggtcgtcatgagaggaatggagctcaaatcacgagggctcgacatgctcggaaattgggacgaggatagcggtgatacacttcaccgggaatttatcgggaaaatgacactgcccgacaacatcgaactaccgccggcgaagctcgaaggcctatctccacggctccagctcgcatatgccgcatggcttcgcggcgatgatttgcgtgtgacacttcctcgtcgcacgttctatcgatatcgcgctgacctgctcaagctcggcgtcgatatcctcacgcttcgacctgccgaagcgaagtcgaacgttctcccgctcgttcgcatcctgcacggccatcctgctgacgttccgcaatgggccaaaggcacaccggcctatttcgagccgcgacgcatcgcatag
>gene_58028|Replicase
atgggaaagacgctgcaagtggccgctgatcgggcctatgaccaatccaagaccgtgctgcccgccgaggtggcgcgcggggtctacatgcggaacgcgccaagtctgcgcgccctcaagctcatgcatctgatgatctccacggcgggcgggcgcatggcccaggacgtgcgccacgagatgcgcctctccgacattcggcgcatcgagggcatggcccaccacgaccgcgaaagcctcaagccgttgttcgaggaactgcgcgcggcggtgctgacctatgacgaccctcag
>gene_54760|Replication protein RepB
gccttgcagcaagccatcgccgaaatcaatcaactgtcccggctgaccctgaccgccacaccgcgcaagatcggtcgcaccgtcgctagcatcgagatcgcctggaccgtgaaggaagacccgacaccggccaagcgcgaactgtccgtctcgaaggtcggccggaaggcacggcgggacggcacggccgagacgctggcccccgagttccccgagaccggcggtatcgcctacagcccgcactggcgagatctgaagcggactgcgggctgcaccatggacgacagcctcatcgccacgaacttccgccgtttcctcaaggaacgcggcatcgcgcgcaacgcggccaacatcgagaagctgttttcggacttctgcgccaaggtcgggagggtctga
>gene_36155|Initiator replication protein
atgggaaagacgctgcaagtggccgctgatcgggcctatgaccaatccaagaccgtgctgcccgccgaggtggcgcgcggggtctacatgcggaacgcgccaagtctgcgcgccctcaagctcatgcatctgatgatctccacggcgggcgggcgcatggcccaggacgtgcgccacgagatgcgcctctccgacattcggcgcatcgagggcatggcccaccacgaccgcgaaagcctcaagccgttgttcgaggaactgcgcgcggcggtgctgacctatgacgaccctcaggccatgcgctacaccatcggcggcctgctcgatcaggccgtggtggactatcgccacgaactcagcggcgatgtgctggtctcgtggttcttcggccggatgttccgggacatggccgagcggtcgaatcactgggccattctcgaccggcagaccgtgttccacctgggcagcaagtattccgtgctgctgttccagcacatcgccagtctggccgggatggaccggatcgacgccaagacattcaccatcccggaactgcggaccctgttggcggtgccggagggcaagctggagagatttgcagacctgaatcgacgcgccttgcagcaagccatcgccgaaatcaatcaactgtcccggctgaccctgaccgccacaccgcgcaagatcggtcgcaccgtcgctagcatcgagatcgcctggaccgtgaaggaagacccgacaccggccaagcgcgaactgtccgtctcgaaggtcggccggaaggcacggcgggacggcacggccgagacgctggcccccgagttccccgagaccggcggtatcgcctacagcccgcactggcgagatctgaagcggactgcgggctgcaccatggacgacagcctcatcgccacgaacttccgccgtttcctcaaggaacgcggcatcgcgcgcaacgcggccaacatcgagaagctgttttcggacttctgcgccaaggtcgggagggtctga
>gene_31295|Initiator replication protein
atgggaaagacgctgcaagtggccgctgatcgggcctatgaccaatccaagaccgtgctgcccgccgaggtggcgcgcggggtctacatgcggaacgcgccaagtctgcgcgccctcaagctcatgcatctgatgatctccacggcgggcgggcgcatggcccaggacgtgcgccacgagatgcgcctctccgacattcggcgcatcgagggcatggcccaccacgaccgcgaaagcctcaagccgttgttcgaggaactgcgcgcggcggtgctgacctatgacgaccctcaggccatgcgctacaccatcggcggcctgctcgatcaggctgtggtggactatcgccacgaactcagcggcgatgtgctggtctcgtggttcttcggccggatgttccgggacatggccgagcggtcgaatcactgggccattctcgaccggcagaccgtgttccacctgggcagcaagtattccgtgctgctgttccagcacatcgccagtctggccgggatggaccggatcgacgccaagacattcaccatcccggaactgcggaccctgttggcggtgccggagggcaagctggagagatttgcagacctgaatcgacgcgccttgcagcaagccatcgccgaaatcaatcaactgtcccggctgaccctgaccgccacaccgcgcaagatcggtcgcaccgtcgctagcatcgagatcgcctggaccgtgaaggaagacccgacaccggccaagcgcgaactgtccgtctcgaaggtcggccggaaggcacggcgggacggcacggccgagacgctggcccccgagttccccgagaccggcggtatcgcctacagcccgcactggcgagatctgaagcggactgcgggctgcaccatggacgacagcctcatcgccacgaacttccgccgtttcctcaaggaacgcggcatcgcgcgcaacgcggccaacatcgagaagctgttttcggacttctgcgccaaggtcgggagggtctga
>gene_57170|Putative RepA protein
atgaaaacttctcccggccggttccccggcgatgtctaccgcaccgtcgattgcacttgggttcgcattgccgagctgtcgatggttcgcccgatggatcgggccagctaccactacaagggcctcgttacctgcggcaatgtctgggtttgcccgatctgctccgcgaaaattcaggagcggcggcggcaggaagtcgagcaggcgatcacctgggcaaaggagcaaggccgcgccggttacgtcgcatccttcaccttccctcaccggatcgatgagcccctgaaacagcttttgaagctgcaacgggcggcgctggcgcacatgcggagtagcaagggttaccggtctttgatggagcgctgcaagcacatcgggcgtattcggtcactggaagtcacccacggtcaaaacggctggcatccgcacacccacgaactgctgtttctcgaccccgaagttcctccggcttggcttcgggaagagcttgccgccttgtggcttaagtcctgcacgaaggtaggactattccgacctgggcgtgacaaaaaggatgacttcctgcgctactccgtggacgtccgcgccggggatgaaggcactgccgattacctggcgaagatggacgaccaacgtacctggggcttgtcgcacgaactcaccaagtcgagcagcaagcagggaaagcgtgccggcgtgcacccgttcaagctggccgaaaacagcgcaacggtggatctgtttctggaatacgtcgatgcgatgaagggacagcggcaattgatctggtcgcgtggcctgaaagatgccgttggcgtgcacgaaaaaacggacgatgaaattgcacgggaggaggtcgccaaggtcgccgatcaaatcccggtgagtgccgaggcttgggaggttgtcctgggcaacgatgcccgctgggagttgctccacgctgcggaaactggcggccgcccggccgtcgatgaatttctaaccctgcttggctacaaggaaccgatatga
>gene_55967|Replication initiation protein
ttgagagaaaaacatacaaccgaaaagggggttttctatttgttctacaatgagtatatcacgaattataaaataagtcaagctcagttcgataatataaccgatagcgtagaaagtaaaacgctgaaaagaataacgatacataagtcattcaatcggggaacgattgaaaatcttatttcattaggacagttacgaaaggcttcaaatatagatagctgtgcaacttttattgaaatacagaaagattctcacgacattgaacgaataactagagcaaatttctgcagagaccgactctgttcaatttgtgcgtggcgaagacaggcgagattcctcgcaacaaccgagccagcacttagaaaaatagacatagaaacaagcgggaaagctcaatatatatttgttacgctgacagtaaaaaattgccctgcgggcgaattaaaacagaatatatcgaatattctcaaagcgtgggacaggctttataaaagaaaaccttttgcaaatatggcactaggttgtattcggtcggtagaggttacgtataatcagctcacggaagaataccacccgcatttgcacgctttagtgcttgtaagaaacgaatattttcaaaaggagaattatattagcgaggataaattatcggccctgtggcaacattgtttgaatgtagaatacaatcctattgtaaatatcgaagcggttaagcagagaaatgcaggacagtcagcggtagtctccgcttctcttgaagttatgaagtattcacttaaaacaaaagattatgcagtatcgccagaggtaacagaaacattattttacgctttgcacggcaggagacttataagctttagcggagttatcgcaaaagcaagaaaagagcttgcatttgtcgacttatatgaggactctctaacagacgatattatagagcaacccgaagcaagaagagagctttatttattctctgcaagcggttggaaaattataatgcaggaaaatgcctag
>gene_31089|Replication protein
cagaaagattctcacgatattgaacgaataactagagcaaatttctgcagagatcgactatgttcaatttgtgcgtggcgtagacaggcgagattccttgctacaaccgagcctgcacttagaaaaatagatatagaaacaagcgggaaagctcaatatatatttgttacgctgacagtaaaaaattgccctgcgggcgaattaaaacagaatatatcgaatattctcaaagcgtgggacaggctttataaaagaaaaccttttgcaaatatggcactaggttgtattcggtcggtagaggttacgtataatcagctcacggaagaatatcaccctcatttgcacgctttagtgcttgtaaggaacgaatattttcaaaaggagaattatattagcgaggataaattatcggccctgtggcaacattgtttgaatgtagaatacaatcctattgtaaatatcgaagcggttaagcagagaaatgcaggacagtcagcggtagtctccgcttctcttgaagttatgaagtattcacttaaaacaaaagattatgcagtatcgccagaggtaacagaaaccttattttacgctttgcacggcaggcgacttataagctttagcggagttatcgcaaaagcaagaaaagagcttgcatttgtcgacttatatgaggactctctaacagacgatattatagagcaacccgaagcaagaagagagctttatttattctctgcaagcggttggaaaattataatgcaggaaaatgcctag
>gene_54130|Replication protein
atgaaagataaaaagaagagcgcccagcccggcaaggctgaagcgctcgcaaaagacaagaatttgctcctcttgtcctttaaagataacacggaagtagagataaagcaacactttgagcctaaaaagattcagagtgaaaaacttcgagatgtgtattttgaactgggtttagaaaagcgtgcagtgcgtgttgatggttgcggctcttatcttgagtggcatatacaggaaaatgtgcaaaagctcgctcatgcaaatttttgtaaagatagactttgccctatgtgtggttggcgcaggtctttaaagatttttgggcaggcttctcaagttatgaattcgctagaatcgaaaggctatagatttctttttttgactttaacagttaaaaattgttctggtgaggatttgggtaaaacgctttcacatatgcaaaaggcgtgggagcgtatgcttcacagaaagaggttacgcggtttagtcgttggtacattccgtgcaattgaggttacatataatcgcgaaacgggtgagtttcaccctcattatcatattattttagctgttttacctgattattttcataagggatatgtgaaacaagctgaatggagccaaatttggcgcgaatgctgtaaattggattatcagccaatcattgatgttcgcgcggttacggataaaaataagggcgtttctggtgctgttcgtgagattgctaagtattctgtcaaaagtacagattatttgcagggaacatggtcagagcgttctaaagttgttgaacatttgttatcttcattgacacagaggaagcttattagctggactggttgttttctggaggctgtaaaacagctaaatcttgatgatgttgaagatggcgatctggttcatgttgatacatcagagcttcggccagatgtttcatactttatcgtgcggtggcaatggaaagctggctgctatcaacgggggaatgttgagcgcgtttctcctattgacggctga
>gene_18881|Replication protein
atgaaagacaaaaagaagagcgcccagcccggcaaggctgaagcgctcgcaaaagacaagaatttgctcctcttgtcctttaaagataacacggaagtagagataaagcaacactttgagcctaaaaagattcagagtgaaaaacttcgagatgtgtattttgagctgggtttagaaaagcgtgcagtgcgtgttgatggttgtggctcttatcttgagtggcatatacaggaaaatgtgcaaaagctcgctcatgcaaatttctgcaaagatagactttgccctatgtgtggttggcgcaggtctttaaagatttttgggcaggcttctcaagttatgaatttgcttgaatcgaaaggctatagatttctttttttgactttaacagttaaaaattgttctggtgaggatttgggtaaaacgctttcacatatgcaaaaggcgtgggagcgtatgcttcacagaaagaggttacgcggtttagtcgttggtacattccgtgcaattgaggttacatataatcgcgaaacgggtgagtttcaccctcattatcatattattttagctgttttacctgattattttcataagggatatgtgaaacaagctgaatggagccaaatttggcgcgaatgctgtaaattggattatcagcctataattgatgttcgcgcggttacggataaaaataagggcgtttctggtgctgttcgtgagattgctaagtattcggttaaaagtacagattacttgcagggtacatggtcagagcgttctaaaattgttgagtatttgctatcttcattgacgcagagaaaacttattagttggactggttgttttctggaagctgtaaagcagctgaatcttgatgatgttgaagatggcgatctggttcatgttgatacatcagagcttcggccagatgtttcatattttatcgtgcggtggcaatggaaagctggctgctatcaacgggggaatgttgagcgcgtttctcctgttgacggctga
>gene_33032|Replication protein
atgaaagacaaaaagaagagcgcccagcccggcaaggctgaagcgctcgcaaaagacaagaatttgctcctcttgtcctttaaagataacacggaagtagagataaagcaacactttgagcctaaaaagattcagagtgaaaaacttcgagatgtgtattttgagctgggtttagaaaagcgtgcagtgcgtgttgatggttgtggctcttatcttgagtggcatatacaggaaaatgtgcaaaagctcgctcatgcaaatttctgcaaagatagactttgccctatgtgtggttggcgcaggtctttaaagatttttgggcaggcttctcaagttatgaatttgcttgaatcgaaaggctatagatttctttttttgactttaacagttaaaaattgttctggtgaggatttgggtaaaacgctttcacatatgcaaaaggcgtgggagcgtatgcttcacagaaagaggttacgcggtttagtcgttggtacattccgtgcaattgaggttacatataatcgcgaaacgggtgagtttcaccctcattatcatattattttagctgttttacctgattattttcataagggatatgtgaaacaagctgaatggagccaaatttggcgcgaatgctgtaaattggattatcagcctataattgatgttcgcgcggttacggataaaaataagggcgtttctggtgctgttcgtgagattgctaagtattcggttaaaagtacagattacttgcagggtacatggtcagagcgttctaaaattgttgagtatttgctatcttcattgacgcagagaaaacttattagttggactggttgttttctggaagctgtaaagcagctgaatcttgatgatgttgaagatggcgatctggttcatgttgatacatcagagcttcggccagatgtttcatattttatcgtgcggtggcaatggaaagctggctgctatcaacgggggaatgttgagcgcgtttctcctgttgacggctga
>gene_43271|Replication protein
atgaaaattataatccagcccggggaagttgtcaacatagcgatagcagaaaacaccggggaaacactttctaagccaaatttgagtaaatgggaggaaaaaaagaagattatacctcagattgcagagaaaatagcccttgtgggctataaattaagaggtgaacggatgaaacagtgtgcacaagaactacagtatgattactgcttagactgccataagtacgagatacggcgcgcaaacctctgccgcgaccgcttctgcccggtttgtacatggcggttggcacttcaaaggtatgcgaacatgtcgcatgtgatgaacgagctacaaaagacgcacccaggcgcggcttttgagttcgtgacactcacggttcgcaactgccgcccgtgcgatttaacgctgacgcttaatcgcatggcggcggcatggaaccgtatcatgtcacgccgcaccgcgaaacgccttttcccggggtgggcgcggtcactggaagtcacgtataacgcagagcgaaacacattccacccgcactatcatgtaatagtaatgctcgcggaagatataaccgactccggggaatggctgatcgacaggtggttagaagataaggacacagacgcgctagacaaagcccaaaaagcgataaagattcagcccaccgccatcacggaaagcacagcagaagccgcagaagccgccgcgataacaggcgcggtacttgaaacatttaagtacacggtaaagagcaaagacatacaggacatgccgcttggcacgttccgggagcttataatacatatgggagcgcgtagaatggtttcctttggtggggttatccgcaaaacggctcaggaattgcgggtagaaatggaagaagtaaccgacaatacagaaacaagggtttgtaggcattgccagtctgcaaacgtggggcgcatggtagccacatggtcagggttcggatacgtgtggagcagtccgtcagggagtcaagcggaaagcgcgtag
>gene_56153|Mobilization protein
ttgcaggagtacagcaagacgcacatggacggcttgaaagatgcgagcggacggaagctccgtaaagatgctgttgcgatgtgtgccacggtgttgaagcccccagccgttatgatgaacgctttgccccattctgagcaggtgcggtttttggacgactgttttaccgtctttgcagacattgtaggacgggataatgtgaagagccgtgcagaccactttgacgagattggagcgcatacccatgttttctgggagcctatgaccaaggacggcagactgtgcgcgaaagaagtccataacctgcagttctttggacgggtaaaccgcgaacttccccagcggttgcgtgccctgggctgggatatcgaagactgtgagatgtatgatgcagccaaggagaactacgagcaagagaagaagaagagcggtagaagctcagttgcgtacaaggcggaagcagaagccaagaagaatgaattagtccaagagattggacagttagagcagacacaggaagcccttgtgaatgagatccgagagaaagaagaagcccttaacacggttgcagagcccgtaggacggcttgagacagcccaagagatagagggtagagcggaacacaagacaaccacattcaagcgtacagaggttgttgtactgccccgtgctgactatgaagaattgttgagaggatataaacattctgccgttgttgatattcagaatgacaccgttatagacaaactggatacactggaagccaagtataacaaacttttggagcggttcaaccttatcttgcaagaacagcgtttgttgaagcaacggaacaagatactggaaggacaacttgccgaggtaaactctctttgggatttgtgtaaagtctttctccgttctcttaacctttgggagcgttttaaggactggttagacaaacaagaagagcttaaacgcatagacaagcagattgcccgtgtacatcaacgctgggacgatttggacaggtaa
>gene_48657|Putative replication protein
atgagaactgaattagttgtaaaagataatgccctaattaacgccagttataacttagatttggtagagcaacgattaatacttttagccattattgaggctagagaatcaggaaaagggattaacgctaatgaccctttaactgtccatgcagaaagctatataaatcagtttaacgtacatagaaatggggcttacaaagcccttaaagatgcttgtgatgacctattcgagcgtagattcagttaccaaagcctaagtgaaaaaggaaatattcaaaaccataaggcacgttgggtcagtgaaatcatttatgtagaaaaagaagctgtagttaaattaatattttcatcagctattatcccattaattactaggctggaagcacaatttactagctatgaaatagatcagattagcggtttaaatactggttatgctatacgcctttacgaattacttatcgcatggcgtagtacagggaaaactcccgttattgatattcaggattttagaaaaaaactaggtgttttagattcagaatacagccgttttaataattttaaagtccgtgtattagacccatcaatcaagcaaatcaatgaaaatacagatataactatcaaggtagagcaacataaaacgggacgttcagttacagggttttcattccgattcaaacaaaaagtacagccaaaagtagaacaaaaagccgacccgaaacgagatccaaacacacctgatttctttgtcgaaatgaccgatgcacaacgacttttgttcgcacacaaattatctgaactgcccgaagttggtagcgaatatgcagagatcggagagtcagccgaagactttacgaaacgccttgcagacatgcttttagagccaaaaaaattcaggatgttttatccgctactggaacagctcggctttggttctaaaaaaatccaatctgcaccaattaaacaggtcgatgaacctaagtttttagattttccaaatatgcagatc
>gene_17662|Rep
atgcaaaaatatgatatcataacggttgatttaagtcaaccgttaaacgatacgcagcgcgatctgcgcgcgcggccttggcgcgagcacaaagacaatgcaacgcttttagcatcggcatatatgatgacaggcgatacaagcagggcaaacagagtgttgggatgtgctccgcggttactgtatgaagaagatgcggacggaaacaaaaagctgcacacggcatggttttgccgtgtgcgaatgtgcccaatatgccaatggagaagaagcttgaaaatatacgggcagacagcgcaaatcatcgaagcggcggcg
>gene_14273|Protein rep
ttgttaagtcaagaagaattatctcacagattgcaagatttttcaagtactggtaatgagattgactgggctaaatataagagaaatagccttataatctccgagagtatgtttcgcagcggattgaaaaagcgtgcttataatctcaagtattgtggcactcatcttacttttgcagaaacaatgtccgaccgattgaaattgattgaagctgacttttgtaaagatagactttgcccaatgtgtacatggagacggagtttaaaactatttgggcagacttcgaagcttatggagtatatcaagtctaaagagaaagtcaggtatgtgtttttaactcttacggttaaaaactgtgaaggtaaagacctctcacaaatgattgatgaattagtgcaaggcttttcccgattgatgagaaggaaagaagttaaagacaatatcattggagcttgtaggcagattgaagttactttcaattcgaatccttacagtaagagctttcaaactttccaccctcatttgcatattatcttagccgttcgcccgtcatatttcagtagaaag
>gene_51410|Rep
ttgttaagtcaagaagaattatctcacagattgcaagatttttcaagtactggtaatgagattgactgggctaaatataagagaaatagccttataatctccgagagtatgtttcgcagcggattgaaaaagcgtgcttataatctcaagtattgtggcactcatcttacttttgcagaaacaatgtccgaccgattgaaattgattgaagctgacttttgtaaagatagactttgcccaatgtgtacatggagacggagtttaaaactatttgggcagacttcgaagcttatggagtatatcaagtctaaagagaaagtcaggtatgtgtttttaactcttacggttaaaaactgtgaaggtaaagacctctcacaaatgattgatgaattagtgcaaggcttttcccgattgatgagaaggaaagaagttaaagacaatatcattggagcttgtaggcagattgaagttactttcaattcgaatccttacagtaagagctttcaaactttccaccctcatttgcatattatcttagccgttcgcccgtcatatttcagtagaaagattatgatcagccaaaaaaaatggcgtgaaatgtgggcggagtgtatgaaaattgactatgaccctcaagttgatattcaggctattaagttagggaaaaacgaaaatgaagaaacaaaggaacaagaaaaagccgtcgcagagctttccaagtatcctgttaaaatggattcattgattaacattgatgaagcttttcaggatattcaggattacggtatttacaatatggctgtaggtttagtgaataagagattgatagagtactacggcatatttagaaaataccgcagagagttaaagcttgaggatattgaaaacggcgaccttgttagcactgatattcaggataatgacaatgaagagcttactggagttatccgcaaatatcaatggcgtattggtttttatattgagtgtgaagaacactcaccagtagagttttag
>gene_14277|Protein rep
atgatcagccaaaaaaaatggcgtgaaatgtgggcggagtgtatgaaaattgactatgaccctcaagttgatattcaggctattaagttagggaaaaacgaaaatgaagaaacaaaggaacaagaaaaagccgtcgcagagctttccaagtatcctgttaaaatggattcattgattaacattgatgaagcttttcaggatattcaggattacggtatttacaatatggctgtaggtttagtgaataagagattgatagagtactacggcatatttagaaaataccgcagagagttaaagcttgaggatattgaaaacggcgaccttgttagcactgatattcaggataatgacaatgaagagcttactggagttatccgcaaatatcaatggcgtattggtttttatattgagtgtgaagaacactcaccagtagagttttag
>gene_44009|Rep
atggaaaaaactttatccgcattttctcaaaaagacaagtcctggcggcagcataaatctgaagctgaacgagccagggagattctttttaaatcccctcattttcgtagccgttcagaacggatgtcagactgtggtaaagtcttgcaatttgggctttttgaggccgaagggcaagagcctagccttcatttgcttcatgctaaattttgtcatgttaggggctgtccaatttgtgagtggcggcgttctttgctttggaaatctcgtcttttaaatgcactgcccagcgtgatgagcgaagcccctaaaaattcacgctggatttttttaactcttacagtgaaaaattgttcactgtctgatttgcgtgaaactttgaaaacaatgtcatcagcctggaatcgttttagagattatgaattaatgggtgatgtggtaggctgggttagaaaaactgaaataacgaaaggatcagatgggacagtgcatccccattttcatgttttagctttggtacggcctgaatattttaaatctggttatgttactcaagaaaaatgggcagaaggctggaaacgtgcaatgcgccttgattacacacctattgttgatattcgtgtggtcaaaaatcgtaaaattgatgttaatggtaaagctgaaaatttgcctctttatggtattaaagaaactttaaaatatacgacaaaattttcacagcttttgaatgatgaagactggtttttaaattatcttgaccaagttaaaaaattgcgtttgatagcaacaggaggcttgcttaaagatattttgaaagatgataatgaaacagatgatgattttataaatgttgatgaaatgtctaatgaagaaaaagagagaatttcagagaaaattttaacttttttttggagtggtggaaaaagaggtaattattttttacaagaagaaagatatgcagatgatagaattatgacggtatatttacaaaggttgcgaagtaaaaaagaataa
>gene_57185|Initiator RepB protein
atggctattaagcgcaataatctggtagagaagagaaacgtgctgaatgagatccgccgcaacaacatgacgttgcaggaaatgcggtttttcagcatttatctttctaagattaacgccagagaaatttctacacgcaaggtctcgtttcccctggaagactttcgccggataatggaaatcggccgaatgaatattaaccattttcaagctgtaacgaacagcttgcttggcaaggttgtgaacgttaaagatgataatggtggctataccggtttccaactttttaagcgctgcaaggtctttaaggacgagtttgaccaatggcacgtggaaattgatgctcatgatgatgcgttgccattaatgtttgattttaaaagagattactttacatacgagctttggaacgccttaaggttgaaatcgagcaatcagcttcggatgtatgaactgctgaagcagtacgaaaaatccggagaacgtcggttgcctcttccggagcttaagcagctgcttggcctggcagcagatgattatccgcgctgggataattttaaaaggcgtattttggatagctgccaagaggcattgctagagaatacggatatttgttttgagtacacgcctataaaggttggcagaaaaataaccggcgttcattttatcatcaagaagaacgatgactacgtggatcagctgacgttggacgaatttattgacatgcaggatatagacgagtccgacaatgaaccggtgcttctgaatgaagccgggaaagatttaagtatctatgcagcagtccttccagatgggctgacggcagatgaaattgaagtgctgcgttcgcttgctcttaatcatatagactatgatccgttcggagctatgccgatggaagttagaattgcggattacctcagaagcaaggtaagactgatgaaggcacaaaaaacaccggtaacaaatgtgttcggatggcttcgaaaagccgtatctgaagattggcagtga
>gene_20566|Mobilization protein
ttgaaagaattaaagaatgttggtaaagaggcatacagagagcagacaacaaaaccttacaaaaattttgtagatgctactcgtacaaaagaaaattattcgtataattatgattcatcatctgcaatgttgaaagcgataaaaaaacgaatacttgatattttgaatggtgaggatccgaaacaaggaacgaaggtcggatcctgggcgatcacttgtccgaaggaactgaaggataatccgaaactgacaagattgttttttgatactacaaaggagtttcttgaggaacgatatggtaaagaaaatttaattgatatggttgttcatatggatgaaactacaccacatgctactgcatacattgttcctgaggctatttcaagaaaatcaggtaaaaagacagtttcaacagcatcatgttttacaagaaaagaccttcaaacatttcataatgattttgatagacattgtgaagcggtgtttggtgttagcggtctggtaaagaatggtcaaacaaaggatgctaaagacatgaaggacttaaagcagaaaactatgagggagttgcaacaggagaatgaacgattatctgctattgtagaagctcaggagacgcatatacaggctttagagacacaggtgaaagagttgcaggcaagagtatctgagacaccttctcgggcttctcagaagcctcagaagacttcagagaccgttaggacacaggagaagacggaagaggctctgaggggctctgagagccatcagaagcctcaggtctttcgacctcagaaggcttctttgctcttttcatatatgcgtgctgccgagaaaggcgataaggaagtaatgcatcataacaagaaaatgtatgagacatattttccagaaagtaatttcgagaccgagtatgagcgttacaaagcggatcagcgtgagaaacgtgtgcgtcagtcaagtacgattactattaggacagacgaccgccagggcgactaccaaagggagtag
>gene_43865|plasmid replication protein
atgtgggggaaagaaaaagcccgtgctgtcgccaaacattacacgggctttcaaaacaagttaacaatgcaacaatacaccgaaaacgcattccttgcaaccttaccaaagaaaccctattgcacaaacgaccttttttttggtctgaaaatacgacctgcagagcaggcaatcaaaatgcggtatgttcagccgaacagtccgacagacttgcgttggctcgtttatgatgtggacagacagtctgcacactacgattggcaagatgtacacgcaccaactccgaatttcactgtaatgaaccccgaaaacgggcacgctcacttgttctatggtcttgaaatgcccgttttcatgcagatgggggcgagaaagaaccccatccgctatgtatcaagcattgatgttgctctgactaaaacgcttcaagctgacgaacagtatgcaaagctcatatcaaaaaacccgttccacaagtcttggactacgcatttttggcggtcggacagttacgacttggacgagttagccgattggttggacttgtccggcttccaagatcagcggaaacgcttgccgtccgttggtcttggaagaaactgcaatctgttcgactgtacaaggtattgggcttacaaggcgatacgggaacccgttcagaattatctgttcgaggaaatgtacgggaaaaaggattttgtggagcggtgcatagaatatgcagcgctgcataatcacttcccaggtaattcccagggaaattgcctgggagaacgggaagtctacgcaatcggaaagtcggtcggctcatgggtcttcgaacacatgagcccacaaggcttccaagaatgggcgcagaagcgtcgggaacgctctatccaagttagacaccaattaagcgataaaagacgctctgaagcccttattttgcgctctaacggactgaaacaggctgacatagccctgaaacttggattaaatcagtctcaagtttcacggttgctccgtaaataa
>gene_13579|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgacaacctcaatcagatgcacaagcgataaagcaaaggggggtggattttctcaaaagcacaatcggagagataagaaaacaatagagagggagagagaaagagaactccgcctcggaatagaacctcatatcaaggacaatgaaaattatgtcatcattcaagacatagacattaaagaggcttatgaggctctctttgaagatgcgatagaggactacaataaaaaggtggaatcccatggacacaaggagaggagaatcgaatcggcagaagcctactataacaagattaagaatgaccctgataaaaggacttcgtatgagattatagttcaagtcggcagtaaagaggacactgctgatgaggagactctaatgaatatatacaacgattatctgcaaggttggctcaaggaatatccaaatttaaagataataggggcatattaccatggagacgaaaccacacctcatttacatatagactatattccaatagcagagaagaatcagaggggcatggcttgtcaagtttcccaaaaaggagcatttagggaaatgggaatagagggaacaggcagacaagatacggctcaaatggtatggcaaagaatggaatacgataggctcaatgagatatgtgaggggtacggcttggagattaagaatcctcaatcacacaaggctcatacagaccaaagagtgtatcacaatcagaatatgatagaggagcagaataagaggcttgcagaggcaaatacaaggcttacagagttaaagtggctgaccaaaggacaaagggaaatctatgaggacttacagaag
>gene_4440|Replication initiator protein A domain protein (Fragment)
atggaaacaaacaaacattgccgtcactatctccattatagaggatttgacgaaaaaaggcaataccttccgttgtttgtcaagcagattttacgcgcacagctaattgctgggcgcttttattttcgtcaggagggtatcaggatggcttatatcatggacagcgcagacgttgcacgcacttgtagcatcagccggacagcggcagatctctacataaagctccagaagatcctatacagcagcatcaaaggaggcgtgaaggatcgccggggctactatgtgtatgcatcgcaaaaaactcttgctgagaagatcgcaaggtctgagcgcaccgtctccagagctatcaaggaactgaaggacgcggggcttattcaggtacgccgcacccggcataacgggcatatttatttagatcttgatggcgtatctagatacgacaaaaatggcgaatctaatataagccctaaaagtgaaaaatattatgaatctgtctatctcaataaagtgcatcagaagcaggaagagcttgcaaagaagatggcaacggcgcagcggatcagcccgcagccagcgtctgttgtgcaggatccacaccaagaaaatagcaaaaatggctataccgcgccgaagggatgccctacgcccaagcgcccgaggatcacgaaggaggccaaagctcagaagcgtgccgagtaccgagcatttcttgctaagcgtttggaactggacaagcctatgagttatttgatggatgagctcgggaaagaatatgattcgtacagcgctctggttgatatgatcgctgatgcagcatcctcggaaagggctaggatagccataggaggacgttatcttactggtgcagaatattgggatgtcgtgaaaaacattgagctacaaggcttatatgagctcctacaacgcataggggatgcagatataaccaccgggattaaaaatacaagagcatatacccttgcagccgtctacaatgaggtcatgttt
>gene_17049|Putative MOB protein
atgtcagacataaagcgccttgtcaatgagtgggaacgagatgacaagtacgtatgtcgtgatgggcgaattgatgcaacgagaacaccggacaattatcgtcttggtcgttccgccccgttggagcagttgttgcagtcaaggctgtccgatgtaacgcattcaaaccggaaagatttgaatgtgctgtcaagctgggttgtgacgtgcccacaagagctggtcggagacccagcaaaagaggctcgtttctttgagctggcctatgagtttatgcaagaccggtacggtagtgagaacgtgcttcaagcgtatattcataacgatgaaaccacgcctcatggtcactttggtgttatgcctgtcaaggatggcagggtaagcagtaaggctgtttttacaagacaggaattgcggtcagtacatgaggacttcgataggatttgcgagagagcattcggacagaagggtcttatcaagaatggccggactaaagggaattttacagtgaaggagctcaaggaacggagcaggcaggctcaggcgcaagaggtgttgcaggaagaagcaactgcaaccgcacaacgttacttgtctcttaaaaccgctcagaaggccgtagaaagcgatttgagcgcactttcggaaaaagctgataaaatacgcaatgagcttgaaaacgcttctgaggggcttctgacggtctcagaggccgatgttattgcctatctcaaaatttgcaagggttcggacggcaaaaccgcatatgagcattatagcgaaaaagcggttgagtataagcgtaagacgttgcggcgtgaagctgcggcagtctcgaaggtgcaggagaaggcaaagccgaagcctgctccgcagagatcgccgcatagtcagcaacttagcagggctgaaacggttgatgagatattggccgctgtcggctataagccggcaccggtattgcgtgaggtagatacaagcaacagtgagcgacaaagacaggccggagagtaa
>gene_55270|Rep protein
atggagttgtccagaaaccaatatatcaccagaaaggaactttcgaaaatgaagcccctgtatttagattctaccacaggcgaagtgtattgtcaagaggacatcgaactcgcagacggtaaaaggaactggagcgaacgtaaaaaaatgtctttggatgtagcaagtcttatgcggcagtatgaccgcgaacgctcggaaaaaatccgccagtgcggtacatatcttgagtttgcagttgctccggaaggacgaaagcttcaccatgcaaacttctgccgcgagcggatgtgtcctatgtgccaatggcggcgtacgattaaattgcgtgttcaggctgataggatttatgcggcggaaacggcgcgaggatatcagcacatttttgttacgctgaccatgcgcaatatggtcggatcggaattgtcgccggctctcgatcagatgtgtgcggcgtttgcaaagtggacgcgtcacaaggcgtttaaggcgtcgttcctcgggtattaccgcgcgatcgaggtgacgcataatgatacggatgatacgtatcatccgcatattcatgtgatgcttactgtatcggatgattatttccgtccggataatccggattattggacgcatgatcgaattatggatacgtggcgcgcgctccttgaactggactatgatccgatggtacacgtggaaggcgtacgcccgaaggaaggtcagacgatcacggctgcatgcgtcgagctgtgtaagtatccgacaaagtctgcacagctgaagagcagttttgttctgcagacggttgattatgcgcttcggaaccggcggctgattcaatggggcggtttgactgcggacatccggcgcgaactgcagctggacgatattgagtccggcaatctgatccacacggacgacgctacggcggacggtgtggatctgccgacggtaacttatgtgtggcggcatggtttttattgcccgatggatcttaagacgttgatcggatcttaa
>gene_45349|Replication-associated protein VP4
atgtcttgtgaacgtccattagcacgaattgaagattataacggcagagtgacctttgaaagcccaagctttggcgatgctgaacagttgaaaaaatggcacaaaagactagacaataacggctatgtaaaaaatgtatcgatgataccttgtaaaaggtgtatcggttgtaggttagactatgccaaagaatgggctaataggatagttctagaaacaataagttatgaatataactactttttaacactaacatatgatgacgaacatctacacaaagtagcgagaataaacgaagatgatatggtaaccggtataagtacaacactagataaaaaagatatatcagactttttcaaaaggttacgaagatattacgaataccactacaaccaaaacgacataaaatattatgcttgtggtgaatatggaagtacaacagaaaggccacactatcacgcaatagtttttaacttacctattgaggatatggaataccatagtaaaagcaagtcaggtaacccacagttcactagtaaaatacttgatgaaatatggggaaaaggatttgttacaataggacaagttaactggaatagtgcatcatatgttgcaagatatgtaatgaaaaagcgttacggaaaggacgcagaacagtactacgaaagtataggtaaattaccggagtttgtgacgatgtcgcttaagccagcaataggcaaaaaatattatgatgaacacaaacacgaaatatacaaacacgatgagatatttataccttgtaaaggtggtacaaaggctataaagccaccggcttatttcgacgaactgtatcaggacgagtatccaaacgaatttgagaaggtacagagaaaacgcagagaaacaaaccggacaaatacaatattgaatgctgaaaaactaggaacagtaaacaatattcaaagacagagagaaattaaagcgagaaatttagataagaaatcgcaattcctagtaagagaactataa
>gene_27077|Replication protein
atgagaaattatggtaaaccgtccgaccaatgtgccagttatttggctaaagaaagctttctgcagtcttgttacaaacaggtaagttctatggacttttaccgtgatttattcagtaaaggttccctgcaacctatgggaactgagggtgatggtcgtggttgtgcgatatttcgttttacgcctgataaagcaacctacaagaagctgagagataggattcgtggtgagctgagagaagagatatggagagattctgacgctcttatgcaacacttcgcaagtttatttgatgctttgccagtagatagtatggatgaactgaatcgtcgttatgatgagcttgataaggcatttagtgcaggaatttatcataaaccgtatcagccaatcgaaacaaagtggaagtttgaccagagagtccatgatgatttgtcggaactgggcgaggcaatgggtaaaagatttgctattatggctccgatttcctactacggtaaaaaggcgaatgctacaaacgctcgatatttacatgccattaccttagaccttgatggtgttggtatgccacagctcaggaacttaaacgcagccattacaaataaactgattccagctcctacttatctcgtcaattcaggtcacggtttacacttatattacctgctcgaagagccagttccgctttataaatatacaagagctcctattacaaagctgaagaatgctcttatcgatgagctctggaatgcgaaaacaagtaccattcaagggcataaagatgaccagccttggtgtcaaatgtatcgtgttgtcggctctttatcaaagttaggtactggctatcctgcgacagcttataaagtcggcaattacacttccttagaagcgttaaatgattatcttctggaggatgaaagaattcagttgcctctggagaagtatcgtcctactggcacatctggtcatgacctcgaatactggaaggttcataatcctgactggtat
>gene_26492|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggggttacttttgacaaaagtaacaaaacttgctatgataatagcaagtgaagacggaggcgcgaggcgtatgggtaagactatttcgcattgtcagggcaagggaagcattgctcataataaccggctattcaagtgtaaaaatgtagatccggaacgtacaaaggataatgttacatttgttaaacagtcggtcggtgatgcttatgagcattgctttggtgaggcagtgaaaaattataatgacaaacaaaagcgtaaggatagacgagttgacgagaattattttcgtgagctttttggtcgtgatgcttgtaatactgtttgcactggtaccaataagcaaaagtctttttatgaggatttggtgcaagttggtgatatgaatgatagcggtattggcacggctgacgctgaaaaagtaaaagccgttcttattgcatattggcaagggttccaggagcgtaaccctaacctttatgtttttaattctgttttacatatggacgaggctacaccacacctacatattgactggataccgttggggcattataagcgcggtttgtctgttcagaacggtctggctcaagcattaaaggagcaaggctttggagacggtatcaatgctgttagtcgttggcgtgaatctgaacgacaggttttagaggctatttgtaaggagcatggtattgaggttgagcctccgaaaaagtcaagaggttcattatcagtagaggcttataaagagttaaaagatattgaaaaacagattgctgcagcacgttcggaactgtctgaaatcaatgatatgcttgaccaggttaaggctctgaaaaatgatattgagcaccctgcagatgttctgaataaggctaaacctaaacgttttcatagtgatattgccgaagttccttataatgttcttcgtgactgtttggatactatgaaacaagcaaaggttgacgcttttgacttacgtggtgaggtctgcagtcttaatacc
>gene_51199|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgttatttgtggctaatgtaaagaaatatactaaatctgcgatgggtcatttattttctcatttcgaaagagctcgtgattcggaaggtaactatgttaagttcggaaatcaggatattgacccttcgagaactcatttaaattataaccttgctgataatcttcattctcttagtcaattagattttatacataaaaggctttcgcaagtatattgtcttaataggtctgatgttaatgttatgtgttcttgggttattacagctccaaaagatttacctgcagaaacacacgattcttttttcgaagcttcgtttgattttctttgcgaaagatatggagctgataatgtcataagttcatacgttcataaagatgagcactctgatcatatgcattttgcttttgttccggttgcttatgataagaaaaaagaccgtttcaaagtttctgctaaagatgtcatttctaagtctgaccttaatagttttcatattgatttagaggcttatttagaaaaatctttaggcttccgagttaacatgttaaatgaagccactaaagacggaaataaggctataaaagagcttaagagtgaaagtgctattgaagaattaaaagagcgtgagaatgcaattttgaagctcacagagataaaagaaaatatatcttttattgatgatatagaaattaaaaaaaattggctttctaaatctgttactatttccgcagccgattgggaattagttgtaaactcttataaaaaagctcatgttaattctttaattttaagtgatactattaaaactcttgatgagcttaaggctaaattagagagctatagaatgccttatatcgaattacagaaaaactattattctgagattagaaaaaatcagaagcttagatcttccgaaaagatttatcgtgattttattaaatccagaggtcttgaaagtgagttttcgtcttttaaagtaaaagctattgaccgccagcgtgacaggtag
>gene_969|Replication protein
atgatatcacagggtaatgcgaatgtcaagcagccggaggaaaagacgctgcaacaacagtggtcagataacaaagtgcgcgcggttgccatgtcgcagcgcatgtcacagtggtcacacctcaaatcgcgcgcggcgcgtatgatgcattgcggtgacatgtgcattgcatcttattgcccgacatgcggaaaagtgcattacatatcagcggcaatgtgccgggacaggctttgcccgctgtgtcaatggcgcttgtcccgggcgcgctataaagagatgctcaaggtctttgacttcctcgcggatgatatgacgctgcaagatgttcatgcgtcaatgttaacattgacgctcaaaaactgttcaattcagcatctttcgggggttctcaaggcaatcacgaacgcatggcgcgaaatgtcaaagcgggttgcagtaaagcaatgttacggatgggcgcggaacattgaaatcacgtataaccgcgagacaaaaacctatcacccgcatatacatgtcttgcttttgtggtacgggtggaacgataaggcagcaactcaagcagccgcggacatgatgcgcgagtggcggaagcagctcggcttgacataccgcccggtatgcgaccataaagcagcctacgtaaagcacatcgcggatgatacagtatctgtcgagcggaattacagcatcaaaaaggagctttccgccccggcaattgcggcggcaaaagagtgctcgaagtacgtattgaagctcgatgaagtcgcacatgctcccgatgaggacttgccgcttttagcggaagcaatccgcggtgttcgctttgttgggtacggtggcgcgataaagcgcgcccgggcgctgcttggtatgcagtccgatgagggcacggaaacggacgagcacgaccaatgcgggcaatgttccgcccggctaaaatctgcggttatggtctgggcaggcggagcgtatgccctttataacgatgagggggtgaagatgtga
>gene_5568|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atgacacgggctgaacgcttcggaacggcttatatcaacaagcaaggaaaaatatcatacgaatatgatttctttagctgggaagaatacgagcaagcaccgaaagtatacgacatgaaataccgaaaaatacaaatggtaccatgtggaaaatgtataggatgcagactcgactattccagacaatgggcaaatcgtatcatgctagaatgcaaagaaagacctatcaatacatgctggtttgtgactctaacctacaatcccgaaaatctacctataaaccaagtaatgaacgaagacacaggcgaaataatcacaggaaacacgctagtcaaagaacatttatccaaatttatgaaagacctgcgaaggtattgggaataccattacaaacaatctggaataaaattctttggttgtggagaatacgggggagatacaaagagaccacactatcacatagctattatgggtatgctcctagacccaatggaactaaagccatacaaagatacagaaaacggaagactttggatttgggaagaaggagcaaaattatggggtaagggttacgttgtaatcggtagactcgaatgggacagtgccgcatacgtggcaagatatatcatgaaaaaacagaaaggtcctgcagccgaaaactactatacaagcaaggccattataccagaattcgtcaacatgtctaggcgaccaggaattgcacgcgaatattacgagaaacacaaagacgaaatttaccgcgacgataaaatcgttctcacctctggacacgacgtaatagaagcaaaaccaccaaaatactacgacaagttatacgacatcgaagacgaaacatatctacatgcgctgaaagtagaacgcaaacgcgcgcagagaaactcggaactcctaaaagacaaacaaacaagtttaacgagagcagaacaacggcgagtacaagaacgcacaaagatgcaacaagccaagatgctccaaagaaaggagttctaa
>gene_518|Replication protein
atgaacgagattgttaaccaacataacgatttagtagacctgccgttaaggaaatttaacgcaagcgagatagatattctccatgcattgtgttacaaatgccagaacgagggaagtaaagagatagtgttaaacttctcggagttgagacagctggcggattataaaaataaaaacgaaaagcagttctatcgcgcgatagaaactatgggagataaactcttttcgttgaacttcaaaataggaaccgaaagggagtatgagaagttcgtacttttcccaactttcaaggttagtgagagagagcagaaggttactgtatcggtgaatgataaatttgcgtatctgttgaatgaactttctggaaattacactccaatagaattacaggagagttctgcgctgagatcctcgtatgctaaggggatttacaaacaactcagaaagttcagaagtacgggaaagtggatagtaaatattgaaacctttagggaatatcttgatattcctaagggtttcatcattagcaaaattgatgagcgcgtaattaagccgtctatagaggagctgcagccccttttcaaggggctcagctacgagaagaagtacaagcgtgagggaaaaggtagaccgaaggtcgtaggatacgaattcacctttcagactgatgcaacagaaggacgaaagaaagagccgagaaagctcgatgcggacgcggtagcgtccatgagcggaggttggagaaagatgagactctgttgcccagattgtaaggaactcgtctacgagaagcgactcacaaacgagttcggagaatattcgatgtatggacacccggacttccggacgggtggatgttcgaaggtatactacgataggagtatgttaattccttacgacgaagtggtctccgaacgagaggctgaggagcgagctaaacaatttaccgaagacgagagaaatgctaacaaggcgaagctcgctaaattgttcagcggattatttaag
>gene_17276|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaagcagagcatatcggtctgcaaaggtaaaggcagtttaggacataacaaccgagaattttcgactcctaatgtagacccaacaagaacacatctgaatatcatctacaagcaagaacctcttgccgaagcctatgagaaactgttcggagcagaagtccgaagatacaatgagggcaagaaaccgagccgacagattccagactacatggagaagattcgcaactccaaaaatggagagaagctgttctatgaaactgtggtacaggtcggcaacagatacacttgtagcaccctgtcacaggacggagagacagctaagaagattctggacgattacatgaaggacttccagaaccgaaacccgaatctttatgtctttaatgctgttctgcattttgatgagccagacggcacacct
>gene_56728|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaagcagagcatatcggtctgcaaaggtaaaggcagtttaggacataacaaccgagaattttcgactcctaatgtagacccaacaagaacacatctgaatatcatctacaagcaagaacctcttgccgaagcctatgagaaactgttcggagcagaagtccgaagatacaatgagggcaagaaaccgagccgacagattccagactacatggagaagattcgcaactccaaaaatggagagaagctgttctatgaaactgtggtacaggtcggcaacagatacacttgtagcaccctgtcacaggacggagagacagctaagaagattctggacgattacatgaaggacttccagaaccgaaacccgaatctttatgtctttaatgctgttctgcattttgatgagccagacggcacacctcatcttcacatagattggattcctgtggctcatggatataaacagggcttgcaagtccgaaactccctcgacaaggctctgaaagagcaagggattgacggagcaacaagccgagtaggtcacagcacccataactggcaagaagctgagaagaacgctgtggagcgtgtcatggagcgttatgggtgggagagagccgaagaatctggtcttggaagaaagcacctcacagtagaccaatacaaggctgtggcgagcgaaatcgagaaccagattgccgttctgccagagcagatcacggccaagccggttccgatgagcaaggataaggtcattgtttcaaaggcagaccttgaagctctggaaaagagggcaaagctgtccatagtccatgaagaagccaccaaatccatggaagataaggtgttggagcgttctgaagctcacatgggctatatccagaagcacgaggacaacatgaaagacagggaacttgccttgctgaagaaagagggcgaatatcacttcgcagccaaagagtacaagcagatgaagattgacctcttggcagaggtaagcagtaaaaagaaaaaatatgaggggctgtatcaagagcagattggcttgaatcatgcctacaacaagctcaaatcggtggttgctgaacaggataagaccattgccaatctggagaaagagaacacctctctgaggggtcagattgccgatttaagagccgaaatcagccagaagatacaagaagccattcagccttttaagaacgaaatagaagcccttaaaacgaagatgaaggacatcgcattgggcgaagctaccttgctgaaagctgtgaagtatgtggcgaagcatttctctggggaagtcagcgaatccattctcagggcaacctaccaaaagggcgatgagtggctgaaacatgacggattcgaggaactgtctggattcgatgcaggacttcctaagtccataacagccaaaatggatatgaagctgacattcatggacggagacgagggcagaggggtctactctccaagaggaacttgcgtggcgaatgtaaagaccattaaagaagccagagagatgttcccgaacagccagatagataacaaggttagaacacagacattagtgaggtaa
>gene_51412|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcactttacctttgttcctgtggtacacgataagaaaaaagaccgtgataaggtatgcgctaaagaggtattaactaaaaaccatttaaaaggctggcacgaggctctggaggctcatttaacgcagtctttaggttttcaggttaatttgcttaatgaagccaccaaagacggaaataaagccattaaggagcttaagactggcactgccgttcaggagttaagggagcttactgaaaaactggaaaaagtaaaagagttagagtttaccgttggcagtgttgaccatatcccagttaaggttaaaggctggagagataaaacagttactctgtctttagaggattgggaaaactttacgaacgcttataaaaggcatttaattgaccataaggagcttaatgacctaaaggcagattgtagttactggaaagccaagtatgatgacaataacaagtattttgttcagcttcagtcttctcttaggtcgcttcgctcccaagttaaggattatgaaaaagacaaaaaagcctttcgggagtttttggctgccaaaggtcttgagagagaatatcagtcttttcagtttagtaggcaggtgctggagcgaacgcagggcagatcccgatag
>gene_51408|Mobilization protein
atggcaaatgtacagaaatatgctcgctctgcagtcggtcatttatttgcccattatgagagaggcaaagacgaggacggcaattatattaagtttggtaatcaggatattgacccaagtaggacgcaccttaattataatttggctcctgatcataatcagttggagtttttacataagcgactttcggaggtgcattgcttgaaaagggatgatgtcaatgttatgtgctcttgggttattactgctccgaaagatttaccagaggcaagtcacgaccaatttttcagtgatagttatgattatctggcaaagcaatacggagaggataatgtt
>gene_41149|Replication initiator
atgtttcatccttcagtttcttgtcttaatccattgcatattactgttcctgattctcatggtattgaacgaggtctttatgttccttgtggaaagtgttctgcttgtcgcattaagcgtaccagagaatggactctgcggttgattatggaagctcaggattatgatccggagaatattgcttttgttaccttgacctattcacctgaggatctgaaatttacggatgtgtataaagtccctaagcggctttcgccatctactatttcatccattgcttcacatgaaaagtttttgtctgagcatccctctgctgcgtctgccgagtttttgttggttgagccttcttatgatgatgattgtccggttattcctactctatataaacgtgatgttcagttgttccttaagaggctacgcaagaagcttgcttatcctattcggttttatgctgtcggtgagtatggtttgaagtctggtcgtcctcattaccatcttattatttatggtttgaaacctgtcgattttaagttggttgaacaggcttggaatcttggctttgtcttggttaagaatttctatcgtgagacttgcggttatgttgctggatatattcagaagaaactgtttggacctaatgtctatggtgacgctcttcctccttttttgctgtgtagtcaacgacttggagaaagttatttttggagagattccgctaatattctgcataatggctatattgcttttaatggttataagtatggtatccctcgactgtttcgtagaaaagctgaggaacttgggcttatagataaggctgatccatttgatgagcttgataaaattgaatatttggagatttgccagaatacggacatgcataattatgagtcttttcttatggctcaaggtgctgatcatgagctttatgagcatgagttccggaagaaggtaaatgatcgctttgaaaagtctaatgttaaacgtgattttaacacggaggtataa
>gene_12911|Putative MobA
ttgtttcagagcgccctgccgggagccgccttcagcgagaccctgccgggggcaagagaagagaccatggcgagctatcatcttgacgtgagcatcatcggtcgatcccaaggccgcagcgccattgcctgcgccgcctaccgtgccggagtcgtgcttgccgatcccgaaaccgggcgaacgcaggactaccgtcgcaagcgcggtgtcgtggcgtcatggatcgaggcaccggacggtgcccccgagtgggccactgacaggcaagccttgtggtcagccgtccaagccaaggagacgcggtcgaactcccgcctcgcgcgcgaaatccgcatcgccctgccgcacgagctggatgacgagcagcgggctgagctggtgcgctcttgggtgcgcgaccagatcaccgcacggggcatcgcggccgacatcgccattcatgcccccggcgtcaaaggcgataatcgcaaccatcacgcccacattatggtgacgctccggcgcttcgacctgtcgcgcaaagacggatgggacaagagcgcggctcgtgacctgaacgagactgcctggttggaaaccctgcgtgaaacctgggccgaggcgcaaaacaccgcgcttgaacgcgcaggcgaaaccgtgcgcgtggaccatcgctccttggcagaccagcgcgccgaggcgctggcggcgggcgatgaactcctagcttgcgttctggaccgcccagcagagccgcgcgcgggactggccgcaacgcacattgatcgcaaagctggccaggtcgttagtgatcgcgggatggctcttgcagcggcccgcgagcataggtcgcgcctcatggctgcgttcgatctggcgcgccgtgccgcacgcgtcatgcgcaaggcactggaccagaccacggcaccgtcattcctggcaggcgccagagccacagatgcggcagcaagaccgcttccttgggcctcattcgagcatgagccagacgacgaccccgcgcctggataa
>gene_28133|Replication protein
atatcttttacggaaagtcaacaaaacaatttacctgaattttacgaggacctccaaaaagctcacaggaaaaataaaaaacagctgtcgaaactagcaaaagaactaggaaacgcagaaaaagcggagcgtgtactaaactgtgcaaatttccttacatatgagctaattaaccaagaatatataaagcttgcaagggtcaataggtgcagagagcgtctatgccttaattgccagcttgccaattcaagagagttaatacgccagctgttttggtcaattcccaggttgaaaatttcccaggatgaaacaatgcagtttgttacattaaccgctccaaactgcaaagcggaagagctacgcggtatgattcaactgatggttaaaagacaaaacgccatgttcaggcattacggcattaaggattatttccgtagtatagaaatcacgtacaatgagaagtgtcgcactttccaccctcacttgcatctgacgtgccttgtcagctcaaattcttcttttccatttttcgatgcaagcaagggcagaaaaggtgctaatgctctacaaaatgcgtggtacacctggctcggaataccgaatgaattcggttataatctagctacaacatacgaagttaaaacaacaaaggcactgtatgagctgtgcaaatacgttgcaaaggtagaagatatggaaaacgttaacgttttgcgtgtgcttaatacgcagttgaaaggattacgcttaaaaacgccagtcggtcaatttaaacagctcgcatcttcctacaaagcggaatgtgcaacgcttaaactccaggagctacaattcctggattctgcagaaattcaactaattgaattaatatactccccacaagctcaaaaataccagttgaaacgaatttatgagaaaaaaataacatattctacccctggtgacttttgggaaaagaaacgaattcaagagcagaaaatggcaggtgtttactttggcgataaatag
>gene_13964|Rep
atgacaaaagaattaagtcttaataatcacaaaataattttacaagctaatgaaatttcgaggtcaatttactcttgctcaatgactgcaagaaaattaattgcatttgcaacatcaaaaatacaagataaacaagttgatgttaaaaacatttttacaaacgaagttataggtcaagagatagtgccttatgctgaatttaaaattacagaaattcttaaagcattaggttttgcaacaaagggaggcaattatgaactcatcaaaaaagcaacaagagaattaagaactgcttggattgaaattcagtttgatgagagcggagacgagtttgaaatgtattcttggtttcaagaaatatcgtattccaaaacaaaaaacaaaatcgagatgaaatttaacaaagatgtcggaaaagcattgattgaactcaaaaaaaattacagtgcattaaatttaaaaacgataggtgagtttaaaagtttttatgcatatcgtttttatgaacttgcaatgtcatataaaggtcttgcaggtaaaaacgaaaattcaccaggttgttggtggtttagaatgacaccaaaagaaatacgcaaactgtttaaaatttctgatgacgcatataaagggcgcaatgctactcaaaatttttatgtaaaagttattcaaaccccaatcaaagaattaaacaaaatctgcgataatcttttgattgaagttcaaaaagttaagtacgaaaacagtcaagaaattgtcgcttatcagtttaactgttcttgtgtagagcaagcaaaaataattaaaaaaacagatagcgaagaaacaaagcaaatagcacgacaaataaatgcagaacaagacgaagtcttgcattatcaaaaacgctatcccgaagaattcgaaagagcgtttgctgaaagcaaatcccaacaaaagtttaatatgcctgatatgttttttaaatatcaggcagtattaaaacttaaagagttgggatataaataa
>gene_51650|Rep
atgacaaaagaattaagtcttaataatcacaaaataattttacaagctaatgaaatttcgaggtcaatttactcttgctcaatgactgcaagaaaattaattgcatttgcaacatcaaaaatacaagataaacaagttgatgttaaaaacatttttacaaacgaagttataggtcaagagatagtgccttatgctgaatttaaaattacagaaattcttaaagcattaggttttgcaacaaagggaggcaattatgaactcatcaaaaaagcaacaagagaattaagaactgcttggattgaaattcagtttgatgagagcggagacgagtttgaaatgtattcttggtttcaagaaatatcgtattccaaaacaaaaaacaaaatcgagatgaaatttaacaaagatgtcggaaaagcattgattgaactcaaaaaaaattacagtgcattaaatttaaaaacgataggtgagtttaaaagattttatgcatatcgtttttatgaacttgcaatgtcatataaaggtcttgcaggtaaaaacgaaaattcaccaggttgttggtggtttagaatgacaccaaaagaaatacgcaaactgtttaaaatttctgatgacgcatataaagggcgcaatgctactcaaaatttttatgtaaaagttattcaaaccccaatcaaagaattaaacaaaatctgcgataatcttttgattgaagttcaaaaagttaagtacgaaaacagtcaagaaattgtcgcttatcagtttaactgttcttgtgtagagcaagcaaaaataattaaaaaaacagatagcgaagaaacaaagcaaatagcacgacaaataaatgcagaacaagacgaagtcttgcattatcaaaaacgctatcccgaagaattcgagagagcgtttgctgaaagcaaatcccaacaaaagtttaatatgcctgatatgttttttaaatatcaggcagtattaaaacttaaagagttgggatataaataa
>gene_51286|Protein rep
atggcagaatttgataatcaagaacttgactacgaaattttggtagatgaatcggaatcaggtaaagaccgtaagtggaaagaacgtaaactgtctaatattgagttagcgaaaaatttggaagttttggggtataaggtcttttcacgagtttatcaatgtgctgaagtgatgaagtttaaaaaacagcataatgggagattgaaattatatcaaacatggttttgtaaaaataaattatgtccaatttgcaactggaggcgagcattgaaacattcgtatcaatcagcaagaattattgaagaggctttagagctgtatccaagcgcacgctttatttttttaactttgacggtcaaaaatgttccaggggaagaattaaatcagacgttaacagagatgtcaaaagcatttaatcgtttgattttacgtaaaaaatttaaaaaaaacgttttaggttttttgcgagcaactgaagtgacttacaacaaaagacgtgatgattatcaccctcatttgcacgtactgttaatggttcggtcaacgtattttaaaaataaagcgaattatatcacacatcaagaatggactgaatactggaaaaaatcagctaaattgggttatacgcctgttgtgaatgttaaagcagtaaaaccacaagataactcagaagacggtgatattgctttgaaaaaagctattttggaaacagctaagtatccagtaaaaccgtttgatattgacgttgataaacatggcaataagactaaattatctcgtaagcaaaaattgaaagtgacagacgatatggctaaaggtctttatcgcaagcgtcaaattgcttatggtggtttgtttaaagagctgaaaaagaaacttgggtttgatgatgtcgaagagggcgatttggtaaatacttcagacgatgaaaaaatttcagaaagtgctattgacgtaatcgcccaatgggactggcaacgtaagaactattttattaaaaattag
>gene_8396|protein rep
atggcagaatttgataatcaagaacttgactacgaaattttggtagatgaatcggaatcaggtaaagaccgcaaatggaaagaacgcaaattgtctaatattgagttagcgaaagatttggaaactctggggtataaggtcttttcaagagtttatcaatgtgctgaagtgatgaagtttaaaaaacagcacaatgggcgattgaaattatatcaaacatggttttgtaagaataaattatgtccaatttgcaactggaggcgagcattgaaacattcgtatcaatcagcaagaattatcgaagaggctttagggttgtatccaagcgcacgctttatctttttgactttgacggtcaaaaatgttccaggagaggaattaaatcaaacgttaacagagatgtcaaaagcattttttaaattgattaggcgtaaaaaatttgaaaaaaatgttttaggctttttacgagcaactgaagtaacttacaacaaaaggcgtgatgattatcaccctcacttgcatgtgttgctaatggttcggtcaacgtattttaaaaataaagcaaattatattacgcatcaagaatggactgagtactgggaaaaatcagctaaattaggttatacgcctattgtgaacgttaaagcggttaaaccacgagataatttagaagatggcgatattgctttgaaaaaagctattttggaaacagctaagtatccagtaaaaccgtttgatattgacgttgataaaaatggtaataagactaaattatctcgtaagaaaaaattgaaagtgacagatgatatggctaaaggtctttatcgcaagcgtcaaatcgcttatggcggtttgtttaaagagctgaaaaagaaacttgggcttgatgatgtcgaagacggtgatttagtaaatacttcagatgacgaaaaaatttcagaaagtgctattgacgtaatcgcccaatgggactggcaacgtaagaactattttattaaaaattag
>gene_55292|Protein rep
atggcagaatttgataatcaagaacttgactacgaaattttggtagatgaatcggaatcaggtaaagaccgtaagtggaaagaacgtaaactgtctaatattgagttagcgaaaaatttggaagttttggggtataaggtcttttcacgagtttatcaatgtgctgaagtgatgaagtttaaaaaacagcataatgggagattgaaattatatcaaacatggttttgtaaaaataaattatgtccaatttgcaactggaggcgagcattgaaacattcgtatcaatcagcaagaattattgaagaggctttagagctgtatccaagcgcacgctttatttttttaactttgacggtcaaaaatgtcccaggggaagaattaaatcagacgttaacagagatgtcaaaagcatttaatcgtttgattttacgtaaaaaatttaaaaaaaacgttttaggttttttgcgagcaactgaagtgacttacaacaaaagacgtgatgattatcaccctcatttgcacgtactgttaatggttcggtcaacgtattttaaaaataaagcgaattatatcacacatcaagaatggactgaatactggaaaaaatcagctaaattgggttatacgcctgttgtgaatgttaaagcagtaaaaccacaagataactcagaagacggtgatattgctttgaaaaaagctattttggaaacagctaagtatccagtaaaaccgtttgatattgacgttgataaacatggcaataagactaaattatctcgtaagcaaaaattgaaagtgacagacgatatggctaaaggtctttatcgcaagcgtcaaattgcttatggtggtttgtttaaagagctgaaaaagaaacttgggtttgatgatgtcgaagagggcgatttggtaaatacttcagacgatgaaaaaatttcagaaagtgctattgacgtaatcgcccaatgggactggcaacgtaagaactattttattaaaaattag
>gene_38179|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatgaaatagtaaaaatgcacaatgatttagcagatttaccactacgaggatttaacccatccgaaattgatattttgatggctatttgttataagtgtcaagatgaaggtggagcagtaactcttaacattgaggatattaaaagcctagctgattataaatcaaaagacgaaaagaggttttacgaagatttaagtaaaactgttcaaaagttaaatgctcttaatattcgtgtaggagaaagtctgaaggagtacgaacagtttacattgtttccaaaattccgagttagtgagaaatcaggaatagttgaagtcagggttgctgaagattttaaatacatgcttaatgaatttaccggaaattatacgagattagaacttcagcagagtgtaggtctgacgagcaagtatgcgaagcaaatctacaaaatgctccgcaagttcaagggcacaggaaagtggattgtaaaacttgaagattttagagagtatcttgatgttccaaaaggattctcaataggcaagatagacgaaagagtaatagctcctgcactcacagaattgactccatactttgaaaatctgaaatgcacaaaaaagtatcagaaaggcggtaaaggtagacccaaagttgtaggctttgtatttagctttgttgcagaagagcaagaacgaaagactacgaaaagtgaaaatacacaagaagatattgcaaagaagtcaggttggttcaagacagtttggtattgtccaaactgtaaaaaagcagtgtacagcaaaataatgacgaacgagaacggtgcatacaccatttatgggcatcccgatttcaaaactggaaaatgcgactatttagtcaatgatgttactacgctattgcaactacatcaaattgagcagtcagctgatgcagctccggaagctccggaacaaacacaagagcagacggagaataagaaaaaattgtcatcattgcttagtggaatttttggcaaatag
>gene_44880|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgaatgaaatagttaaaattcacaatgatttagcagatttaccactacgaggatttaacccatccgaaattgatattttgatggctatttgttacaagtgtcaagatgaaggtggagcagtaactcttaacattgaggatattaaaagcctggctgattataaagcaaaagacgaaaagaggttttacgaggatttaagtaaaactgttcaaaagttaaatgctcttaatattcgtgtaggagaaagtctgaaggagtacgaacagtttacattgtttccaaaattccgagttagtgagaaatcaggaacagttgaagtcagggttgccgaagattttcaatacatgcttaatgaatttaccggaaattatacgagattggaacttcagcaaagcgtgggtctaattagcaagtattcaaagcagatttataaaatgctaagaaagttcagatccaccggaaagtggattgtgcgacttgaagattttagagagtatttggatattcctaaa
>gene_6462|Putative Mob protein
atggcagaaatgagtatatcgttcacaactggaacggggatgacaaacttaaggcataataaccgagaattgactgagaaagaatttaatgagcctgctcataagcatatcaagcgtgatttaagtcaaaataatatcgtgataaagcaagaaagtctcgacgaagtctatgagcgagaatttggcgaagctttaaaaaaatataatgcaaagcaaaagcgaaaagatagaattatcacagattataaaaatcatgtttatcacagtaaatctttggatttgcaacgagaatttattgttggactgggaaaaaaatctgattgggataatctttctccggaaatgaaacaacaagcgggtgagaaaatcgctgagtacattcaagaatttgaggttagacatccgcaactaaaaatttttaacgcagtagttcatctagatgaagctggtgcacctcatgctcattttaacgttgttcctgttgctacaggatataaaaaaggcttggagaaacaaccaagttttactaaagcactttatcaagaaggcaatcatacgaaaggtagaggacaatacagagagtttagaaaagaagaggttgctaaacttgaagaaaagctaaaagaattgggttatgaccgaaaattagttggaactaataatatcaaggatatgcacgaatacaaagaaattgttggtcaagctaataaagaattagacgaaaaactagtttctaagtatggtgctccagaatatatcaacgaaacaactggtgaatattatgattgggtggaatatcataattttttagagtttccaagcgaagaacaagaaggtcaaattgcgagagaaacaacatacgctgaaaaaatagattgggtcaaacgatattaccaacaagatttgaataaactagaatcgtctcagaagctctcagaagcccgtataagcgaattagaccaaaagattaagaaaaagtatgaggagctatctaaaatcgattttaaagcttctaaaggggcttctagggtgtctcaattagaaaatgctatagatagtcgttcagatgctcttgcagctgttaaacgagattttaaagcttatcaagcgtttttgaaaagaggtgaacagattgctaat
>gene_6466|recombination protein
aattggcaacaagaaattactggagaattgaaaaaaacagcttttgggaaagaatatattcgtatggatccagaagtctttgaaaaagctcgtatgagtaaccattggtttcaagttaaacaagatagtttgcgacaagaaattagacggcttgaaactgacttggagaatagtaatcgagcacgtttcaagttgcttgatgaaaacaaagaattgaaggctgaaagtaaatggttacgtgaagataataaaaagctatttgagcgattggatatcacaactaaaaaactcaaattatggcgtgataaaacacggaaattgttgcctaaaaaagaatttaaagctgttacggcagttgttaatactgaaatcatagaaattatgacaccagtagcaaaagttgtaaaagcagttacgaaaactatcaaaaaaatgacgctgtag
>gene_30641|Replication protein
atggatattatagcacacgttgacgttcatgtcaacatcaaaatcgagagggaagacgctttttctctgcgatatggaagaaaatgggaagaaaagaaacaggcggcgaaggaagtcgccgagaagatgatgcagatcggggaaaaggtacggggaattcgtatgatgaactgtgccgagatcgtcaatgggaaggtgtgcgagaagtgcggtcagatgcacgttcagtatgccaacctttgccgagatcgcttctgcccggtgtgtaagtggaggttatccatgagaagattcacgtcgatgtatgcaatcgtgacggggttgcggcggcgatatccggagagcgcgtggcagtttgtgacactgacctgtgtgaactgtgcgccgagagacttacccgatgtgctggatgagatggggcgagtgtggcacaacataaccacagcgcagaaattcaagaagaaggtagcgggatgggcgaaagcgacggagatcacatacaacgaagtagcgggaacacttcaccctcactttcacattctcgttatgtacgaagaaatggaagaacctgacaattatattgtcgaaagatggtgtaaagggctgaaatacaagacatccgtgttagcccaggacgcgcaaaccattgaattccgcgctgaagaacaactgaacatcggttggcaggtagaccagaaccccgaagacgacaagattatagatgcagtccttgaaacgtacaagtacagcatcaaggacaaagacacggaaaatatgccgctcggcgtgttcaaaatgttggtcgagacccttcaggggcggcgtttaacggcatttggcggcgtggtcaaggaatatgccaaggaattggatatggaacgcatggacgatgccgacgagcgcgacgagaacgaacttgaccgagagacagaacggtgtatcaagtgcggggacagtcacctcgtggaagtgattggacaatgggcaggagattcgtatata
>gene_17089|Rep
atgtataagcattataccacacccgccgacgaatgtcaaggggttggcggaaattcatctatcgaaattttaaccgacaaaaccgccaaaggcaaagaacgaccttggagggagaagaagatggcgaacaccatacttgctcttgcttacgacgaagtcaatataagcaaggccgcgcgtttacgtggctgcggcaattacttgagttttgccgttctcgcgaatggcaaaaagaagctcaagcacatggatagttgccgcgttcggctctgtcctctttgcgcgtggcgacggtcgctgaaggtgcacgcgcacacggtgcagatcctcgacgctatggacggcgagtatgcttttatcttcctgaccctgaccgttcggaactgcgaggcggacgagctctcggccaccatcgacggactgatggctggatggcagcggctcatgcagcgcaaagatgtcaaaaaagccgtcaagggttggtaccgcggtcttgaggtgacccacaacgtagaccacaagagcaagaactatggtacctatcatccccaccttcacacattgctatgcgtgaacaagagttattttactggcaggacatatctttccaaggctacttggacgcagctctggatggagtcaatgcggttggactacgagccgatcatcgacgtgcggcgggtcagtggtaccacaagccaggccgtggccgaggccgcgaagtacaccgtgaaggacggcgactacattctgcccgatgactgggagctcaccgtggagacggtgaggatcctcgatgcagctctggataaccgccgactggtagcgtatggcggtatcatgaaggagcttcacaagaagcttaacctggatgacgaggtagacggtgatctggtcaacgttggagacaacgactctgaggccgccgagaccgagaccacggtggacttcttctggcacacgggctatcagcaatacatagtgcacgacaaagagcagggttaa
>gene_34465|Putative replication protein
atgattgattgggtatcagcaatacttccttgtaaacatgatcctagcaagctcatttcggggcttgttatggcttttgatgctcagggcaacaatgaatggaccgttaataaaactttgactgttgaaggttctcattcgtcaaaaatacaaatcaaatctcataccgaaaatcagatttatatttcaggcaatcctacaaaatttttacaaggtcataatctatttggatcaaacgatcttgttggtcttatgggtaaattctttgatgaacttttgaagcatgaagatttagggctttgtcctgatccgttccaattggcaaatatcaaagatggtcattatgaattaactcgtgttgatgtaaatgaaacttggcatctgaataatcaaaaagacgtactcgcttggatcagagccgtaggcgaaactgcctatttgaaacatcgtggagctggtcaattttcaggagatatagcttactttggtaaaaactctcgtcgttgggctttgaaatgttactccaaaggtttagaaattctcgcaaaaggtcataaattacctcctgaattagctatccctgagatgctcgaatatgcacaaaaagcgttgagaatagagggtgtgacaaggcaattagaattgaaaagacgctcattacatgtagcatccaattgggatatagacacagcagaggagttgctcctagaatatatatctaaattagaaatgagtgatgtttatatgctcaaagatgatgttctagactcattacctcctagactccgattgacctatcaagcgtggcacaatggtgatgacttaaaaacggttttgcctagacctacgttctatcgttatagaaaacagattttagaatacggtgtcgacatttcttct
>gene_47869|Relaxase/Mobilisation
atgtcagaccatccgcagaatcaatggcctatggcaaaacgtgcaccaaggctgatcttcaccgaggaagaacgcgccctgccggagcttgaaaaggtcgttcgcaaggcagataaggcagtaaataagctggagaaagcggaagccaaaattccgaaaaagaccgtaaaagtaaaagagcgtgttgtagacgccgacagcggcaaggtcacaacgcgcttgttttttgaggaagtggataagaaacggcctccctccaaactgtcccatgctgcacaaaaagcgccgctggataccgtccgcggcgcaattcatcgcacgatccgtgaggacaatgacggcaattccggtatagaagcggcaaatacactttccgaaacggcagagggtacgtatcgtgttgcggaaacggcgcaccactcccatgtggagaagccatatcgcaaagcggagaaggcggaagccgctgcggataaagcaaatcttaaagccctcaaccgggaatatgaagcggaatatgggaaggcttccaaggtggtaaagcttaaacagatggcgaaaacgcttgtgtatttggaggaacagggctttgccgactttgaggcacttgcgaacgcggctactactgccgaagaacagttttacaaattgaaaggaaccatcaagacggcagaagcgcgaatgagtgagatacaggctctgcggacacacatcatcaactactccaagacacgagaggtatatgccggataccgtaaggccggatattcaaaaaagtatcttgcagagcatgagagcgacatcctcatccacaaggcagcaaagaaagcctttgatgactttggacttaataagctccccacagtcaagagcctgaatgaagaatttgcaagactgctgacggagaaaaaagcggcatacgccgactaccacaaaacacaggaacagatgcgggagcttatgatccacaaggcaaatgccgcatatctgctgggtttggaataa
>gene_16166|Replication-associated protein G2P
gtgattgattgggtttctgctgtactcccttgtaaacatgatccttctaagctcatatcagggcttgttatgtcttttgatgctctggggaataatgaatggactgtaaataaaacgctaactgttgaaggctctcattcctcaaaaattcaaatcaaatctcatacagaaaatcagatctatatttcaggcaatcccacaaaattccttcagggtcataacctatttggcactaatgatattgttggtctcatgggtaaattctttgatgaattgcttaaacataaggaactaggtctctgtcctgatccattccagtacgccaatattaaagatggtcattatgagttaactcgggtcgatattaatgagacttggcacctaaataatcaacgtgatgttttagcctggatccgctcagttggtgaaactgcctttttaagacatcgtggtgctggtcaattctctggtgatactgcttactttggtaaaaattccagacgttggtctttaaagtgttactccaaaggacaagaaattaaggctagaggccataaacttccatcagaattatgcactcctgaaatgctcgaatatgccgaaaaagccttgagaatagagggtgtgacacgacaactggaacttaaaagacgttcattacatgttgcatctaattgggatatagacactgccgaagtgttactcttagaatacatatctaaattagaaatgagtgatgtctacatgctcaaagatgatgttctggattctctgcctactcgcttgagaatgatttaccagacttggatcaatggtgatgatctaaagcaaattatgtcaaagtctgctttctacagatggcgtactgaaatgcttaaatacgggattgatattgccaccccatcgcctaaagaaaaatccaatgtgataccgttaattcgagttttagaagccaaacctgtcgggatacctgattgggcttatgaaaagaaccttgtcgcttga
>gene_52760|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gcaaaggacgagaacggggaatatgtgaaatttggcaatgagaacatagacccgtcacggtcacatctcaactacaaccttgccactcatcagcagaggcaactggataggttgcatgagcggttgggggaagtctactgcatgaagcggaaagatgtgaacgtgctttgttcatgggtgattaccgccccgaaagacctacccgaagaacggcatagagagttttttgagcggtcgtacaagtaccttgaggagaagtacggcaaagagaacgtggtgagtgcctacgtccacatggacgaaaccactccgcatatgcactttgcctttatccccgtgatatatgacaagaaaaaagaccgtgaaaaggtgtcctcaaaagaggtcatcacgagaaccgacataagggcgtttcacacggaatttcaagccgagatggataagtttgcagaggcgtatgactatgaatttgagtgtaacgtgctgaatggtgccacggaaaacggcaacctcacgattcaaggcttgaaagcggttgaagtagaggaacggctcatgcaagcggaacaaatctttgatgatatatgcttcaagtcagagagggtggaagaggagcttcaggacaccatgagagagcgtgagagccttgaaaagagcctcgaagtgctgaaaacggataaatatgccctaacgagggaaatcgccgatttagagggcaaattggacgggctgaaggctgacagagggaatgtgctgaatgagttcttcaagcacttcccccacgtcaaggaagcctttgataagttctgcgacttatggcaaaagaggattgagcgggaacggacagaagccagggaaaagcgcatggaaaaaattgcaccagagcgcaataaaaaggtgatgagcatggacgagtgggaaaaggcaatcagcgaccgccgagcctcttcttctttatcgcccaaacagaacaccggaaagagccgagataactttgagcgataa
>gene_19133|Replication protein, partial
atgaaaaatcctgaacttaagaatctgacggattactctccagcagataaaccgtgggatgaacaccgaagcttttccgacgatgtgggcggtatttatctgcgtgctgccggatttgagcactacggcgaacgtgtcggggcttgtagtggtattttgcggtttgggtggtcaacaaacacagagaccggagaaacgcgcctgcggttgcgtgatgcacggttctgtcgcgtccggcactgtccgatctgtcagtggaggcgttccatgatgtggcaagcccgtttctatcagtccctgccaaagattgtgacggaacatcccggcgcgcgctggttgtttctcacactgacagtgcgcaactgttccattgacgcgcttggtgagacgctgaccgcgatgaatgcggggtttaagcggttgaaagagcgtaaggaatttcgccatgtgttgggttgggttcgtaccacggaagtaacgcgcggcaaggatggtactgcacatccccattttcacactctgctgatggttcccccttcgatgttgtccggccgtgagtatgtgaaacatgcccgttgggtggaactgtggcgtgattgtctgcgggtggcgtatgacccgaatgtggatatcagagtggtgaaatcacggaaaccaaaagacgatgaatctttaccttgtgttgttgcggaacagctgcgcggcgcggtggttgaaactctgaaatattccacaaagcctgctgatatgctggctgatcctgaatggttcctcgaattaacacggcaggta
>gene_55329|Protein rep
atgaaaggagtcgcagtttttttgtcttacttaggacaacttactgctttagtttattatatcatgagtatatctatttgtcaagccgatacagtcgaagttcttgcggacaagtccgcatcaggcagaacaagaccatgggcaattcagaagcttaataatacatatgtttcaatggcatatgaagaagttgacgagaaaaaagctgaacgcatgaggacctgtgcagaatggctttcgttttatcgtactgaggggggcggtttgaaattgcataatgcaagattttgtcgagttcgtctttgccctatatgccagtggcgaaggagtttaaaaactttcgctcaaatgtcacaggtgcttgatgtggcgaaaaatgatggttatgagtttttgttcttaacacttacaatgaaaaattgtactggttttgaactttccgaagcacttgacaaactattgttatcattcaatcgcttttcaaaatataaggctgtgaaacaagctgtaaaaggctggtatcgtggttgtgaagttacgcataatatcgtttctgatacttaccacccacatttacatgttattcttgctgttaataagtcttattttaaatctcgttattatttatcacaagaaaaatttactgaactatggaaaaaagctttgcaagttgattacactcctatacttgatgtacgaagatgtaagggcggtgtaaaagcaattgcggaagcttgtaaatatgctgtgaaagcatccgacattatttccgtggacgattgggatttgaccgtagagacagtccgaacacttgatgccgctttgaataatcgccgttttgtcggtcttggcggtgttcttaaagatatacataaacaattacaacttgatgatatggacgaaggggatttattacacatagaatccgatactataacggaagaaaaacaagaagaagtcttgtatttttggaacggctacagtagaaattatgaacgataa
>gene_28413|Protein rep
atgaaaggagtcgcagtttttttgtcttacttaggacaacttactgctttagtttattatatcatgagtatatctatttgtcaagccgatacagtcgaagttcttgcggacaagtccgcatcaggcagaacaagaccatgggcaattcagaagcttaataatacatatgtttcaatggcatatgaagaagttgacgagaaaaaagctgaacgcatgaggacctgtgcagaatggctttcgttttatcgtactgaggggggcggtttgaaattgcataatgcaagattttgtcgagttcgtctttgccctatatgccagtggcgaaggagtttaaaaactttcgctcaaatgtcacaggtgcttgatgtggcgaaaaatgatggttatgagtttttgttcttaacacttacaatgaaaaattgtactggttttgaactttccgaagcacttgacaaactattgttatcattcaatcgcttttcaaaatataaggctgtgaaacaagctgtaaaaggctggtatcgtggttgtgaagttacgcataatatcgtttctgatacttaccacccacatttacatgttattcttgctgttaataagtcttattttaaatctcgttattatttatcacaagaaaaatttactgaactatggaaaaaagctttgcaagttgattacactcctatacttgatgtacgaagatgtaagggcggtgtaaaagcaattgcggaagcttgtaaatatgctgtgaaagcatccgacattatttccgtggacgattgggatttgaccgtagagacagtccgaacacttgatgccgctttgaataatcgccgttttgtcggtcttggcggtgttcttaaagatatacataaacaattacaacttgatgatatggacgaaggggatttattacacatagaatccgatactataacggaagaaaaacaagaagaagtcttgtatttttggaacggctacagtagaaattatgaacgataa
>gene_52012|Protein rep
atgaaaggagtcgcagtttttttgtcttacttaggacaacttactgctttagtttattatatcatgagtatatctatttgtcaagccgatacagtcgaagttcttgcggacaagtccgcatcaggcagaacaagaccatgggcaattcagaagcttaataatacatatgtttcaatggcatatgaagaagttgacgagaaaaaagctgaacgcatgaggacctgtgcagaatggctttcgttttatcgtactgaggggggcggtttgaaattgcataatgcaagattttgtcgagttcgtctttgccctatatgccagtggcgaaggagtttaaaaactttcgctcaaatgtcacaggtgcttgatgtggcgaaaaatgatggttatgagtttttgttcttaacacttacaatgaaaaattgtactggttttgaactttccgaagcacttgacaaactattgttatcattcaatcgcttttcaaaatataaggctgtgaaacaagctgtaaaaggctggtatcgtggttgtgaagttacgcataatatcgtttctgatacttaccacccacatttacatgttattcttgctgttaataagtcttattttaaatctcgttattatttatcacaagaaaaatttactgaactatggaaaaaagctttgcaagttgattacactcctatacttgatgtacgaagatgtaagggcggtgtaaaagcaattgcggaagcttgtaaatatgctgtgaaagcatccgacattatttccgtggacgattgggatttgaccgtagagacagtccgaacacttgatgccgctttgaataatcgccgttttgtcggtcttggcggtgttcttaaagatatacataaacaattacaacttgatgatatggacgaaggggatttattacacatagaatccgatactataacggaagaaaaacaagaagaagtcttgtatttttggaacggctacagtagaaattatgaacgataa
>gene_3440|Protein rep
atgtcgcagagtgacacgtcaagagttttgcaggaacgaggctgggccgatcatcggcgtttggcccataccattcagggattttacgaacagatagagaagccgcaggcgcagcgaattgccgagcggatggcatattgtgcaacggatttggtctttgcagaggttgctttgccggaaggtgggacgggccgccggctccaatgggcgcatttctgtcgaaatcggctttgtccgatttgcgcatggaggcgcagccttaaagcagcgggccagacgcgacgcattgtggagcgggccatggagcaggatccgggatctcgctgggtttttcttacgctgacagtcaaaaacaccagcggcgcagaccttgccgaaacgattgacgctatgcagcgcagctggcggcgcattgctgcccggctggcctatcgtcgcagctatgccggggccattcggactttggagatcacctataatcgggagcgcggagacttccacccgcactatcacgttttattacaggcccggcccggcgggtacgttgagcaggcggactgggcgcggatgtggaaggagagcgcagggctggactatgacccgattgtagacattcgggcagtggcagacccactggcagcggttcctgagattgcgaaatacgcatccaaaattaccgatattgcaggcctttcgggcgaggaaggcccggaggtattatggacgctgacagaggctcttcaaggtcggcggctgatgaatcggagcgggagcctgcgggagatcgccgcccagctgcggctggatgatgcggaggatggcgatcttattcacgttgacgatgaggaggatccggcgggagaagatgccgtttgcgtaatttaccgttggacagggcaagcgtatgttacgacgggggagatctggacgggcattactgcccgagatcatagaaggaggggacgagatgaacgccgtatacttgagcgggacgctggatag
>gene_26118|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atgggaaaaactcttgatgttgcccgcgaccgggcctttgaccagacccagaccgtgatgcctgccgaggtgtcgcggggggtctacatccgcaatgctccgagcctcgccgccctcaagctgatgcatctgatgatcggcacggcaggaggacacatggcagacccggtacggcacgaaatccggctctcggacatccgcaagatcgatggcatggataaccacacccgcgccagccttacgcccctgttcgaggagttgcgggcagtgacgatccgggaaggtaatcccgaggttgacacagaccggatcgtagtcggcgggctgctggatcacgcggtactggaccgaaaagacccgatcagcggcgacactctgctgtcgtggtatttcgggcggtcgttcatcgagatggccgagcagtcgaattattgggcgatcatcgaccggcagaccgtgtttcaccttggcagcaagtattccgtgctgctgtttcagcacatcgctagcttcgtgaaatccaagcacgtgtctgccaagaccttcaccgtgccggagttgagggcgctatttggacttcccgaaggcaaacacaaacgctttgcagaattgaatcgatgggcgcttcaaaccgccatttctgagatcaacgagcattcccggctgctcctgaccgccaccccaaagaagatcgggcgcacggttgccagcgtcacaattgcttgggaagaaaagccgcaggagcagaaacgggacactgggcgcaaactggcgcgggaggggacggccgaggactccgcgccggccttccctgaaagcggctcgatccgctggtcctcatgggaagccctggctcgggaacacgccccaaagccgacccccgacatggagctgatcgcagacaggttccgggatttctgcgccgggcgcggcctgtccctgacctctcccaccatcgaaaagaccttcgtggggtgggtatcgaagttccgggtggggtga
>gene_38245|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgaagaatgcaagagaaatagaagatatatcaaaacaatgcgatgtatcttcaaattatattcaaaaaattaaatcttggaaaaatgctcttgcttatgcgttccatttaaccgatagtgctagagaagatgaaaaagccgagtataatgaaaatgatgttattttttctcataatgttgatataaaaagtatatttgaatgtgataaaatatatcaagaagaaaaagcacacaatgaaaaaattgttgaattgcttattcaatatggaaattgtgaaatcagtaaatcacagcttatcaaagaaatgaatgctgaagattataacaaacacgctttaacatttaaaaaaatgcaagaatttagacaaatgaaagtaagtgagagagatatgaaagttttatatattacgggtgctagtggtagtggtaaaacaacatttgcaaagtatatggctcaagttatgtgttatgattactttgtaagtggtagtggtaaagatattttagatggctatgataaagaagaatgtattattcttgacgatttgcgtggcgatgtatttactaaagccgagttatttaaactaaccgataacaatacaaattcaagtgtaaaatcacgctttaaaaataaagatatttctagatgtaaattaatgattattacaagtgttaaaagtcctaatcttctatataattggaatgacgatacaaccgaaacttatacgcaatttgcgagaagattatcttggggctttatgtctattaatgataatggcgatatatttgaatgctatattaatcaaaacgatttcaaagtttcttgtaatatggtaaaagattttaatatgaatgatgtttttaaggttcttggaattacaagacaatttagtaataattttatgaaagaaatatattcaatgacaaaaaaagaaatattaaaaaataaaccagttcaaatgtctttatctgatatagatgagaatgattttccattttaa
>gene_7028|Rep
atgagcaatgaattaacggtccataaagcaaataactttgtgcaagcaagttattcaatgacacttgatgaaatgcggatcttgtctttgactttgggggtttttaaccctaaaaatccgtctaagcgtggatttgacttcacggtagctgatttctgtaagcatttccctgacgtaaatccggatatagcttacacacaagttagaaatgccgttttaaaaatctcaaagcgttgggttacgttggtagataacgagaaagaattaacggaagttgcgttaatccataagcgttcatattttaaaacagaagggcggttttatatcgagttccacgatgagctaatcccttacatttcagaattacacgataactacacaaaatatcagcttgtaaatatcggggcttttagtagcacgcactccattcgtctttatgagttatgttctcaatatcgtgataaaggttggcgacaaacgccattagatgatttaaaagattggttacaagtttcggataagtatgaccgatacaataattttaatcagcgtgtcttaaagcctgccattgatgaaatcaacgcaaaatctgatctgcttgttgatgttgaacctatcaagcgtggacgcactatcgtagcgttaaaattcactatcaacgtgaagaaaaaggccgtcaaagttgagcaaaaacgcagaccgtttcctcataaaaacaggtttggttcatacgttaaactggacaagcaaaaccctaaaatgagttcgcacgaatatggcgaatatgcccgagcttgtttggctcaaatggaagaagattacaaatcttttggctttacgattagcgatataccgaacgaagatttattgcattactgggtgtttttaacaggcaaccaaagcaataaatcgagctttggcaagcggtcagattttgtgaacgagttgaaaaatcgtgggtataaaatcgtagattgtgaactggtgaaacttgataattaa
>gene_55406|Rep protein
atgcaactacattgtagcacaaatgactacgaaagtcaagaacaaaacactgtcgatagagaaatatctatcgagtttctgtcagatgtcaccgccaaaggtaaagaacgaccctggggggataagaagatggcaaacacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatggcattaacgaaaagaaggccgagcggttgcgtgattgtgcgacattcctctctttttcgctcaaggccgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgtccggctctgccctatgtgtgcctggcggcgttctctgaaggtacacgctcacacagttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggagtatgcctttatctttctgacattgaccgtgcgcaactgcaccggtgatgagctgtctgccactctggatcagctgatggctgcctggcaacggctttcacaaagacaagctttccggaaggttgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgttgatcacctatcgtctgcttataatacatatcatccccacttccatacccttctatgcgtcaataaaagctacttccggtcaagagactacctttccaaggaagcctgggcgaaactatggcaagaatctcttcagatcgactatgaacccgtgatcgatgtccgtcgtgttaaaggctctacaagtcaggctgtagctgaagctgctaaatacacggttaaagacggtgactatatcgttccggaagactgggatcttaccgttgactctgttcgtattcttgatgacgcattggacagccgtcgccttgttgcttatggtggtctgatgaaggagctgcacaaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggtgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatagcgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgtagacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_37737|Rep protein
atgcaactacattgtagcacaaatgactacgaaagtcaagaacaaaacactgtcgatagagaaatatctatcgagtttctgtcagatgtcaccgccaaaggtaaagaacgaccctggggggataagaagatggcaaacacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatggcattaacgaaaagaaggccgagcggttgcgtgattgtgcgacattcctctctttttcgctcaaggccgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgtccggctctgccctatgtgtgcctggcggcgttctctgaaggtacacgctcacacagttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggagtatgcctttatctttctgacattgaccgtgcgcaactgcaccggtgatgagctgtctgccactctggatcagctgatggctgcctggcaacggctttcacaaagacaagctttccggaaggttgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgttgatcacctatcgtctgcttataatacatatcatccccacttccatacccttctatgcgtcaataaaagctacttccggtcaagagactacctttccaaggaagcctgggcgaaactatggcaagaatctcttcagatcgactatgaacccgtgatcgatgtccgtcgtgttaaaggctctacaagtcaggctgtagctgaagctgctaaatacacggttaaagacggtgactatatcgttccggaagactgggatcttaccgttgactctgttcgtattcttgatgacgcattggacagccgtcgccttgttgcttatggtggtctgatgaaggagctgcacaaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggtgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatagcgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgtagacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_17259|protein rep
atggcaaacacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatggcattaacgaaaagaaggccgagcggttgcgtgattgtgcgacattcctctctttttcgctcaaggccgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgtccggctctgccctatgtgtgcctggcggcgttctctgaaggtacacgctcacacagttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggagtatgcctttatctttctgacattgaccgtgcgcaactgcaccggtgatgagctgtctgccactctggatcagctgatggctgcctggcaacggctttcacaaagacaagctttccggaaggttgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgttgatcacctatcgtctgcttataatacatatcatccccacttccatacccttctatgcgtcaataaaagctacttccggtcaagagactacctttccaaggaagcctgggcgaaactatggcaagaatctcttcagatcgactatgaacccgtgatcgatgtccgtcgtgttaaaggctctacaagtcaggctgtagctgaagctgctaaatacacggttaaagacggtgactatatcgttccggaagactgggatcttaccgttgactctgttcgtattcttgatgacgcattggacagccgtcgccttgttgcttatggtggtctgatgaaggagctgcacaaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggtgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatagcgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgtagacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_39263|Rep protein
atgcaactacattgtagcacaaatgactacgaaagtcaagaacaaaacactgtcgatagagaaatatctatcgagtttctgtcagatgtcaccgccaaaggtaaagaacgaccctggggggataagaagatggcaaacacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatggcattaacgaaaagaaggccgagcggttgcgtgattgtgcgacattcctctctttttcgctcaaggccgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgtccggctctgccctatgtgtgcctggcggcgttctctgaaggtacacgctcacacagttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggagtatgcctttatctttctgacattgaccgtgcgcaactgcaccggtgatgagctgtctgccactctggatcagctgatggctgcctggcaacggctttcacaaagacaagctttccggaaggttgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgttgatcacctatcgtctgcttataatacatatcatccccacttccatacccttctatgcgtcaataaaagctacttccggtcaagagactacctttccaaggaagcctgggcgaaactatggcaagaatctcttcagatcgactatgaacccgtgatcgatgtccgtcgtgttaaaggctctacaagtcaggctgtagctgaagctgctaaatacacggttaaagacggtgactatatcgttccggaagactgggatcttaccgttgactctgttcgtattcttgatgacgcattggacagccgtcgccttgttgcttatggtggtctgatgaaggagctgcacaaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggtgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatagcgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgtagacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_33840|Rep protein
atgcaactacattgtagcacaaatgactacgaaagtcaagaacaaaacactgtcgatagagaaatatctatcgagtttctgtcagatgtcaccgccaaaggtaaagaacgaccctggggggataagaagatggcaaacacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatggcattaacgaaaagaaggccgagcggttgcgtgattgtgcgacattcctctctttttcgctcaaggccgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgtccggctctgccctatgtgtgcctggcggcgttctctgaaggtacacgctcacacagttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggagtatgcctttatctttctgacattgaccgtgcgcaactgcaccggtgatgagctgtctgccactctggatcagctgatggctgcctggcaacggctttcacaaagacaagctttccggaaggttgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgttgatcacctatcgtctgcttataatacatatcatccccacttccatacccttctatgcgtcaataaaagctacttccggtcaagagactacctttccaaggaagcctgggcgaaactatggcaagaatctcttcagatcgactatgaacccgtgatcgatgtccgtcgtgttaaaggctctacaagtcaggctgtagctgaagctgctaaatacacggttaaagacggtgactatatcgttccggaagactgggatcttaccgttgactctgttcgtattcttgatgacgcattggacagccgtcgccttgttgcttatggtggtctgatgaaggagctgcacaaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggtgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatagcgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgtagacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_56754|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggaaaggacaataaatacaatagctactcacaatggcactcaagtgtcacaatatcacaatataagggataggaaatattgtgaaaagcaagaacatataagagaaaatggacaccatgaaacatgggttcatgaaatggcaagagacgcttatgagagaatttttggagatgctgttagagagtacaatgaaaagcaaacaagagaagataggaaaattgatgactattatcaaaaaatagttgatgataagacaaaaaaccctgtttatgaaatgataataggtgtatattcaaatgcaacaaaagaagaagaaagagaaattatgaaggcttttgttgatgggtggaaagatagaaacccatcattagagttaattggtgcatattatcacaatgatgaagatggacaccatcatgttcatattgattacattcctataaagcatgattgtgcaagaggtttatcaattcaaaatggcttaaatggtgcattgaaagaaatgggattttttacaagtggaataaatcacaccgcccaaatgcattgggaacatagagaaaatgaagttcttgaaagattatgcagagatagaggaattgaaatagaacacccacaaagtaaagaacatgcaaaagaaaaagcggttcatttggacaaagaattgtatatagttcaacagaaagagcaagaattagaagaaagaaaaagagatttaattaaagatataaaagactacaatgaaaaggctgattatgtcaataaagcatatatggaaattgacaaagtagaagaatatcttgaaagggttgaaagatattgcaatagggttgatatgtcaataaatgattattatacccatgagttttgggctgatagagatataaggcaacatttgccacccgaaattcacaatccatcaagagatgaaaaagagagagaagaaatcagagaatattatgagagagacgaaaaagaccacaacaggaacagatag
>gene_42631|Mob
atgagctatgcgattttaagaacaaaaaaactgaaagaatggggcaatatttgtgctagtcttgagcataattttagagagcgattaaccccgaacgctgatgagaatagaaccgctaaaaacgttcatatcggtggcaattcaacggaagaaatccgtcagaaaatcgaacagggtttaccgcaaaaataccgtgcggattgcgtgaagtgcatagaatacttaataaccgcaagtcctgaattttttaaagaacggtcagcagaaactcagcaggcatattttgatgatgcgattaaatggcttaaagagcgacacggtgcagaaaatgtgaaatgtatatcaattcataaggacgaaagcacaccgcatttagtggcttacgttgtaccgattgatgagcgtggcaaattgaacgctaaaaagtggctgggtggtaaaaaattgctatctgaaatgcaagatgattttcaagaaaaggttggtagaaaatcaattcttatccgtggcgttaggggttcaaaggctaaacatcaacgagttcagcggttttatggggaactcgatgaaactcaacgtcctaaactttcggttgatgacttagagccaagagttattagggaaggatttttaggtattggggaaaaagtcgagaccactcaggatattgcaaacagggttggggataagatcaatgcgttatttgattttaaaaacgcagaattgcacaaaatgcgaaaacaaattcaatctctaaatagtgatgtggaaagtgctaaacgtgatgggcgtattcaaaattatagcctaatcgctcgtaatcaagccttagagaaagaattagccgaacacaaggaaaaccataccttaaacacaaaagggctttctaaggctcaaatagatgcattaaaggggcaaatcgcaagttatcaagatgaaaatgagaaaaaacgcctagaatggctcaaaatgaaccaatctaggggaatgaaaatttag
>gene_31068|Rep
atgtctattatacccgatgaaaaaggaaaagtcaaggacactttcaaagactggaacgaaagaaaggcacagagtaaagttcttgcgacgaggcttcaccgtctcggctatgaagcgcgtgcaacgcgtatgttaaactgcgcagagtatatcgtttttaacgagtgcccgagctgcggaaagaaagagattgcaaccgctatgctttgtcgtgacaggttgtgccctacgtgcctttggcggctctcgcgccgtaggttcgtagaaatgaataaggtcgttgagtctatgaaatcggcgattctgtcgaatgatattcacgtgtcaatgctcacgcttacagttcgtaattgcaaactttctgagctgagctcgacgatatccgctatgtcggcggcgtggcataatctctcacgccgagtcgcctttaagagggtatgcgggtgggcacgcaatcttgaaatcaccttcaatcagcgaacaagagaggttcaccctcatttccatattttgcttctgtggcgtggtgccgttgatgtctcgaaggaattttataaaacgctccgtgatgaatggtcgcattgtatgaaaaccgattactcagcgattgtacatcacgaacaggcttacataatcgaaggagacagaaagacggtcgacgtcaacggagatataacgccgattctcttggagtgctccaagtatgctatgaaagcaaccgacattccgagaatgaaggacgaggagttagagatattcattgcagccataaagggcgtgcggttcgtttcatacggaaaggatatcaaaaaggcaagacaggcattagggttcaaagatgaggagttgacagacggagaggacgaaagcaaaggaaaagtcgtttgctcttgcggggacgatatgacggcaactctgatggtgtgggcgggtggttcctacgttcccgctccaccagaggagcaacagagatacagagtaagaaaggagcatttataa
>gene_3300|replication protein
atggacaccattaaagcgcccattagcattaattctacaccaaaaactaataaaaacaccagtctcgatgtgccgcttgcatcatatagcccaaaagatgcgaaatgggatattcagcggggcatggttcaacagatgtctgatttcttgtatgaggttcaacggttcgagcgttgggcggaacgtatggacggctgcacccgtaccctagcatttggtgaggttatcgacatggatacaggcgaagttaaccccaaactggtgaatacgtttttctgtcattgcaggcattgccagttgtgtgatgggcgtaaagcattagtgcgcatggggcggtttaaggacgaattacccaaaatcgaagcagaacaccctaaagcccgttggatactgctaaccctgactgtgcctaatccgcccgtaaacgagcttagagcgactttgggcaggatgaacaaggcttggactaggttaattaagcgtaaggcgtttaaacccgttttagggtggattagatccaccgaagtaacccaagacaaaaagcgtcctgattatgcgcatccgcattttcattgcttgttgctagtgccgccatcaatgcttggtggtaagcaatacgttaaacatgctgaatggttgcagttatggcgtgattgctaccgtgaccagagcattacgcaggtggacgtaagggctgtcaaaggcggcacgatgaaaggcgctgtagagacgctcaaggcgtttaactacagcatgaaagtggacgacctgataagccgaacgcctgactggattttggagtatatggagcaagttcataagttgcgtttcttagctactggtggcgttctcaaagacgtgttgaaacggattgaggacgaaccgacgacagaagaaatgttgcatgttgatgaggacaagccaggcgaagtcaccgaggttaagaaaacatttacatggcgaccgagcgagaaaaaataccgtatgaaacgtgattag
>gene_56647|Protein rep
atgcaaccacattgtaacacaaacgactacaaaagtcaagagcaaaacaaggtcgatggagtattatctatcgaaattctttcagacgtcacagccaaaggcaaagaacgaccctggggggagaagaagatggcaaatacgatcctggcacttgcttatgatgatatcaacgagaagaaggcagtccggctgcgtgagtgcggcaactacctctcttttgtggtcaaggctgatggatccaagaagctgaagcatatgagcagctgtcgtgttcggctctgtcctatgtgtgcctggcgtcgatcgctgaaggtacatgctcacaccgttcagatcctggacgctatgaaccaggaatatgcttttatctttctgacattgaccgtccggaactgtaccggagacgagttgcccggtgttttggatcagctgatggctgcgtggcagcggctctcacagaggcaagcttttcggaaggctgtcaaaggctggtaccgtgggttggaagtcacacataatgtcaatcacctatcgtctgcttatgatacatatcatccccacttccataccctcttatgcgttaacaaaagctttttcaagtcaagggattatctctcaaaagatgcctggtctaaactgtggcaagaatctcttcaggttgactatgagccggtgatcgatgtccgtaaggttagaggatctacaagtcaagctgtcgctgaagctgccaagtatacggttaaagacggtgactatattgttcctgaagactgggagctgacacttgatactgttcgtattcttgatggcgcattggacagccgacgccttgttgcttttggtggtctgatgaaggagttgcataaaaaacttaatctcgatgatgaagtggacggcgatctgatccatgtcggtgatgatgatactgctgccgatgagacagaccaaactgttgacttcttctggcataccgggtaccaacagtatatccggtgttga
>gene_17191|Putative mobilization protein
gtgggtcaggacgaacaccgcagcagcggtggccgtacagaccagtacccggccattacgaagggaggtgtcggtatggcacagatcgagaagtacaacctgcagcaggcaaaggctatcattgcccacgtggagcgcaccggcgcgacacacagcaatgagagtatagatccggagaggacgcagaacaactatgctctgtggcccccgaaggatcctgacaagctgatcctggacaccggcattgaaggtcagagcagcggacgctatgcgtacaaacggctcaagcagcgtttgtccgaggtcagctgcctgcagcgtaatgatgtcaatgtcctttgcgactggtgcctgcacctgggcgtggatgtcccccctggatacaaaagcaggcgggatttttacatagcagccgtccgggtgatggccgggatctatggtgtcaagaatgtcgtttatgcctgggtgcatgaagatgaatcaggaagccacctgcacttcggttttgtgccagtggttcggaaggagctgaagctccggagtaatgcttcggaagctaagcgcgctgaatacgaggcagcggtcgcagccggtcagaccatgattgaacgagttgacgccaacgctctgatcaaccggcgtcacctgcagggctggcatggcttcatgacgaagaagatgactgagatcctgggctataaccccgcaatccataccggcattacccagtggttgggtggaaacaagactgtacccagtctgaagaaaaccggccctgactggcgaaagaagcgaaacgcccaggtcgcagcattccatgagaaccggcgcgcaaaggcaacaggagagaagtccggtctggatgcccagattatgggggcagatccgaaccggcagaaggcccagggagcacctgggaaacaagagaagaaaggacaacagtccctggctgctctgatgcaggacgccaggaacaagggtggcagagatggatggtag
>gene_27979|MobA/MobL family
ggcgaccctccgggtggggttgtcggcatagccgtacaagaccgctgcgcggtggcaaaggagggaaagaggatgaacatctatgctgggatggctgtgatcaccaacgtcgtcggccgcgttgattacatcagcaatccagatcgacaggagaacctgctggccgtgtctggcatccaggatcgcacatactggcgccagcttgcagctgacagccaggcagcatggcgccgcgccggtggtgaccgagagaactcggcacgcgaagcgcgggaggttcacgtcctgctcccgcggaaggtcctcgatatgtctccggaagagcagcagcgagttgctgaccagctttccgccttcttccgagagcagtacggcctggacaatgtcaccggtttgcatctgagcaagaccgagaacaacgcgcacgcccacgtgctattcccggaacgctgccgcctggcggcaccggagatccgcatagcagatcgcaacgtcttcctggatgccacaggcgtccggaagcgaacaaagaaagagatccttgacgaatctggagagctgaagcctggctgcaggatcattccaaagggagagatcctgtacagccgtcattttggcgccactgacccgatctacgcggaaaaagagtggctgcaggacgtgaagcgggatctggccggctggatcaatgagacgctgcagccggatctgcagagagaagttttcgatccgaatgggccgtatctggcgcaggagaagattggaaaaggccggccggcagagcaggccgacagaattcgtcagtacaacgatgccgtgaagcggttcaatgctgctgtccggaatggccagatccaggaggatgtggctcgacaaatcaagacgcaggtcatgcttgcgcccgatcgcctgcaggcgcttatgggcgcatggtatatcgagcgacgcaatgaaaaaccgctcacggaagatctcatgggtggcgcccggacgcaaaacaggcctgaggaagacaaaaaacggcagctgcggcagctgtatcgggatgcagctgcgtatagacgcctggcaaaagcgacggaagacagtgtagagcgaatcatgtatacgtctatggccaggaactgcagcgctcagattgaccggctccggaaagagcttggctacttcgcggatcaggactatatgcgccggctccagaagatcgatgaggatctgcgtcgaaaaagggcctgggtcttgaaatgcaagagtagggccgaatactacgatcggcgcagccatggcttgagccggaggattgattggcttcagaaagaattggatgacatgccaattttgtttatatctaaagcggatcaggcccggaaagcgcagcttcaacgagaactgcaagaggcaaaggcagctcgtgctgaagcgtgttttcaggaggcagaagcaaggcgccagtactgggatgagaagagaaaagcgaagatcaaacgcaaagagctgcggattgagaagaagcagatgctccgggagcagaaccggggcaagatggaaaaacgcgacaaaggcccctcagagcgtttctga
>gene_40596|Putative replication initiation protein
gtggcacataaaaatattaatatgagttgtaatcaccctttaaaagctttttggactggtaactatactgagaacgggaaaaaagagtatatcatttgtaaaaattctgatattgatatgatagactttgactacgttttcaataagggttttaaaattgatcgcactaaagcggattatgttcttattgatggtcgtaattggttaattaatcctttgacaattccatgtggttattgtttagcttgtcgtcttgctaagtctaaggaatggactactagaatttgtttagagtcttcttattttgaaaatgtttattttcttacattgacttataacgataactgtttgcctaaggatcatcagcttaataaacgtgatttaaggaattttatcaagaggttacgtaaatatataactattcgttattttgcttgtggtgaatatggcgacgataaaaattctaaagcgggttttggccgtcctcattatcacttaattataatgactgatgacgagttaaaagttaaacctacatttaaaccgggtgcgtttagttgtgatcttatcagtaaactttggctgtttggtaactacgagctaaattttgccaacgatgctactattgcatatactgcaggatatgtttacaaaaaacaattaaaccaggttgatcatcatgaagttaagccgtttatttcagcttctgacaagcctggaatgggttatagatatttggttgatcactatcagagtattttggatacaaaaaagatttatctcaatggaaaagctaaaccggtttttaaatatatttggtctaaaattgctgagagagttgacattgaacctataaaaaatgaattaatgatacaagcaggatatacttcagacaaattgaaatggtattttaataataaaattacagatgagtgtggttttatgcttgatgaaatatattctgaatacttagaaaataagagaaaaggaactttataa
>gene_34020|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_45085|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_48918|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_34856|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_37664|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_8983|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_57947|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_34389|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_42092|Mob
gtgatatactgtaatcacggtaaaacagctgatgaatgggaaggagtacataaaatgagctatgtaatcatgcgcatgaagaagctcaagacacgtgcgagcgttgctagttctggtcgtcacaactttcgtgaacgtgacacaccaaatgccgatgcgagtttaacatcgacaaacctccacgaaaaggcgcaaaatacgaacgatcttatgcaccgtttgacgatgaacattccatcgccgaaaaatcgccgaaaaaatgctgttctagctgtcgaatatatgatcacagcgtcacccgaatggtggcaaaatgctactcaaattcagcgtctcgattttgaacgaaaagctaagcagtttttgactgaaatctatggcgacaaaaacatcattcaattttcgatacatcgtgacgaaaaaacgccacacgtgtcagccatagtgacgccaatgtttgaaaacaaattgaattgtcgtcatttttgcggtggtcgtgcaaaactcgctgaacaacaagatcgtattgccgaattgatgaatgatctcggtttggaacgtggcataagaggatctaaagccaaacacaaaacaattcagcaattctatgcggatatacagaaaaaagatcaagatactgttgtcaaatcggtcacggcagcagagctgaaacctcaaaaaatcgacttttttcacaaagaaagtgacgaaacagtggcacaacgcataaatgatcgtctgagagcccccataaaagcccttagagcacgatcacgacagctcgacgaggtggagtacgagaacaagagtcttcgctctgagagacgctctattgagccttatctgcaaatcatgtcaactttacctaaaaatatgcaaaaagatcttctaaaaaagctcacacagatttcgaaaaactatcgtcaacaacaattagacgattacgaaatgaaacgtaaacaacgctctaaagatcgccatggatttgaacgctaa
>gene_21382|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcttattcaacaatcaatatagtaaagtttaataacaccgatagaggctctatcgttaaagttgctaaacataattttagagaagaaatttccagaaatgtaaataaaaagaagatacatttaaacgaatatctcatggggtcaaaaaacatgaacattctggaagaagtagagaaaagactggaaaatgtagacaaatatcgcaaggatgcaaatattgtttgcaatgtttgtttaagtgctagtcctgagtggtttattggaaaatcaaaaaatcaggtaaaggaatggcaagaagaaacattaaattttatgatagaacagttcggcaaagataatattttatatgccgttgtccataatgacgagaaaacacctcatattcatttcgcattaacacctataaaagataataagcttagaagtaatgtatggtttgacggtccgtcaaaattaaagaaatttcatacagaatattctaagaaaatgaaaaagttcggattgaaaagaggaaagacagaagttaaatctagtcaagaagaaatacaagacttttataataaggttaatacttcaactgtctatgataggcaaatggataaaaaagtggaggaattattgcaacaattagaaaatcctaattttttccaaaagttaagtgttaataaatttagagaagaaattgtacagccattattaaaacaaattgcaaatcaggcaaaacactatcgagcaaaaacattagtttttgagaaaaaggcaaaagattttgatagggtagagcaagaggcaaaagatttagaattgaaattagaaacattaggacttaaacctaatatctcatttttagaattgaatgagttagcacctagcataaaagaactcgtagagaaaaagcatagtctagctattgagagtagctcgtctaactctccccaggacaactatgcacctgaaataactcacaaagttaagagcaagataaaaatctag
>gene_7632|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcttattcaacaatcaatatagtaaagtttaataacaccgatagaggctctatcgttaaagttgctaaacataattttagagaagaaatttccagaaatgtaaataaaaagaagatacatttaaacgaatatctcatggggtcaaaaaacatgaacattctggaagaagtagagaaaagactggaaaatgtagacaaatatcgcaaggatgcaaatattgtttgcaatgtttgtttaagtgctagtcctgagtggtttattggaaaatcaaaaaatcaggtaaaggaatggcaagaagaaacattaaattttatgatagaacagttcggcaaagataatattttatatgccgttgtccataatgacgagaaaacacctcatattcatttcgcattaacacctataaaagataataagcttagaagtaatgtatggtttgacggtccgtcaaaattaaagaaatttcatacagaatattctaagaaaatgaaaaagttcggattgaaaagaggaaagacagaagttaaatctagtcaagaagaaatacaagacttttataataaggttaatacttcaactgtctatgataggcaaatggataaaaaagtggaggaattattgcaacaattagaaaatcctaattttttccaaaagttaagtgttaataaatttagagaagaaattgtacagccattattaaaacaaattgcaaatcaggcaaaacactatcgagcaaaaacattagtttttgagaaaaaggcaaaagattttgatagggtagagcaagaggcaaaagatttagaattgaaattagaaacattaggacttaaacctaatatctcatttttagaattgaatgagttagcacctagcataaaagaactcgtagagaaaaagcatagtctagctattgagagtagctcgtctaactctccccaggacaactatgcacctgaaataactcacaaagttaagagcaagataaaaatctag
>gene_34252|Rep-like protein
atgaatcatcctactgaaaaaaaccccaaaaaccaacccctagaccctgcgttatctgattacagcgcgaaagacgcgaaatgggatcaactgcgtggaagtaccgagcgcgttagtcagctactctttcgagtcggtgaatttgaaagctgggcgcatcggattcacgattgtacggggttcctccgattctcagagctggcaagcctcgaaacgggcgaaatcagtctaaagttacgttatgcggagttctgccatgtccgacactgccccatgtgccagatgaggagatccattgtgtaccgttcaagattcctcgaatttctctctcagagccactcagagcaatcaaaagcccgttgggtatatctgacactcacggtccccaatatgcccatagaatcgcttagaggcggtttacaggcaatgaacaaggcatggaacaagtttgttcagcgtaaagaatttaagccagttttaggttggatacggacgaccgaagtaactcgagagaagaaacggaaaggctacgcgcatccgcatttccatgtgttgatgatggtgccgccttcattcttcaaagtgaattatacgaagcaatcacgttggctggagatgtggcgcgaatgtatgcgcgatcactcaatcgagagtgttgacgttcgtgcggtgaagggcggtattgatacggcgattatggaaacagttaagacgttcacctactccgtaaaacctgaaactctggaagccgatcccgaatggacagtcgaatattttaaacaggttcataaacttcggtttatcgcgtcagggggagtattaaaaaacgcgattaaaaatatcgacagcgtgacggacgaggacatgatttacacggacgataatccaaagccagaagaagcggaaaaggaaatgcgccagattggttattcatggcgaaggcacgaattaaaataccgccgagccgttaaactcgataaacctgctgaagaataa
>gene_16309|Rep-like protein
atgaatcatcctactgaaaaaaaccccaaaaaccaacccctagaccctgcgttatctgattacagcgcgaaagacgcgaaatgggatcaactgcgtggaagtaccgagcgcgttagtcagctactctttcgagtcggtgaatttgaaagctgggcgcatcggattcacgattgtacggggttcctccgattctcagagctggcaagcctcgaaacgggcgaaatcagtctaaagttacgttatgcggagttctgccatgtccgacactgccccatgtgccagatgaggagatccattgtgtaccgttcaagattcctcgaatttctctctcagagccactcagagcaatcaaaagcccgttgggtatatctgacactcacggtccccaatatgcccatagaatcgcttagaggcggtttacaggcaatgaacaaggcatggaacaagtttgttcagcgtaaagaatttaagccagttttaggttggatacggacgaccgaagtaactcgagagaagaaacggaaaggctacgcgcatccgcatttccatgtgttgatgatggtgccgccttcattcttcaaagtgaattatacgaagcaatcacgttggctggagatgtggcgcgaatgtatgcgcgatcactcaatcgagagtgttgacgttcgtgcggtgaagggcggtattgatacggcgattatggaaacagttaagacgttcacctactccgtaaaacctgaaactctggaagccgatcccgaatggacagtcgaatattttaaacaggttcataaacttcggtttatcgcgtcagggggagtattaaaaaacgcgattaaaaatatcgacagcgtgacggacgaggacatgatttacacggacgataatccaaagccagaagaagcggaaaaggaaatgcgccagattggttattcatggcgaaggcacgaattaaaataccgccgagccgttaaactcgataaacctgctgaagaataa
>gene_40247|Mobilization protein
atgttgccttttcggcaacaaggaggaagaaaaatcatggcgatttttcattttcatgccgcgcatattgaccgcatgaaggggcaaaaagcggcagtccgttgcacctatattgcacgcgctggcaagcacgacttgcggtgcagtggtcatgcaggaataccgttagaagagtggtgcatgaaagacggagaagccaacgcatggcggtattttcgggctgttgacctatatgagcgcaagacacgaggacggcttgcaaaaggacaaaaaaacgacatgccacaggaaaaacaagaatctgtggcaatgacatttgaatttgccttgccgagagaattaacacccgaccagcaacaacagcttgttgtggaatttttgcggcaatcaatgaccgctccagacgagcgcattatgccgcatcaatgggcaatacacgaaggcaagaacaacgaaaacccacattgccattgtatttttagccctaggctcacagatagttatgccaggccaacgcctggtcaattttttgccagggcaaacccgaaagccagggggcgcggtggagcgactaaaaaggcagatgtgggcagctggaagtggttaaaggcaacccgcaaattatgggaaatctgcgcaaataacgcattagaagcagctggcattgacgagcgaatcagcgcagaccgcatttatgaccatgacgaccccagccgcccgcgacatcatggcggatggaaatcccgcgttgattctgactttgacgccgccgccgccgaagttttgcggttagagcaggaactagcacaagaacgacaggagcttgatttattgcaaaatcaagcagccgccgctgatccagaccgacagacagacgaaagcctttttgatgggctggaccaagcgtccaagcctgcaaaaaggccgctaacggaggcagaattagatgcttatatttcaagcctcaaaagttcccccaaaccccgcccgcaataa
>gene_40346|recombinase
gtgtttgaaatggcaacaatatcaactcataatggttcagctgcacatcgtgatcataatctcagagggcactcaacagaccatcaggagcacataaaaaaagatggggtttatgaggtttggcgagatgaagctcctcgacaagcatataagagaatttttggtgatgcagttaatcaatataatgaaaaacagaaaattgcagacagaaagattaatgattactacaacaagattgtagaggacaaaaaaaagcatccagtctatgagatgataataggtgtctatggtgatgaaattaataaagctactgcaaaagatataatgcagaaatttgtagatggatggcagcagcgtaaccccaacttagcactcataggtgcatattatcacgcagacgaagaaggtcagccacatgtgcacattgattatgtgcctgtggctgatggatatacaagaggaatgagcatacagaacagcatctctaaggcattggaacaacaaggatttatcaaacaaggcagagcaacagcacagatacagtgggaacagagagagaaccaagcattagaggatatatgtaaccaatatggcataagcgttgagcatcctcaacgcaataaaggtgctcagcatctccatacagacacattcaaggcaaaaaaggaattagataccattaaggctgagataaacgcatctgagggcgaattagaagcaataaatgacaaggttcgcaagcttggtagtgtgcctattcgcaaggtggataaacatattattggcaaagacaaagagactgtaacaatgccaaaggaagaatacactaacttatggataatggctaatgtggtaggagatttgcaagaaacttctgcaaagcttaaagaacagcaaaaacaacttgagtcgcagcaaataatttatgatatagaaaaagcggaatatgagcgtaataaggctgaatttgagtacaaaaaaagcattgcagaggacaatattgaaaatgcccccaaatacaaacagaagatacgaaagcttaaagctgacaaggacgagttatcgtttacggtaaacgaattaagaaacgagattaacgagcttaaagaggacttgtatgatatgaaagatcatagggatatattagcaagtagtaacgttgaattgcataaacaagtaagggagcaagaaaaagaactaagcttttttagaagtgcctttggacgagtcaaagagtgggtgcttgaaaagttcaaatggattaaggaagctgaagaggttctcaaagatcctgaatgtaaagttagtcaggttaaccaaaattatcacgatatgggcgtaaataaatatggaccatttgcgacagtcattgacaacaagtattactatggatgttctgattatgatggttacatatcacgcaatgcattcatcgtgagaagatatatgaatgctgttgctgatgttgaaaaagagataggcagcagtgcatttgccgatgcagatataatagcagagggtaatgcactcatagcaaaagcaaatgagcgttctcatagcagaggacacagcagataa
>gene_55313|Initiator RepB protein
atggctattcagaagaaaaacttggtcgaaaaaagaaacgttctgaacgagatccgccgcaacaatatgacgttgcaggaaatgcggttttttagcatatacctttcaaaaataaatgctcgtgatatatcaaccagaaaggtctcttttcctttggaagatttccgtagaattatggaaattggaaggatgaatataaatcattttcaatctgttacaaacggtttgctcggaaaagttgttaatgtcaaagatgaaaacggagggtataccggttttcagctttttaagcgctgtaaggtttttaaggacgaatttgaacagtggtttgtggaaattgatgctcacgatgatgcgctgccgttgatgtttgattttaaaagagattattttacatacgaactttggaatgccttgaggttaaaatcaagcaatcagcttcggatgtatgaattgttgaaacaatatgaaaaagtgggggaacgtcgcattcttcttactgagcttaagcaatttcttggattggctgcagacgattatccacgttgggataatttcaaaagacgtattcttgatagttgccaagaagctttacttgaaaccactgacatttgttttgaatacactcctattaagtccggcagaaaaataactggcattcattttaaaatcaagaaaaatgatgattacatagatcagatgaccttagatgaattcattgaactgcaggcggcgaaggaagaggatgaacctccgcagaaagaagatcctattgctttaagcattgaagctctcccagatgaatttacgagagagcaaattatagctcttagagaactggcacttcctcatcttcctcttgacattatggacataggagaaaaggaaagatggctttatcattatttcactcagaaggttaagcttatgaaagcagagagcaatgttaagtatccttatggatggcttaaaaaagctgttgctgaagattggtaa
>gene_43775|Plasmid replication-like protein
ttgatatatgataaaataaaaaacgataaaggaattaggacattgagtaaagaattaacaacaggaattgacggaaacggaaaaaaattgcaaagtcgcatttggttcttttcccttgttgatgaagaaaacgacattccaaaaattattgaaaatttgaaagaatgttccgcctcgcaggtttttactattcttcacgataaggacaaaatcaaacaagatgatggcactaccgttccaaagagaaaccaccaccattttgcaataaggtttgaaaatcctaccgtcttaacaacaatagcaaatatttttgagttgcaaccgaacgattacaatttaatacaaaagtcaaagaattttcgtgcgtcttgccgttatatgttgcaccttgaccaaaaggacaaacatttatacgatataaaagaattgcaggttattaaaggcaccaaagacgattattacaatattgctattggcaaagcacagttcgtcactaccgacgctgatttgtttcccgattttgggaattttgataaagtcgggtataagcaacaatatttagacatattcaacaatattgacgaaccgcgaagaagaaatctattgattaaagaattagaaacaacctggaagaattatttgcaaaaaaggaagtatgaaatggaaagcaaaaatgtaaaagttattttcgtagaaggcaaagcaggaacaggcaaaagcacatttgcaaagtcccttgcagtcaataaccataaaacctattgtgtcagttcgtcttcaaacgatataatgcaagattacacctgcgaagattatttgatattagacgatttaagggacaattcgtttagttttgaagatttactcaaacttttagacaattatgttatatcaaccgttaaaagccgttataacaacaaattgttcttgggtgagtatattgttataacttccgccaaaccgcttgaagaatggtataaggacagtcaggaa
>gene_20941|Replication protein rep
atggacttaatcaaaatgaataacgaccttataaacctgccgttgcgcaagttcaatgcaagtgaaatagatatactgcatacgatatgtttcgaaatgaagaataagggactggaagagataaccctgggattcgacgaaatacgaaagctgtcgcactttcagaacaagaacaatgagcagtttctgagcgctatacacgctatgaatgaaaagctgatagctctgcactttaccattaccgacggaagtacgttcactcaattcgtgctgtttcctacattcgttacggatccgaacgctcagacgctgagagtgcgcgtaaacaaggattttaaatatttgttgaacgacttcatgcgtgattataccagctttgagctggagcagtctgcccagctcaaatcaacctatgcaaagcaaatctacaagaaattacatcaattcaaatcaactggattatggattacatcgctggaagaattccgcgagtttctagtcattccagcaagctacggaacaggacagattgaacaatcaataatcaagccagcacttgaagagctggaaccactattcgagaatctgaatctcgtccaccattatgcacccaagaaaaaaggacagcgtggaagacgcgcgattactggctatgaattcaggttcacaccgttctcgatagagggtgtaaagacatctgctgaccagcaagaacgcgttggcagcgtgaccggctgggaaaagacggcacgctattgtccgaagtgtaagcgcatgatgtaccgcaagcagatgacgaacgaagacggtgactattatctctatggtcacccagacttcaggagtggggaatgcgattacactacgttcgattatgctgacttgctcgataactaccagctgactgacgaagaaccgttgaccgaggaacagctagataataagaaaaggctgtcgaaattcttcggctcgctattcggctcgggggattga
>gene_4922|Replication protein
atgaatagtcaagataataaaattttagattttgaagaactcaatgataagtttgggcccaagaaagaagataatcttctgcttggttctgcttaccataaacttggttatctcaatagagctatgagagtaagccagtgtggtacttatcttgaatttgctcatgagtttgatatagaaacaggcattattgcagataagggtagactacattctgctaacttctgcagagaccctttgtgtcctacttgtgcttggagaaagtctttgaaacaagtagcacaactatctgcggttcttaatcatgaagatatcaaagacaagtatcggtatatcttcattacgttgactattccgaatgtttcatatgattcattggatgctggtatagataagtgtttgcatggctttgataggcttatgaaacgtaaaagataccagaatgtcatttcaggatactttaggtctcttgaagttactgtaaacccaagaactaaaacgtttcatcctcacattcatgtactttgtcttgtaccaacatcttacggagaagattgctatatagtccgtgatgatttacttaatgattggcgtgaagttactcgggatcagagcatcacacaggttgatatcagaacagtaaaacaacagtctgatacagacggtcatctgtatgatttatcttcagctgctcttgaagttgctaaatatgctgcaaagattccgaaacgttcttatcagcctaaaatcataaattatttgcttttgggtctatccaatagaagaacgtcttcttatggtggagtaatgaaaactgtattcgcaaaactcaagcttgaggatattgagtcagctgatttagttcatattggggatgatgttccttcaccggttatacagtacatagtctgttatggatggactccatccggttatcaaattcttaattcgaggttagaaggtcttaatgatgatgaattgtccgtatgttga
>gene_33366|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_45013|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_40819|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_35759|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_37598|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_34959|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_34382|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_58078|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_33689|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_34613|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_36353|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_43870|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctaaatcgtgcgctcgtttccaacccgtcaagccgggttctgaagaacataatcgacgcctgaagaagctcgattatattcgtgaggagctgaccaagaacaacatgtcctggtcggctcagagtgttgctgatcgcctggagcagatcaagcaactggtgaaggagaagaccggccggtctctccagtcgaaggctacccccatccgtgaggcggtcgtgctgctgaagcgtgagaccaccatggaggatctgcaccgactccgagcagcttacaaggagcggttcggcatcgacgtgttccagatcgacgtccacaaggatgagggacacttcaacaagaaaggcaagtgggtcggtaattaccatgcccatgtgacagcggacttcaccaaccatgcgaccgggaagtccctgaagttaaccaggcagcagatgtccgagcttcagacagtcactgccgaggttctgggcatggagcgtggtgtgtcatccgaccggaaacacctcaccgccctccagttcaaagtccaggccatgcagaagcagctggaggaacttcgccaggagatatcctccatggacgtaaccaaggccgtgaagcagcgccttctgggtatcctgaacatgtccggcaaggacaaggtaattactcaggagaggaacgagaaggagcagcttgccaaggaggtggccgacctgaaggaaaagaacaagcagctccgggcagcagtcaaggccgagcagcagaaagcctctcaggaagccgagaaagcctctgcggccactcgtgtgaggattgccagggctgcaggcttatatcaggccagacccaaccagaaatgcggcatcgaggaactggtagaggatatcaaggccatgcgcagccgggaaaactcctactatcgtgagaaccaggaactgaagcaggagaaccaacgtctgaagcgcagcctggagcctgatcagacacagcagcttcacaggtaa
>gene_1923|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggctatttttcactgccaggcaaaggctataagcagggcatcaggaagaagcgcaacaggagctgcagcgtatagagctggagtatatctgaagaatgagaggactggagagatccatgattacagccgtaagcagggagtcgatcactctgagatcatcactccagacggaagcaagatagaccgctcagacctttggaatcgagcagaggaagcagagaagcgcaaggatgcaaaagtagcacgtgaatgggagcttgccttaccagccgaattgaacgccgtcgagcggaagatgcttgcccgtagttttgcgcgagaattggcttcacgctacggagtagctgccgatatatgcatacatgccccaagccgagagggagatgagcgaaaccaccatgcacatatactgacaactacgagaacttttgcggcggggagtctgggggcaaagacccgcatcctggacagtccaaagagcagtgggaaggaagtagaaaggatgcgtagtacctgggcagacttggtgaaccgagccctggagagagccgggcatagcgagcggatagatgcccgtagcttgaaagcacaaggcatccatcgaccaccgactatccacctggggccgacagctacagcgatggagcgcagaggtatccagacggagcgtggggacttgaatcgtgagcgtcaacggatgccaggagtcatagagttagaggcggtggaagctctggatactgggatcagtgcagcacgggatcgtgctaaactttggcgagaggaaaaggcccggcaggaaagggagcaaaaagagcgcgagctcgaggcagcaagagagcgtcaaagacagcaggagcaggagaaacagcgtcaagaggccgagcgcaaagcagagcttgccagacaacgcgaggccgcagaaaaggcccgtgccgaacgggagaaggaaccacggcaacggagtcggggaatggggatgggacgatga
>gene_27321|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cacggcggctatgaatttgcaaaacagttttatgccgatgcctataaagccgctgtggagatcgtgggcggtgaacagtatatcctctccgctgtgatgcacgccgatgaacgcaaccaggcaatgtccgaagcgctgggcgaggatgtgtaccactaccatcttcatgtggtttatatccctgtggtggaaaagcagatcctttggtcgaagcggtgtaaggatgaagccctccggggaaccgtaaaggaaacgatcacgcaggtcagtcgaagtaagaaatgggactgcaagccggtgcttgacgaaaacggtaatcccatgattaacgcaaaaggaaaaaagatattgaagtcatcctacagtgtgttgcaggatgacttctttcagttcatgcgtgcagccggatatgacgatgtggagcgtggagaacgtggcagcactgaagaacatctgacggtgacacagtttaaggtgcaggcagagcagcagcgtttggaagctgtgaccggacaggtggcacaggcagaacaaagtttggaggacgccaaggctgccacagagaaacagaaaaagaaactggaagctctgcaaaaggaaaccaaggcagtaaagaccgttgctctgacggtgcaggatattgaagcgatgggtaagaaagttaaattcggaaacaatatcacgctgacaccggatgaatgtgacacgctgaaacgctatgccaccaatggcattatcatcaatgcagagaatgagcgattgaaagggaaactggaatcggctcaaaagtctgcatccatttggaagcagcgatgtgaagaagcaaatataaaatatcaggaattgaaacagaaagcccagcctttccttgatgcactggaagttgcatccgaaaaggtttgggcttttatcaattctatcctcgccagaggaaaggaaacacaggaacacaaagcacctgcccgcaagcgtggacaggacatggaaatttga
>gene_36447|Mob
atgaaatatgcaattttgagaacaaaaaaactcaaggaatggggcaatatttgtgcgagcttggagcataattttcgggaacgattgacccctaatgctgatgaaaatcggacggcgttgaatatccacgtagggggaaattcaaccgcagaagttcgagagaaaatcgaaaagggattaccggcaaagtatcgggctgattgcgtgaaatgcgttgaatatttgattacagcaagccctgaatggtttgagttggcaaatgaaagagagatcaaacaatactttgatgattcgattgagtggctcaaagaacgacacggagcggagaatatcaagtgcatttcgatacacaatgacgaaacaacaccgcaccttgtggcgtatgttgttccgcttgatgagcgtgggaaactgaattgtaagaagtttttaggcggcaagaaattgatgtccgagatgcaagatgattttgcagaacgagtggggcgaaacgtgcttttaaagcgtggtattaaaggctcaaaagcaaagcacgagagagtgcaacggttctacggagaactgaaaagcaatgatacgccaaaacttacctatgaagatcttagaccgcagttagtcaaaaaagggctttttcagaacacctacgaagacgatagcgtagtgatcgaacgagtgaacaagagaatgtctgaaatccttgagaacaaacaagccaagatccacgctatgaacaaagaaattcaagagctgaaagaaggtgttgagagagccaaaagggacgggaatttaaaaaacttcgatttagaacgccaaaatcaagcgttaaagcgtgaattaatcgaaaccctagagaaccataagctaaacactaaagggctctctacggctcaattagacgcattaaacgctaaaatcggggagtttagggcggaaaacgaaaaagagcgtattgagaaagctcaaaaacgctcttttagcggtgtgaaaatctaa
>gene_19708|Mob14-2
gtgacgtttacacttgccgctttttttaaaaaaattacaggaggtaaaaagaaaatgggctttaaatgtttaccgcagataatgggtttaactcgtcagtctgcagccgccgcaatgaaaaaagataatcgtggcggaataaaggaaatcattgaagaatttttagaaacaagatactcaaagagtgaagtcttagaccgtgaaagaagtaagttaaatgagtatttcagatacaacgattttaacgcgaatatgtcagcttctgaaatcgtaagtgaaatagaatttgaagttgcaagacgccgtacaaaagtaaagactaaaaacggaactgctgagcgtgcaattcgtaaagatgccgttgttggttgggcggttataatcaatcctccggatgaagtaaaaaaagattggacgcctgaacagaataaccagttttacaatgacagcatggaatatatggcgcagcttcatgagatgtttaggaaagataattatatttgcggcgctgttcactgggatgaaggagatccggatctgattgcggaaggttatgatttatcgcattttcatagcgccggatacgcaaaagacaaaaacggggaatttacttgtggtaatgagattgattttaaaatgaaggatagaataaacagagaatatgccgctttcatgagggcgaagggttgggacgttgacgaccccgaaacaaggtatgataagacagataagaccccgaagaagtcaatgaccgctaacgaatacaggcatttcaagcgtgctgagaagtttgaaaagcaggctaaagacctgaaagatagagtagttgatttagtaaacaagtataataacgcagcaagcaagtataacaagaagaacgaagaaaataagcagcttaaagctgataaagctgcagctgatacagaagttacacagctgaaagctgaccttgaagctgaaagaaataagccggctgaggttatagacaat
>gene_32652|Replication protein
atgagtgataatcaacttattacaaaatcaaatcagcttatacaaggaacaataaatagtatgtctgtaaaagaagttaaacttatggctgttcttcttgcagaatatcgtaatgcttgggatagagataacctttgtactcaaactattcttaaccgaaaagaatttcttaattaccttgatgttaattcaggcggttcgagttatgaatatcttaatactgttttagataaattcgcaactaaagcttattgtcaatggcaagaccctgtaacacagcgcagcaatattacattttacttcaaaaacatttcttacaatactactaataacggtaatactgatattatttttacttggaatgaagaaatgacaccttttattgttggtttggataagaactttacaaaaatattcaaacacaatatattatccctccaaagtaaaaaatctatcactctatatgaattactgaaatcttatgccggtagaaaatatcctccaacacttactgttgatgaactcaaagaaaaacttgatatgcaatctccagcttataatgttttcaaagatttttataagcgtggtatcgaagagcctttaaaagaaataaatgaaaatacagatattcgtgttttagtagtaaaaaatagagataaatcggacaagagaaaaatagtatctcttactttcaaaatcaaaagtcaagccgaaaagaaggtttggtgggaatatgattttccaaaagtcaaacttactgaagaagaattttctgaagtaaaaaattggatttaccctgttcatcacaaagaactattaactgaactcgaaaagaaaattgatgaaataggcaatgttaaaggtggacactataaatggctaaaaagtagatatgaaaacaaaatgaataaatacaaagaaaaacaaacaaaaaatgaaaacatctcggatgatgattattataggtctttatttgcaaataaagatttatga
>gene_57905|Rep7
atgctacggctatatgataccacagaaagcttgaaaaatcaagaggaagagcctgtaaaggggctgacagcccgtaaaaaggagaatatcatgctggctgatattgcgaaaagggcaggatgcgaggacatagaaaaaaggcttcggtcgtgcggttctatgcctgtgataggtatccataaggaaacgggcgagcggggaattgtctctatgtatcactgccatgtgcggctttgcccgatgtgcgaatgggccagagcgcgggcgaattatgcgcggcttagtgccgcgttaaacctgataaaggaggaagaaccggggctagtgccttgcttcttgacgctgacgctcaaaaatgtacctgcggttgaactgcgggctacaatttctcatatgggacgaagctttaaccgactgatgaaatacagggatttacggtgcgtgcaggggtactggcgcgccttagaggtgacacgcaaccgcgatacagggatgtatcacccccacctgcacgtgcttttgctaatggagccgggctatgccagcaagggcaaggcttacataaagcatggaaaatttgtagacctgtggcggaaagccctccgcgaggggtacgaccccagcgtgaagatacagagggtgggctatggaaaggatgcggaaatagagcacaaggccgtgctggaagtgtgcaagtacacggtgaaaggctccgacatgtttcaaggttcggacaagcttcaggcgcgcattttcgacgagttgcgattcgctctcatgggcttgcgttttgtgggggctggcggtgttatcaaggaagctttgaaagcactgaaaatggaggatttggaaagcccggaaagcccagaggatatgagtgtggcgcggcgggtgcaggcgaatcctgccgactggattttgctttactggcgatggggtgcaagcggctacatactggatattagaacggatggtgaagaaaatgagtattga
>gene_40289|Replication initiation factor
atgtataaggtttttattatggtacacaaagaaaccgggtatgtcaataccattgaggtacaaaaaaaagatatttctaaaaagtatcatttcagtatcgtatcagcatcagatgtaaaacatgtacacagtgcagggagtgaagcggacggtgtggcatccgatccgcgaagggaggatgacgcgccggacgcggaacgactggacacttgcgcaggttcttcaacaagttgcatatacggcaccgctgtgcatcttggggaacattcggacggggtcgctcagggtaacacgaccccctcaaatcgccatttaaagacagaacatacacaagagtatagtgaaaaagaagaaaaaccagcgccccttcttaataacataaggggcgcaaacaaccaaacgggaacagttgtatacgatacactccacatccgtgctcaactacgctgggaagtaaatggcggtttgcaggataaagtaaaaggttgtgaagcgcctaaactattaaacaaaaatacatggcttgaatatctcggacaacaacaggaccttttgcgggctggtgagctggaagttgccgaggttgaatttggtggtttgcgttgggcattgcagccgggtggcattggcaagtggcgtaaatatgacttccaccttattgctgatggtggtttgcgactggcttttcgtaagatagaccgggacgagtacgattgtaacatatacctcggttctctggcattgcatactgctggcggtcttggtgctgtgtgggacgacatcaaggcgcggtttgctctcgagggcatcgaaattgttaaaaatcaaccttttagagttgaccagtgtttggacgtgccaaacgtgcaagtaggtgaattttgtgagcgttataacgaccacaaatatatatgcagggcgcgcaatgtaatatatcaccaaggcgatatagaggatgttgaccagatgacaggggcgcaggtataccagcggggccggcgttatactgggcttgtaactggctcttctgatgcgcctttgcggttacgcatatatgacaagctgctggagtcaaagcacaaaccggaaaaattgcaggctctttgggacaagttgcacctgacagagtggccggaacatattacacgcattgaatttcagatgaggacaaaagcactgcgccaaatacaggtggacggccagccattaaacacagtcgaggaccttgtgaagcacgaaagtgccctttggcagtatctcacagagaattggtgtattttcacagatgaagcaccggacggctcacactatgaccgctgtaaagtttgggaggtatggcgccaggtccagggtgcaaggggatatgtaggcacccaagcggtacgaaattaccggggcggtattgtgccctctgaagcattacttgaccaggcgcttggttctctcaataggtggggagcacaaacgtatggcgagcactacaaaggtcggcgtatgttcaaacaggttcttatggttctatataatacacctgatgacgtgcttgaaaagagtatgacaaagcacgtcaaaaag
>gene_7444|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
atgaaagagaacatcattcaggcgatagttgcggaaatgcagcgtgacttggattgccgacaaatggcacggcttaaagctgtgcttgcatcagaactgcataatgtagaaatcattgaaaaaagcgattgcgccacacagcaaacgcaagagaatgagcatcttctaaactcctttatatctgcaaagaagatagagggatgttcggacaagacattagcatactaccgcaataccattgagcgattgttggttacgctctctttggctatttgccacatcagtacaacggacattcgcacttatctgtccgattatcaagaagaacaccaatcaagtaaagtaaccatcgacaatatgaggcgcattttctccagtttctttgcatggctggaagatgaagattatatcgccaaaagcccggtcagacggattcacaaagtaaaaacggattcacttgtaaaggaggtactttctgacgaacaattagagcaacttcgtgattgttgcaccaacaagagagaccttgccattatagacattcttgcatccacaggcatccgtgtgggtgagttggttaaactgaaccgtgaggatatagatttccatgagcggcaatgtgtggtattcggtaaaggcaacaaagagcgtgtagtttacttcaacgcccgtacaaaactacatttgcaacaatatcttaatgagcgaacagacgacaatcctgccttatttgtttcccttaactcgccacattcacgactgactatcagcggtgtggaagttagaatcaggaaattggggcaatccctttctatgcccaaagttcatcctcacaagttccgtcgaacccttgcaacaatggctatcgacaaaggtatgcccatcgaacaagtacagcgattactcggtcatgtacgcattgacacaacactgcactatgccattgtgaatcaaaacaatgtaaagttggcgcataagaaatatttaggataa
>gene_27295|Replication protein
ttgcaagataattgtagcataaaatcggggcagtgtcaaggtacacccgataaggaaattaaggaaaagttcgaaccgaaaaagaaacaaagtattttgcttgcagcttcttatgctcgtatagggtatgagcataagtctgaaaatgtagaaaattgcggtacttttcttgaatttgccaaaactgctgattgtgactttaagttacataaagcaaatttctgtcgtgacagattgtgtccaatgtgcagttggcgcaggtcttacaagattttttcgcaggtgtcacagattatgagcgtcatttgtgactcatactgttatttgtttttgactctcacagttccgaattgctccgcagatgagctttcagattgtattgacggtctgagttatgcttggttcaagtttagccattataagcgttttaaggacgttgtaaggggttattttaaggctttagagattactcgcaataaatcaaatggttcttatcacccccattttcatgttgttctcgctgtcgataaaaagtattttaaggatagcaagtatataaagcgtgatgaatggcttgcattgtggcagaaagcgactaaggataagtctataacgcaggttgatataagacgtgcaaagggtaaaaaggacggttcaactgctgtcaaggctttgtcttctgctgttgccgaaattgcaaagtatgctgtcaagtccgcagattatattattgtcgataatgagccgttaatggacgatattgtttttactttgtcttatgctttgcatggtcgcagactttgcgcttttggtggtgtttttgaggaagtcagacggcagttaatgcttgatgatgtggaagacggagatctgatccacgttgacggaaatatttccggggatttagcagttcagatttatcgttatggttggtcttgtggctgttataagctgatagaaattgatactcctgcaaagggggtgtcagaatga
>gene_7404|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerC
atggagaatagtttagtattaaggttcaatgacacgtttattagcaagcagaacagaacagagcttaacattactgaagccctggtcaatgactatgccaaaaggctgcaggtaagtgataccagcaaggccacatacttatacaacttgcagagctttacaacctggcttgcagatcagaacatagagagcattagccaggacacgctgctggattacagatgttatttgctggcgaactacaaggccaatgcggttaacagttatctagctgccgttaagagcttctttaactacctggaggctagaggcttcaccaactatgccagggatctgaagcttgttagggtagaccagagcattaaagcaaaggacaacctaacgctagaccaggtgctaggcatttacagaaaccttgaagccggaacagaagaagaggccagggcaagagcaatgtttattcttatggtaggaactggattaagaagcattgaggttgttaacgccaacattaactctatacagacccagggcaacgccaaagtgctgctgcttcaaggcaagggatacaacaacgctaaagacaacgttagcaggcttgtgatcctgcagccgctggtcattaacgccctgcaagactacttgaggtttagacccaatgccaaagacaacgagccgctatttacaagcaccagcaacagaaacgcccagggacgcctcactacaagaagcgttaggaacattgttaagggcatatacaaggccaacggcattatctctgaacggataacaacacatagcaccaggcatacggccattacgttatccttgttaagcggtgcaacgatccaggaaacccagcagctggccggacacaagaacattaacacaacgatgatttacgcccacaacctaaacagactaaccaacaatgcggaaagcaagatagatacaatgctggcagaggcaatgaaaggaggtatgaatggctaa
>gene_53952|replication protein, partial
gattcccgctggatgttcctgaccctgaccgtgcgcaactgtgcgatcggggagctgggcgatacgctgagccggatgaacacggctttccagcggctgaaggatcgcaaagagttcagaccagttcagggatggatccgcaccacggaagtcacccgcggcagtgacggcagcgcacacccgcacttccacacactgatgatggttccgcctggcatgcttaacgggaagagttacgtcaaacatgcgcgctgggttgagctgtggcgggagtgccttcgggtcagctacgatccgaatgtcgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccggaagccgaaggacggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcggtggccgagaccctgaaatattccacgaagccggccgacatggtcgccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtggcgaccggcggcgcactcaaagacgtattgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggggatgatatttccgagggcgatgatgacggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaatcgaggtcaaaaaataccggcgttcgccgacgaaagataaaaccgaatcagagtaa
>gene_32763|replication protein, partial
ctgcttgcagccgaatatgagcgctacggggcgcgtatggccctctgtggcggtttactgcgtttcgggtggtctaccctcaaggaaaccggagaaacgcgtctgaggctgcgtgaggcgcatttctgccgtgtccggcattgtcctgtctgccagtggaggcgttccctgatgtggcaagctcgtttctaccagtctctgccgcgtatcgtggcggattatcccgatgcccgctggatgttcctgaccctgaccgtgcgcaactgtgcgatcggggagctgggcgagatgctgaaccggatgaatgcagcttttcagcgcatgaaggttcgtaaggagttcctgcctgttcagggttggatacgtaccactgaagttacccgtggcagtgatggtagcgcacacccgcacttccacaccctgatgatggtgccgcctggcatgctaaatgggaaaagttacgtcaggcatgaacgctgggttgagttgtggcgggagtgtctgcggctcgattatgacccgaatgttgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccgtaagccgaaggatggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcagtggctgaaaccctgaaatattccacgaaaccggccgacatggtggccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtagcaaccggcggcgcactcaaggatgtactgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggagatgatatttccgagggcgacgatgatggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaaccgaggtcagaaagtaccgccgttcaccgacgaaagataaaactgaatcagactag
>gene_37118|Replication protein
atgtggcaagctcgtttctaccagtctctgccgcgtatcgtggcggattatcccgatgcccgctggatgttcctgaccctgaccgtgcgcaactgtgcgatcggggagctgggcgagatgctgaaccggatgaatgcagcttttcagcgcatgaaggttcgtaaggagttcctgcctgttcagggttggatacgtaccactgaagttacccgtggcagtgatggtagcgcacacccgcacttccacaccctgatgatggtgccgcctggcatgctaaatgggaaaagttacgtcaggcatgaacgctgggttgagttgtggcgggagtgtctgcggctcgattatgacccgaatgttgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccgtaagccgaaggatggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcagtggctgaaaccctgaaatattccacgaaaccggccgacatggtggccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtagcaaccggcggcgcactcaaggatgtactgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggagatgatatttccgagggcgacgatgatggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaaccgaggtcagaaagtaccgccgttcaccgacgaaagataaaactgaatcagactag
>gene_309|Replication protein
ctgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtggcgaccggcggcgcactcaaagacgtattgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggggatgatatttccgagggcgatgatgacggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaatcgaggtcaaaaaataccggcgttcgccgacgaaagataaaaccgaatcagagtaa
>gene_53128|replication protein
atgtggcaagcccgtttctaccagtccctgccgcgtatcgtggcggattaccccgattcccgctggatgttcctgaccctgaccgtgcgcaactgtgcgatcggggagctgggcgatacgctgagccggatgaacacggctttccagcggctgaaggatcgcaaagagttcagaccagttcagggatggatccgcaccacggaagtcacccgcggcagtgacggcagcgcacacccgcacttccacacactgatgatggttccgcctggcatgcttaacgggaagagttacgtcaaacatgcgcgctgggttgagctgtggcgggagtgccttcgggtcagctacgatccgaatgtcgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccggaagccgaaggacggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcggtggccgagaccctgaaatattccacgaagccggccgacatggtcgccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtggcgaccggcggcgcactcaaagacgtattgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggggatgatatttccgagggcgatgatgacggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaatcgaggtcaaaaaataccggcgttcgccgacgaaagataaaaccgaatcagagtaa
>gene_57380|Replication protein (Fragment)
tacgtcaaacatgcgcgctgggttgagctgtggcgggagtgccttcgggtcagctacgatccgaatgtcgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccggaagccgaaggacggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcggtggccgagaccctgaaatattccacgaagccggccgacatggtcgccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtggcgaccggcggcgcactcaaagacgtattgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggggatgatatttccgagggcgatgatgacggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaatcgaggtcaaaaaataccggcgttcgccgacgaaagataaaaccgaatcagagtaa
>gene_35214|replication protein
atgtggcaagcccgtttttatcagtccctgccgcgtattgttgcggattatccagatgcacgctggatgttcctgaccctcacagtgcgaaactgcgcgatcggggaattgggtgagacacttaaccgaatgaacatggccttccagcgacttaaggatcgcaaagagtttcgacctgttcagggctggatccgcaccacggaagttacacgtggaagtgacggtagtgcgcacccgcactttcacactctgatgatggttcctccctcaatgttcacgcgagattacgttaaacatgaccgctgggtagagctttggcgagagtgtttgcgtgtgaattacgatccgaatgttgatgttcgagcagtaaaaccccgcaagcctaaggacggagaatcattggcttctgcaactgcggaacttgtacggggcgcagtggctgaaaccctgaaatattccacgaagccggctgacatggttgctgatcctgaatggttcctcgaattgactaagcagacacataagcgccgatttgtggctaccggtggcgcactcaaagacatactgaaactcgatcaggaaactgatgccgatatggtaatcggggatgatattcccgaaggcgatgatgatggttcacgcattgcttttgagtggaaaaccgaatccaaaaagtaccgtcgctcaccgtcaaaagataaagctgaatcagactga
>gene_37116|Replication protein, partial
atgaaaaatcctgaactccagaacctcacggactattccccctcagatgcgccctgggacgctcacagaagcgtttctgatgacgtgggagggatttacctgcttgcagccgaatatgagcgctacggggcgcgtatggccctctgtggc
>gene_4912|Replication protein
atgtggcaagctcgtttctaccagtctctgccgcgtatcgtggcggattatcccgatgcccgctggatgttcctgaccctgaccgtgcgcaactgtgcgatcggggagctgggcgagatgctgaaccggatgaatgcagcttttcagcgcatgaaggttcgtaaggagttcctgcctgttcagggttggatacgtaccactgaagttacccgtggcagtgatggtagcgcacacccgcacttccacaccctgatgatggtgccgcctggcatgctaaatgggaaaagttacgtcaggcatgaacgctgggttgagttgtggcgggagtgtctgcggctcgattatgacccgaatgttgatgtccgggcagtgaaaccccgtaagccgaaggatggcgaatcgctggcctgcgcgaccgccgaactggtgcgcggcgcagtggctgaaaccctgaaatattccacgaaaccggccgacatggtggccgatcctgaatggttcctcgaactgacccgccagacgcacaagcgccgctttgtagcaaccggcggcgcactcaaggatgtactgaaactcgatcaggaaaccgatgccgacatggtgatcggagatgatatttccgagggcgacgatgatggttcccgcatcgcgttcgagtggaaaaccgaggtcagaaagtaccgccgttcaccgacgaaagataaaactgaatcagactag
>gene_36263|replication protein, partial
cgtttctatcagtccctgccaaagatcgttgcggaatatcctgatgcacgctggctgttcctgaccctgaccgtccgtaactgtccgattacggagcttggcgacaccctgaccgtgatgaatgcggccttccagcgcctgaaagatcgcaaagagtttcgcggcgtgctgggctgggtgcgcacgacggaagtcacccgcggcaaggacggcagcgctcacccccatttccacaccctgctgatggtttccccctcgatgttgtccggtgatggttatgtgaaacatgcccgatgggtggagttgtggcgcgactgtctgcgggtggagtatgacccgaacgtcgacatcagggttgtgaagtccagaaaaccgaaagacggtgaatcgttgccctgttctgtggtggatcaactgcgcggggtggtggttgaaacactgaaatattctacaaagcccgccgacatgctggtcgatcctgaatggttcctagagttaacacgccaggtacacaagcgccgttttgtggcgacgggtggtgtgcttaaggacgttttgcaactggagcgggaaacgaacgaggatttgattatggcagatggcatggcagagggtgcggatgacggatcgcgtctggcgttttcatggcgggcggtggctaaaaagtatcgccgagatcgcacaatggataagccaaaacagaaataa
>gene_31731|replication protein, partial
gcccgtttctatcagtccctgccaaagatcgttgcggaatatcctgatgcacgctggctgttcctgaccctgaccgtccgtaactgtccgattacggagcttggcgacaccctgaccgtgatgaatgcggccttccagcgcctgaaagatcgcaaagagtttcgcggcgtgctgggctgggtgcgcacgacggaagtcacccgcggcaaggacggcagcgctcacccccatttccacaccctgctgatggtttccccctcgatgttgtccggtgatggttatgtgaaacatgcccgatgggtggagttgtggcgcgactgtctgcgggtggagtatgacccgaacgtcgacatcagggttgtgaagtccagaaaaccgaaagacggtgaatcgttgccctgttctgtggtggatcaactgcgcggggtggtggttgaaacactgaaatattctacaaagcccgccgacatgctggtcgatcctgaatggttcctagagttaacacgccaggtacacaagcgccgttttgtggcgacgggtggtgtgcttaaggacgttttgcaactggagcgggaaacgaacgaggatttgattatggcagatggcatggcagagggtgcggatgacggatcgcgtctggcgttttcatggcgggcggtggctaaaaagtatcgccgagatcgcacaatggataagccaaaacagaaataa
>gene_57711|mobilization protein
atggctacgatatcaacgcataacggaagcaaagtttccagacaacacaatattcgaaatccgaaagtcgtttcaaaagaggagcatataaatcctaatggtcgttatgaaatttgggtagatgaaaaacccagagaagcatacaaacgacttttcggagatgccgtaaaaaaatataatgcaaaacaaaaaaggtcagatagaaagattgatgactattacaaaaaagtctgccaggataaaaagaaacatccagtttacgaaatgatagttggagtctacgacaaaaatttgtcagacgataccaaaagagaaattctcaaagagtatctcgacggctggaaggaacgcaatccaaatttggagttgattggtgcatacttccatgccgacgaggaaggcgaaccacacttgcatattgattatattcctgtggttcgcaattgctctagaggattagaaacccaaaccgccttggtcaaggccttggagcaacaaggcattgaaccaggcgaaacaatgaaagagacagcacaaattttatgggaggcaaaagaaaatagccatctagaaagtttgtgcaatgctcgtggcattgctgtcgaacatccccaaaaaggaaataaaaaagtccgtcatttagagacacaggtttataaaacaacaatgaggaaaaagtcagttgaaactgaacttgcgattaaagaatcccagctcgatgagatttcaaaaaaactgcaggaaggtgtaaaaaaattggacgaggttgaaaacctcgaaagaaaaagtgtttatgatttaatccatgattttatagacctttgtaattttccaaaagactatgaaaagtcggcacatgaccttatcgatgcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaggaacaagtccaaaaaataaagacttggaaccctaaaaaagaaaaaagggatactgttgtaaaagaaaaaaggaaaggaattgatgacatagataggtaa
>gene_26036|mobilization protein
atggctacgatatcaacgcataacggaagcaaagtttccagacaacacaatattcgaaatccgaaagtcgtttcaaaagaggagcatataaatcctaatggtcgttatgaaatttgggtagatgaaaaacccagagaagcatacaaacgacttttcggagatgccgtaaaaaaatataatgcaaaacaaaaaaggtcagatagaaagattgatgactattacaaaaaagtctgccaggataaaaagaaacatccagtttacgaaatgatagttggagtctacgacaaaaatttgtcagacgataccaaaagagaaattctcaaagagtatctcgacggctggaaggaacgcaatccaaatttggagttgattggtgcatacttccatgccgacgaggaaggcgaaccacacttgcatattgattatattcctgtggttcgcaattgctctagaggattagaaacccaaaccgccttggtcaaggccttggagcaacaaggcattgaaccaggcgaaacaatgaaagagacagcacaaattttatgggaggcaaaagaaaatagccatctagaaagtttgtgcaatgctcgtggcattgctgtcgaacatccccaaaaaggaaataaaaaagtccgtcatttagagacacaggtttataaaacaacaatgaggaaaaagtcagttgaaactgaacttgcgattaaagaatcccagctcgatgagatttcaaaaaaactgcaggaaggtgtaaaaaaattggacgaggttgaaaacctcgaaagaaaaagtgtttatgatttaatccatgattttatagacctttgtaattttccaaaagactatgaaaagtcggcacatgaccttatcgatgcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaaggaacaagtccaaaaaataaagacttggaaccctaaaaaagaaaaaagggatactgttgtaaaagaaaaaaggaaaggaattgatgacatagataggtaa
>gene_54527|Plasmid replication protein
ttgtcttattttgattatagcacagaaaaagagcttttgcaagtaaaaatagaaaaattcaaagatttggaaagtagggtcgcgaacaaagataaatatcaaggtcgatattactgtacgatgacaaaaaaccaaatcaaaaactttcaggaatgcgggcattatatagagtgtgatgacgagggcaacatcttacgggcgaatttctgtcggcatagattttgtacgatatgcaataaaagatatagcagtaaaaaatatgcgatagtgaaagaattagcggacgagctcaatcaagaaacagctccaaattggatttttattacattgacagttaaaaacccagacggcgaaaatcttaaagatacaatatcgcacctcatgaaaagtattaatcgttttttcagttgcaagtttttcagaaaccgcgtagacggcttttttcgcagtttggaaataacatacaaccaaaaagatgatacatatcacccacactaccacatattacttgcagttccaagtgactattacaaaaatcccgacctttacgcccaggcttacgagtggcggcaagtgtgggaacgttccgcaaggcttgattattcgtgtcagtttcacataacagccgttaaaggtgatgatttgggggcggcggtcgcagaagtagccaaatatgcggtcaagctgtcacaagtcgttgaatgtggggaagaagccttaaaaacagtcgcgaatgcagttcggggacggcgtttaatcagcttcggcggaatactcagaccaatgcaaaaggaagttcaaaagcaacaccaaaaagagttcaatgacaggcttgcagataaagacaggtcagggaaaataacccgatataatttcaatgtcaaaaccggagaatatgatatatttctcccttactcggtcaatcaagacggtgaaataacaaatagaccctgctatatcaatcaagacggtgaaataacagacatttaa
>gene_27266|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgccggaatcaggggggaacatggcgaactacgcgataatgcgctgcaaaaagctgacgggaatgggaagcgtggccagcgcgttgcagcactgctaccgagagcgtgagacgccgaacgctaacgctgaacggacaccagaaaactactgctctgtgtccaaatcaacggatcaggcaatggggcgtgtgcgggagctgctgccggaaaaacgccgtaaagatgcggtactggccgttgaatacgttatgacagcaagccctgagtggtggaaagaggccacaccacggcagcaggcggagtttttcgcccgctctgagcaatggctggagaagaaatacgggaaggatcgtgttgtggcggcggtggttcaccgggacgaggccaccccgcacctgtctgcgttcgtggtgccattgacgcaggatggacggctgtccgcgaaagagtttattggcgggcggtcaaagatgcgtgaagatcagagcacctacgctgaatcagtaaaaaaactgggtcttgagcgcggcatcgagggaagccgcgccacgcatcagacagttcagcactactacgaatcgataaaccgtggcacccgtagccaggtatcgatctcgccggaggcgctggagccgcgtgtattgcggaagggcattttcaccaaagacgtggaagatcaggcagccatagccaaacgtctaagccacgcagtgaacgatggctttgcaggaaccatcgctatggcctctcagagcgcccagaacgcaaaaagagcgcgtgagctacagaagactatggatgcgcagcagaaacgcctacagagcgttacagagccttttaaggggctttccagagagcagatgaccgaaatcctgatgatggctcagcggtttaagcagcaaaaccaggaaaaggaaaaacagcagcgtatt
>gene_13056|Mobilization protein
gagcgtgagacgccgaacgctaacgctgaacggacaccagaaaactactgctctgtgtccaaatcaacggatcaggcaatggggcgtgtgcgggagctgctgccggaaaaacgccgtaaagatgcggtactggccgttgaatacgttatgacagcaagccctgagtggtggaaagaggccacaccacggcagcaggcggagtttttcgcccgctctgagcaatggctggagaagaaatacgggaaggatcgtgttgtggcggcggtggttcaccgggacgaggccaccccgcacctgtctgcgttcgtggtgccattgacgcaggatggacggctgtccgcgaaagagtttattggcgggcggtcaaagatgcgtgaagatcagagcacctacgctgaatcagtaaaaaaactgggtcttgagcgcggcatcgagggaagccgcgccacgcatcagacagttcagcactactacgaatcgataaaccgtggcacccgtagccaggtatcgatctcgccggaggcgctggagccgcgtgtattgcggaagggcattttcaccaaagacgtggaagatcaggcagccatagccaaacgtctaagccacgcagtgaacgatggctttgcaggaaccatcgctatggcctctcagagcgcccagaacgcaaaaagagcgcgtgagctacagaagactatggatgcgcagcagaaacgcctacagagcgttacagagccttttaaggggctttccagagagcagatgaccgaaatcctgatgatggctcagcggtttaagcagcaaaaccaggaaaaggaaaaacagcagcgtattgaacgtgaaaaacagcgacagacgcgatcgcgtggcatgggtggtatggagcgttag
>gene_40922|recombinase
ttaagccaggcagtgaacgatggctttgcaggaaccatcgctatggcctctcagagcgcccagaatgccaaaagagcgcgcgatctacagaagactatggattcgcagcaaaaacgcctacagagcgttacagagccttttaaggggctttccagagagcagatgacagaaatcctgatgatggctcagcggtttaagcagcaaaaccaggagaaggagaaacagcagcgtgttgaacgtgagaaacagcgacagatgcgatcgcgtggcatgggcggtatggagcgttag
>gene_17086|Mobilization protein
atgggaagcgtggccagcgcgttgcagcactgctaccgagagcgtgagacgccgaacgctaacgctgaacggacaccagaaaactactgctctgtgtccaaatcaacggatcaggcaatggggcgtgtgcgggagctgctgccggaaaaacgccgtaaagatgcggtactggccgttgaatacgttatgacagcaagccctgagtggtggaaagaggccacaccacggcagcaggcggagtttttcgcccgctctgagcaatggctggagaagaaatacgggaaggatcgtgttgtggcggcggtggttcaccgggacgaggccaccccgcacctgtctgcgttcgtggtgccattgacgcaggatggacggctgtccgcgaaagagtttattggcgggcggtcaaagatgcgtgaagatcagagcacctacgctgaatcagtaaaaaaactgggtcttgagcgcggcatcgagggaagccgcgccacgcatcagacagttcagcactactacgaatcgataaaccgtggcacccgtagccaggtatcgatctcgccggaggcgctggagccgcgtgtattgcggaagggcattttcaccaaagacgtggaagatcaggcagccatagccaaacgtctaagccacgcagtgaacgatggctttgcaggaaccatcgctatggcctctcagagcgcccagaacgcaaaaagagcgcgtgagctacagaagactatggatgcgcagcagaaacgcctacagagcgttacagagccttttaaggggctttccagagagcagatgaccgaaatcctgatgatggctcagcggtttaagcagcaaaaccaggaaaaggaaaaacagcagcgtattgaacgtgaaaaacagcgacagacgcgatcgcgtggcatgggtggtatggagcgttag
>gene_33127|Putative DNA replication protein DnaC
atgtcatacgacggacggctgctgcggctggcgcaggagcggtatgaggcggatcgggacgcccgggaagcggagcgcgccgccctgcgggagaaggcgtatgaacgccgtccccggctgagggaaatcgatcaggaactgcgccgcaccgccagccggattctggcggcagcgctgcggcggggggcggatcccctgccggagatccggcggctgcgggaggaaaacctgaaaattcaggcagaacggcaggcaatcctgtcggaactggggctgacggagagcagtctggaggatgtgcccctgtgccctctctgcggggataccggctatcagggaggcgaggtctgccgctgcctgaaaacctattatgtagaggagcagcgccgggaactttccagactgctggatctggggggtcagagttttgacacctttgacgccggctggtattcggagcagcgggcaccgggaaagaccaagtccgcccgggagcatatggagtgggtgtacgacacctgcgtggagtatgcccataatttcgggaagcgccctgccgacttgctgctgtttggccgccccggactggggaagacccacctttccgccgccattgcccgggaggtcagcggcaagggcttttccgtggtatacgacaccgctgcccacgtttttgagcggtttgaggcgcagaagttcggtcgggacgaggcggagcgggacgtagagcgggtgatgaactgcgacctgctgattctggacgacctggggacggaactgaccaccgcctttgtccagagcgcgctgtatcagattatcaacggccggcagctggaaaagaagtgcaccattgtcagcaccaacctgatgccggaggccattgcccagcggtactcaccgcagattgcctcccggatggagggagaataccagctgctgccctttgtaggggaggatatccgcgcactgaaaaagaagcggggactgtaa
>gene_56904|Plasmid replication protein
atgtctgaattttatgataccatcaccgttcccaacggtcaagcggaatttgcagccattgaagttctgttggacaagtcctctacaggccgggaacggccatggagggcgaagaagatggcgaatgaagctttgtctgaagcttatgaaccagtgaaccccagaaaggcggagcggctgcgctcctgcgggtgcttcctctccttctccattctggaggacgggagtaagaagctgaagactatggacagctgccgtgtccggctgtgtccgctgtgcacatggagacggagcctgaaggttcaggcgcacactctggaaattctcaaagctatggacgggaagtttgcgtttatcttcctgactctgacggtgaagaactgcgccggagcggagttgtccgggactcttgacctactcatggatgcgtggaaacgtctgtctgagcgcaagcagtttaaggcagccgttaaggggtggtatcgtggtttggaggtcacgcacaatacagaccgtgattctccggcttttgatacataccacccacattttcacgttattctggcggtcaatccgtcctatttcacaagccgaaactatgtgaagcaggacgaatggatgcagatgtggaagcagagcttgcgggcagactacgacccggtagtggatgtccggcgggtgaagggctgcacggcgaaagctgtggccgaggctgcgaagtattccacgaaagaagaggattacatcgtcccgaccgactgggagctgacggtcgaaaccgtccgcactctggatgctgcgcttgaccaacgaaagcttgttgcctacggtggaatcatgaagcagctgcacaagcagctgaatctggatgatgaggagacgggcgacctcatcaatgtggactctgaggatagcaccgcagcaccaacggagcgggtggaatcctacttctggaacactgggtaccggcagtatgtccggcactcctga
>gene_21959|Replication protein Rep
atgaataaattagtaaccattcacaatgatttagtagatttaccactcaaacattttacagcatcagaaattgatattttaaattctatctgctactccgtcaggaataaaaaacaaaatgaggttattattccatttgctgatttaaaagagttgtcagactataaaaataaaaacaatgctcattttattgaatctgtggaagccacaaatagaaaattaatggcattaaattttaaactaggacctgaagaagattttatacaatttgttttattccccacgttcagagtaaattctattgaccaggagttaacggtcaaagtgaatgagccgtttgaatatctgttgaacaatatttcagggaattacacctctttcgagctggaacaatctagcagattaaaatcatcatatacaaagcagatttttaaaaaattacaagaatacaaatataatgggttatgggttgtaacacttgataattttaaggaatacttgagtattccgaagagtttctcaacctcgaaaatcgatgagagaataataaggcctgcaatcaaagaattagaatatatatttaaagatttaaaatgtgataaggtatttaaaaaatcatcatctgggaaagggcgtccaagtgttgatggttacagatttacatttgaaaaatttaaaaagaataatcctgatgcagtaaaagattattctccggaagacatagcatcaattacaaattggaataagacatctttcttttgtcctaaatgtaaaaaacctatattctcaaaatacctggagaatgagaacggcacatatattttatatggccaccctgatttcagaacaggaccctgtgaatatacctgtaacgatagtgagtatttattgagggaatatcaaatcaaatcttctgcatctcaaacagaggagcaaaagaaaaacgtaaacattttaaaagagatgatgagcaaaatatttaagcgataa
>gene_8652|Replication protein RepA
atgactaacgaagtaatgccatacctcacgcagttaaaagggcaattcacacagtaccaacttagacacatttcaagttttaatagtgttcactctatccgtatttatgagtttgttacacaataccgctctgttggttatcgtgaaataatgattgaagatttgaaaaaatggttacaagtggaagataaatatccgagatttaacaatttcaaacaatgggttttagagccagctataaaggagattaacgataaatctgatctttccgttgatgttgaacaaattaaacgtggtcgggctattacagcgttaaaattcacaattacaccaaagaaaaatgtaactaaaactgagcgaaaacgcagaccatttccgcataaaaataagtttggttcatacgttaaactagacaaacagaacccgaaaatgagttcgcacgaatacggcgaatatgcccgtgcttgtttgactcaaatggaagaagattataatttttttggttttacgattagtgatataccgaccgaagatttattacattattgggtattcttaacaggcaatcaaagtaataaatcgaagtttggcaagcggtctgattttgtgaacgagctgcaaaaacgtggctataagattgaaaattgtgagttagttaaaatttag
>gene_28387|replication protein
atgtctatattaccatacacaaaagcgattgaaaagtggtcatcaaaaaaaatagctgctaaaacagcagctgctaagatgaaagctgctgctatcgcagcagctgacgaacaatacttactaagggctgacagaatggctaactgtagtgaaagaattgaatatgcatactgtaatgaatgtggcaatctgcatattgcacgcacttatttgtgcagggacaggctctgccctgtctgtgcatggcggttgtcgcttaaaagaacagctgagctgtggcgtgtttttgagcatttaacggcggctaccgccgccgacagtgaaagtaaagcaacctttaaggttgccatgcttacgctaaccgtccgcaattgttctataatccagctgaaagaaactcttgattcaatgcttgcagcatggaagaagttgctcaaaagaagaatgatgcaaaagcatatcaagggttatgctcgcagcatagaaattacctcaggagcaaacaaaacattgcatccgcacattcatgcaatcttggtttttgatgaaagctataaaaaagaaattaagcaagctgatttcgtgcagatgtggcaagaatcgctgggtgtagaatacaccccgatttgtgatattaggtatacatattcatcaaaaaagaacaataataaagaaagctgggacaaaataacatctgcagtcatagaagcgtgtaaatacgccgtcaaacaaagcactatagatgacatcagcaaagagcagctaatcccacttgcagaagctctcaaaggaaagatgctgataggctacggtggaataatcagggatatcaggaagcaattgaaaatgagcaattctgatgaagtagaagaagctcctgagcttgttattgaatgccccaagtgtggcaacacgaatttgatgcaattaatttatgaatggggacacaactcctatctattaaaagctataccgaatccgtatttttaa
>gene_28744|Mobilization protein
atgggaaaattagcggtgcacggacatagttttaagaagggtgcaatcggtggaattgacaagcataacgagcgactttctgaacgtcattcaaatgaggacattgacccagagcgtactcatttgaacatgtacttctgcaagccggaaaagacgctttatcaggattgtaaggaagaggtagaaaaaatcaaagccaatggcgggcggttgcgttcggatcagaattggataacggaatttatcacgtatgctcctaaaggtctttcatatgaccaatacgtgatgtactttgatgaagttcaggattttttcaggaagaaaataggcggacagaatatcaaacttgctgtggttcacatggatgaagccacaccgcacatgcatttggacttcatgccgatagtaagaaatgaagctggagaaccggtgcggctttccagcaaggaagtagtaacgagaaatttactgttttctatccatgatgaacttccaaaacgccttcaggcgcttggttttgatgttcagagaggggataaagtaaaggttgaagataaaccgcttaaagggcggtctgtgaagcagtacaaggcagataaagagcgtgaaaagagagaacttgaacttgaagtggaacgtctggagcagaaggtagagaaaatgcaagcgtatgtgtctgaaatcggttcagatatcaagactttagatacttgcattgtcaatatagccgaggaattaaagcggtttaacaaccttgataaaatcatagacaaagccgaagggaagatacaggaagtccttagaaaacaggttcaggacaagcggttagagtacggattggcggctaaaaaggtaaataacgacttgaggaatacgaaaagcagttatgattctgtgctgcagcgtttggaaaaagccaaggccgcagctgctgccaaaaatattgatggcagcgtgaagaaatcgaagccgattgttcgtgatcggtaa
>gene_43620|Rep
atgcctatattaacacatcaagtacaaaatgtcaacccattagttccggctgtattattgcagattttgcccccaaacccgccgaaccctaaaagtaaagaaattgatgagtttcaagaaaaacgcggcttaattcctgcaatatctgataaattaatagcagtcggagaaagaaaacgaggttatttgatgaaaaactgctcaacagatatagcgtataactggtgcccttcatgcggaaaagcgcacataaagacaacaaatctatgcagagacaagctctgcccggtgtgttcttggagactttcgcgtaaacgcttcgcggacatgatgaaagtaatgcaagcgattgattttacaaatacacgcgctttcttcttaactctgactattagaaatatgtcgggattaaatctatacaacgccttacaggatatgtcgacggcgtggaatagatttgcaagcagaagaacaacaaaagccacttttaccgggtgggctaaaagccttgaaataacatataatcaagaaaccaaaacattacatccgcactaccatataatccttttggctgatacgagaacgtcttcggcagaaagattagacagtcaatatttctcggcggtgtggcgtgaatgtatgcttgtaaattacaatccgattacagactataaagaaattttatcgacttccgacggaaccgtaaaagcttcgcttgaaaccttcaagtactctgtaaagtcaaaagacatatcagatatgccgctgtccgttttttcggactttcaagcggcagtaaaaaataaaagaatgatttcgtacggcggtgtaattaaaactataagaaaagatttatgcttgttggatgatgatgtgccgccggcggatgaggatatatcggaggtctgcgaatgtggcagagaaatgatagaggtaatcgcaaaatggtcaacgaacagcaacaactatgtgacttatgtaaagaactaa
>gene_223|Rep
atgcctatattaacacatcaagtacaaaatgtcaacccattagttccggctgtattattgcagattttgcccccaaacccgccgaaccctaaaagtaaagaaattgatgagtttcaagaaaaacgcggcttaattcctgcaatatctgataaattaatagcagtcggagaaagaaaacgaggttatttgatgaaaaactgctcaacagatatagcgtataactggtgcccttcatgcggaaaagcgcacataaagacaacaaatctatgcagagacaagctctgcccggtgtgttcttggagactttcgcgtaaacgcttcgcggacatgatgaaagtaatgcaagcgattgattttacaaatacacgcgctttcttcttaactctgactattagaaatatgtcgggattaaatctatacaacgccttacaggatatgtcgacggcgtggaatagatttgcaagcagaagaacaacaaaagccacttttaccgggtgggctaaaagccttgaaataacatataatcaagaaaccaaaacattacatccgcactaccatataatccttttggctgatacgagaacgtcttcggcagaaagattagacagtcaatatttctcggcggtgtggcgtgaatgtatgcttgtaaattacaatccgattacagactataaagaaattttatcgacttccgacggaaccgtaaaagcttcgcttgaaaccttcaagtactctgtaaagtcaaaagacatatcagatatgccgctgtccgttttttcggactttcaagcggcagtaaaaaataaaagaatgatttcgtacggcggtgtaattaaaactataagaaaagatttatgcttgttggatgatgatgtgccgccggcggatgaggatatatcggaggtctgcgaatgtggcagagaaatgatagaggtaatcgcaaaatggtcaacgaacagcaacaactatgtgacttatgta
>gene_36583|Rep
atgagtaccgatcttactatttcaaaagccaattcttttgtcgaagcaagttatcaaatgacgctcgatgaaatgcgagttttatcattaacgttaggtgtttttgatcctctaaaccctaagcgtgggtttgaattcacagtagcggaattttgtgaacattttccagatgtcaatcctgacatagcttacgttcaagttcaaaatgcgatccgcaaaatatcgagccgttggatgacattacaaaatgatgcccgagtattgcacgaagtggcttttgtaactgatcgtgtctatttcaaaaaagaaggtcgtttttatattgaatttcacgaaaaattacttccttatattgctaacttaaagaataaatatacaaaataccaacttgtcaatataggtgcttttacaagtacgcacactattagattatatgagttatgttcccaatacaaattattgggcgagcgtgaaataacattgaaagatttaaaggattggcttcaagtatcaaataaataccctattttttacgattttaaaaagcgagttattgcacctgcaatcgaagaaattaacgccaagtctgatctgcgtgtattggttgatacgatcaagcgtgggcgtagcattgtggcgttaaagttcactatttccgtaaaacataaagcagtaaatgttgagaaaaaacgaccacacttcccacataaaaacaagtatgggaagttcgttcaattaaaccgacaagatccaaaaatgagttccgctgaatatggtaattatgcaaaagattgcttaaaagtattagatgacttttattctaatgttgatgaaataccgaatgaagatttattattttattggcaattcttagccgttaatcaaagccataaatcgaagttaggaacaaagaaaactttcattgataaattgcgtgaacgtgggtataaaatagtaaactgcgagcttgtaagaatagagaaataa
>gene_16204|Replication initiation protein
actttggacgaaaaagggcgcaagcaactcgataaggcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagcgtgataagggtgcttggctccatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattctaaagcctgaagatgaaatcactaccgaagaaatgatttcgtcctctgaggaagtacaggacgttggagaatcgagagtggcatttcagttcaagcctgaatatcgcaaatacgtttatgcgcccaagtataacgagtattga
>gene_33358|Replication protein
ggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_58064|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaa
>gene_35249|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_35951|Replication protein, partial
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagt
>gene_34008|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_34791|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_48893|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttg
>gene_36739|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_40295|Replication protein
caatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_30362|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccataattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgctccgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccgttgaactctcaaaatatgcagaccgaattaacggctgttcaggtattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatcagggaaaattggttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgtccgtcattgtcctgtatgtcagtggcgcagatctctactctggagggcagttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtattcctaactctgactgtgaaaaatccgcctgttaccgaattgcgtgacactttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgactgattgaaactaagcgatttaagtcaggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtgaccagggggaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctgttggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggcgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcgaaagccttgcgagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttggacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaattggacaaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgatttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattctcaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgagtagcattccagttcaaacctgaataccgaaaatatgtttacgcaccaaaatataacgagtatgcagactaa
>gene_16205|Replication protein, partial
atgtctcaatcttgccatgattccgaccttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgagtccgttaaaattctctataactactccgttgaactttcaaaatatgcagaccgaattaacggctgttcaggtattttgaaatttggagttaatcccgatcagggaaaattggttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgtcctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaagtattcaagaacgctttcctacgcaccgctgggtatttctaaccctaactgtgaaaaatccacctgttaccgaattacgtgacactttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggcagcgactgattcaaaccaagcgatttaaatcaggggtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtgaccagggggaatgatggcgacatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgctttgctgttggttaaaccccaatatttccaaggtaagtattatataaaacaagcggattgggtcgaaatgtgggcgaaagccttgagagctgaatacttgccatcggtgaatgtgaaagccgtaaaagct
>gene_37008|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccatgattccgaccttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttccgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccgttgaactctcaaaatatgcagaccgaattaacggctgttcaggtattttgaaatttggagttaatcccgatcagggaaaattggttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgtccgtcattgtcctgtatgtcagtggcgcagatctctactctggagggcagttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtattcctaactctgactgtgaaaaatccgcctgttaccgaattgcgtgacactttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgactgattgaaactaagcgatttaagtcaggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtgaccagggggaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctgttggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggcgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcgaaagccttgcgagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgcaaacaactcgacaaggcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggctgcatgagatgactaaacaagtccataagatgcggtttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattctcaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcctctgaggaagtacaggacgttggagagggtcgagtagcattccaattcaaacctgaataccgcaaatacgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgagtatgcagactaa
>gene_37483|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_7772|Replication initiation protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccg
>gene_48894|Replication initiation protein
gtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttgcatgagatgaccaaacaagtccataagatgcgttttatcgcaacaggaggcgttttaaaggggattcttaagcctgaagatgaaattactaccgaagaaatgatttcttcatctgaggaagtgcaggacgttggagagggtcgaatagcattccagttcaaatctgaataccgaaaatatgtttatgcgccaaaatataacgaatatgcagactaa
>gene_44785|Replication protein
atgactcaatcttgccacaattccgatcttggaatcaattttttaacagaaatttcacctcatgaagtttcttgggatgaacatcgttctgatgctgaatccgttaaaattctctataactactccattgaactttcaaaatatgcagatcgcattaacggctgttcaggcattttgaaatttggcgttaatcccgatgagggaaaattagttctcaagcaagcatttttttgccgtgttcgtcattgccctgtgtgtcagtggcgcagatctctactttggagggcggttatgtttcagcaattgccaaatattcaggaacgctttcctacccatcgttgggtatttctaaccctcaccgtgaaaaacccacctgttaccgaattgcgtgacaccttgaagcacatgaatgattcatggaagcgattgattgaaaccaagcggtttaagtcgggtgtagcaggttttttaagaacaacggaagtaaccaggggaaacgatggaaaaatgatggcacatccgcattttcatgccttgctattggttaagcctagttacttcacgattaattatataaaacaaggtgattgggtcgaaatgtgggcaaaagccttgagagctgactacttgccatcggtgaacgtgaaagccgtaaaagccactttagacgaaaaagggcgtaagcaactcgataaagcaatctgtgaaacgctcaaatacagcgtaaaaccgtctgatttggctttagagggcgataagggtgcttggttg
>gene_37295|Mobilization protein
atggcttttgcgatcatgagagcgaaaaagctgacaggcatggggtcggtcgcggcttctttgcagcactgctaccgcgaccgagaaacacccaatgccgaccagacgcgcacggcagacaacgaacacaacgccgctaaatcgaccgatgaagcgatggggcgtttacgtgagctgctgcccgaaaaacggcgcaaggatgctgtgctagctgtcgagtacgttctcaccgcatcgccagagtggtgggaaaaggccgaccaggagcaacagaaggatttttttgaccaggcgcaaaagtggctggccgacaagtacggggcagatcggatcttcgttgcgtctgttcaccgagacgagacaagtccgcatttgtccgcttttgtggtgccactgacgcaagacggcaggctgtcagccaaagaattcattgggaaccgcaccaaaatgacagccgaccagaccagttttgcaaaggctgtgcagcatttggggcttgagcgtggcattgagcgaagcagggctacccacaccagcattaagcagcactatgcagccatcgaaagcggcattagaagccatgttgagatcagcccgcaggcgctagaaccacgggtttacaagcgagaaggcatcgcggaaaagttgcggctgagtacccgtgtcgagagtcccgaggctgttgcagctcgtttaacagacgcagtgaacaaagggatggcggggacagttgcaaatgcctctgagagcgcccaaaacgcccgtagagcgcgagaaatgcaaaagacgatggttgaccagcagaagaagctaaaaatgcttcaggagccttttaaagggctttcgcgggatcaggtggcagaggtcatcaaactggctgtaaccatgcaacgtgagaatgaagctgccaaggctgcgaagctagaacgcaaaagggaacagcgccaacagcggtcacagtctgatcgtggtggtttcagtcgttaa
>gene_17407|RepA
atgaatgaaatagtgaatcagcacaacgatttgattgatttaccgcttcggcggtttaacagcagcgaaattgatattttactggctctttgttacaagtgccaagaacagggaacaaaagaaattgtgctgccatttgataaaattcgacagctttcacattatcaagcaaaggacgataatcgattctacaaagatattgagagtatgggggataaactgttctctcttcacatgaaagtgggaaccgaaagagaatatacaaagtttgtcttatttcctactttcaaagtgagtgaacagaagcagacagttactattgcagtcaatgaaaaatttacatatctgctgaatgatttgtcaggaaattatactgctctggagcttcagcaaagcagccgtttaaaatcggcatatgctaaagccatgtataagaagctgcgaaagtttcgtgatactggtgaatgggttgttgctctggaggacttcaagacatacttagacataccaaaatcctattcaaatgcagaaataacaagaactgttataaatccatcgcttaatgagttaaaagcatactttgagaatctgaaggtaataccaaccacagaaaagaaaaaaggtggcagaggtcgcccatcggtgacaggatacaggtttacttttaaaaagcagcctcatttggatgcaaaagaacaggagccgttgacacaggaaaaaatagcagagcaaacaggatggaacagcacaggaaaatactgtcctcgatgcaaaaggctaatgtatagcagtatgcagcataacgaaaaaggctcatacaccatatatggacaccccgattggaagacaggaccatgtgattacatgacctatgacatagccgacttgctggacgagcatcagatactcgatgaagaaccagtaacagcggaacaggcagaaaacaagaagcgattgagaaacattttgtcaggttttttcggataa
>gene_5900|conjugal transfer protein TraG
aacgcctcaggcatggaacggcagcatcttcagcatgatccggaacctgtccgaaaacgtcgtggtgcccatcgctggcattacgcgaagtaccggatggctgccggcaagactgcgaaatcgatcctggtgagctgcggcgcgcgccttgcggtcttcgatatccaggagctgcgggatatcacggcttatgacgagctgcacctggataccatcggtgacaagcggaccgcgctgttcctgatcatgtcggataccgattccagcttcaacttcctgatcagcatggcctacagtcagatgttcaatctgctctgcgagaaagcggatgatgtgtacggcggtaggcttccggtgcatgttcggtgcctgatcgatgagttcgctaatatcgggcagatcccgaactttgaaaagctcatcgccacgatccggagccgtgagatctccgcctgcattgtgctgcaggcgcagtcgcagctgaaagccatctacaaggacaacgcggacaccatcgtgggcaactgcgatacgctgctgtttctgggcggcaaggaaaagaccaccctgaaggagatggaagagctgctgggcaaggagaccatcgacaccttcaataccggtgagagccggggccgggagacttctcacagtctgaactaccagaagctcggcaagagcctgatgtccatggacgagctggccgtgatggacggcggcaagtgcattctgcagctgcgcggcgtccggcccttcctctcggacaagtatgacatcacggcgcatcccaactaccggtatctgtcggattctgatccaaggaacgccttcaacatcgaaacgcacctgcaccgtcagatgagactccgcctggaagaagaaagccaggtctgggagatggatgtaacagaagaggatgaacaggcgctcctggaggaaatgaccgatgactcgctgctggccgacgggtacggcagcctcctctga
>gene_49041|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgtatcaaaatgataacaaaaaaattgaatttttgcaagacctaaacaatcaaaaaaaagaaaatgattggaaaggtaaaaaaatgaaaaatttacaacttgctaaactatatcaaaatctttatgaaacaacaggaataactaattataaaaaacaagcaaaaaatgtagcaatgtgtgcattgcatttaacttttcaaagtgataatgaaaatggcgacaataaaaagttataccagatgttcacttgcaaaaataaattttgtcctatttgtcaatggcgaaggactaaaaaaatcggttatcaaataaataaaataattgagtggttagataaaaataaaaatggttgcgagtatttatttggaactttaacattaaaaaattgtgatgctaaaaacttaaaaagcacatttgataaaataaataatgcaatttataaatttaataagcaacttgatattaaaagggcttataaggggctttttagggctttagagataacttttaataaaaatagtaaaacataccacccccatatccattttatcgctgtggtgcaaaataaagcatattttgataaatcaaataaagactatatttcgcaaaaaaaattatgtgagatttggaaaagatgtcttgatatagattatgttccgtgttgctctcttgaaaaaataaaaacaaaatataaagcaatatgtgaagtagcaaaatatagtgttaagtcaaaagatattttgaatgagtcaattttagatacacttgatacggctttatataatcgccgtttatatagttatacaggttggttcaaagaagcatatcaaaaattaaaacttgatgagaatgaagaagatctgatacatatagagaatgaaaaagaaaaaataaatataggcacttggctcttaacttatgcttggaatgttggattaaaaaattatgtcttggtagagaaaaaacaaaaagaactttgcttataa
>gene_42|Putative MOB protein
atgcacaatgaaaaatatggagtaggaaattgtggcttattaaaagaagtggataggtctttatacaagaaagaagatactgtttcaaaaggtcttattgatagaagtaagacgcatttaaactataatttatgttcacataaacagtatagtaaaaatgaaattttggctattcaagaaaaaatccgtggtaagaaaatgccaaagaacggaaatttcttttcatcttgtatcatcacaaaaccaaaagattttaaaggtagtgatgaggaattttttaagagtgcttataaaggtcttaagaaattatacggacttaaagaagaggatatagtaagtgcatatgttcatatggacgaaacaactccacacttacatttctattttatccccgtaaagcacgataaagataaagaccgaatttcttatgatgatgtagttccgagaagtttatacagaacacaacacacaaaactttctaaaatgatgacagatgatttaggagaagaagttcatcttttaaatggagaaacccttggaatagatgttactaaaatgacaaaggaaaacaaagttctttctatggagaacaagcaattaaaagaggaaactaaacgtcttgaagaagaagtccaaataaagcaagagtttattacgcaacttgaagatactattcaaggtaagcaaaagcaaatagagccattagaagcccaaataaaggggtataaaggcgttatcaagtct
>gene_15052|protein rep
atgtcttatccaaaatatatcatccccgactgtgcaagtcaagcggaaattcttacggacaagtcctcgaccggtcgggaacggccatggagggataaaaagatgggcaacgagctattagcgactgcttatgaatccgtaaacccagataaagccggacggctacggatgtgtggcgacttcctgacttttaccatcctgaccgatggaagcaagaaattgaaaaccatgaatagctgccgtgtccggctctgccctctctgtacatggcggcggagcttgaaggtacaagcaaacacgattgagattctcaaggccatggaggggaagtattcgtttatcttgctcaccctcaccttggagaactgtgccggcgaaaatctgtccaagactctggatctcatgtttgccgcatggaagcgtttgtcggagcgtaagcagttccgggccgctgtgaaaggctggtatcgtgctcttgaggttacccataatgttacatggggttccaaatcctacgatacataccacccccacttccatgtcattctcgtcgtgaataagagctatttcagtggcaaaaagtacgtaaaacatgaggaatgggtcgaactgtggcgaaaaagtttgcgtgtagactatcctcccaaggtgaatgtcaagaaggttaagggcgatactgtccaagatttgatgaaggccacagccgaggtggcgaagtattctgtcaaggatgccgattacattatcccagatgactgggatttgaccgttgatactgtccgtattcttgataaggctctggagaaccgccgccttgtggcctacggcggtctgatgaaagaactgcataagaaactgaatctggatgacgaggaaaccggcgacctcattaacgtggactctgaggacagcacggctgcacctacagagcgagaggaagtctattggtggtacaccggataccggcagtatatcaggaggggatga
>gene_44141|Replication protein
atgtatacattaacggaaagtttagcagaaaacaagagtctttctgcgttgtcagaaaagaaacgtcaaaataatagaattgcatttttatatgatgaactggggcaacattcaaaagccgaaaagttgagaatgtgcaattctcaccctattttttatatttcagaaaacagattaaaatttctttcttctttgttttgtagaatgagaatgtgtccaacttgtgcctttgtacgttctcacaaaatcagaaacaatgttttaaatgttatatctgatgaagaattcaaagattgtggttttgttttaattactttaactatcagaaattgcgttgctgcagacctgaatcaaactatagacaatatatacaatgcaatgcgaagtttaacatcaaacaaaaatagttttttcaaagctttttttaatggtatgttttacgccttggaaattacatacaatagtaaagaaaatacatatcacccccatatacacgcaatctgcagttacaagaaaggaacttatgcttatagaaaaaatatgaaaggtaaaagaatagaaatagaacaacttgcgaaaaaatggggttatgctcttggcgtagattatcttccaagcgtttctataaaatcagtttacaattgtaagtttaaacaagttgcagaagttgcaaaatatacagtaaaaggcacagacattaaaaacgcagaagttttaaaatatatagattctgcattgtgtgggcgtagattagccacatatcaaggtttattcaaggatataaaacacaagttaaaattgaatgatgaaatagacttgaatcaaaaaccatctgttgcggcaattatgaaaaatccacagattgcaaaaattgtgtataaatgggatataggtttcaaatcttttgtagtggaaagcgtagaatcaggaaaagaactttctgcagaagaaatattaagtagcattattaatgaatctactatatag
>gene_37689|recombinase
atggcagattcaccgaaaatttatggaatacatcgatgcgaaaaaagaggtaggcaagcaattactggtatagaaaatgagaacaatcgtaagggtgttgatcagttaaaatttaaggatggctatcagaagaaaaagttcaagaattctgatattgatgctaaaaagtctgatcaaaacgtatatttgaaaaaatcagatgattggtatggcgatattaaaaagcgtattggcgatataaagtataaaagtaatgcagtattgatgattgatggtatatatacggcatctcctgattggtttaaagataaaactcctgatgagatcaaggattatttcgatgattgtcttgaatggcatataaagacgtattgccacgatgatgatactttagtgatcaatgccgtaatccattacgatgaaacgactcctcatttgcatgtcgtatcggtgccgatcacggaagatggtaggctttgtgctaaagagattatgggtaaccgaaaagcgtatagtgaacggcaggactcattttatgaagatgtcacaaaaagcagaggtttagagcgtggagagataggtgaaccgggaaatcaccggaagcatagaacatctcaacaaatgaaaatgcaacgagaaaaaaaagatgctattatcgtgacagaaaatcttaaatcattaaagactgaagtaacgcaatggaataatacaattctggatctacagaatagggttgaaaacttaaaagacgaaaatgaagattattttataaaaaataaacagctttttgatgcaaaaataaatctgcagacacaagttaatgatctgaaaatagaacgtgatggactcttaaaagaaatagaaaatctgaagaagattaaatacattaaaggtacaggtaaagttgtacataaaggcgaagaaattcaggaaaatgcagaaaatgaaacatcaggtgttaccgctccgaccgataccaatgcttaa
>gene_8739|Putative replication initiation protein
atgtgtacatcccccttaaaaggtttccagataggttttacagataaaggtaaaccaaaatacttggttgttccgtatggagttgatcatattgaaaaagattttaagaaatggaatttatgttatacatcttttcatagtcctagaaacctatttgttgataattatgttgaaatgggctgcggacattgtcgtgagtgtcacctaaaaaatagcaaaatatgggctaatagattgatgttggaattacagagccatgaatcagcgtattttgtaacattaacttatgatgatgaacacttatattgtccgcatgatattatgccgtctttaagaaaatctgattttcaagatttttggaagcggttaagagaaaaaattgattattcgataagatattttatgtgtggtgaatatggagatcataccaaaaggccgcatggacatgctattatatttggtttaaaaataccagatttagagtattattcacaatctaaccacaatatctattatatttctaaatggctgcaagatatttggaaaaatggatttgttgttattggtgaagtaacttggaagagctgtgcgtatgttgctcgatatgttctaaagaaatccggaggagttgataaggattattataatgctttaggcttagaacctgaatttgttttgatgtctcgtagaccaggtatcgcacgagaatattttgataaatggaaaaatcaaatatactctaatgatgaattttttattaatgatccggatggaggaaaacggttgaagcctccaagatattttgataaactaatggaagtagaaaatcctactcttctacagattaaaaaacaagctagaaaatataagtcagaaatctataaaaaaaatatgttaattcaaactgatttgacttatcaaaaaatactaaatgcaagaaaaattaataatgaacaaaaaacaaaatcattaataagaaatttatga
>gene_52316|Replication protein
atgagtaaaactcacagcgatattgtagccgaatgcgggggcagtttcaagcaacttgaggatttttcccgcagtggtcgccaacgcccttggcaggctcacaagcaggcaagcacgcgccttgcttcgctttatgagttcgcgaatcaagtcttgcccttgccgcttctctcttccaaacgacttcaggatttgtacgactgcggagataggttggagtttgcggtcttcgctgatgggcacaaagaattgcgtcgtgcttggttctgccgcgttcgtctttgtccgatgtgtatgtggcggcggtctctcaagttggcgggcaaggcaaagcgtgcagttgattttatcaagtctgcccgcccttctacccgcttcctcttcgttaccttcacccaacgcaactgtgccggctcggagttgggggcaacgcttaccaaaatgacttcctctttctcgaaggtcatgaaggataagcgtctgggcaagacattgctcggctacctgcgttcaatcgaagtcacggtaaacaagcaggattggacttgccacccgcatatccatgctatccttgccgtccgcgcagattacttcactcgtggctatatcaagcagttggagtggcgggagatgtggcggtctgcgacggggcttgattaccttcctcaagtcaacgtaaagccgctgaaggattcggattgggcagtagctgaggcggcgaaatatgcggcgaaggggattgatacacttgctgattcgcccgataaggttgccgccgcccgcatgcttgccgatttaacggtcggtatgcgaaagaggaggttggtctcctttggcggtgtttttcgcaatgtgaagttcgatgatgttgactacgatagcggcgatttggtgcacgtggagggcacaagcggggattctgagattggtcgggttgtttatcgttggtcgccgatgttgggtgtttacgtcgaaacagggcgataa
>gene_56297|Replication initiation protein
atgggaaagaccgtccaagtggccgctgatcgggcctacgaccagtccaggaccgtgctgcccgccgaggtggcgcgcggcacctacatgcagaatccgccgggtctggcggcactcaagctgatgcacctgctcatcgccaaggcaggcggcaggatgggcgaggacgtggagcatcgcgtccggctgtccgaggtgcgcggggtcgaggggttgcgcaaccacgatcgcgccagtctcgctccgctgttcgcggagttgcaggcggccgtgctgatccacgatgacaccgagaagaagcgcctgaccatcggggggctgctcgacattgccgaggtggactaccgcgacgaactgtccggcgacctggtgatcagctggtatttctcacggatgttcacccgtgctgccgcggcctcgaaccactgggcgatccttgatcgccagacggtatttcacctgggcagcaagtactcgctgctgctgttccagcacatcgccagtctggccaagctggatcaggttgccagcaagaccttcaccgtggccgagttgcggtccgttctcggggtagagccgggcaagctggaacggttctcgcatttcaacagccgggcgatccagcccgcgattgccgagatcaatcagctttcccggctgaccctgaccgccacccctcgcaaggtcggccgcaccgtcgctagcatcgagattgcctgggccgtgaaggacgatccatccgaggccaagcgcgaactgtctgcctcgcagatcggccggagggtgcgccgggacggcacggccgagggggttgcggccgagttccccgaaaccggcggcatcgcctacagcccccgctggcgcgacctcaagcgtgcggcgggctgcaacatggacgacagccttatcgctgccaacttccgccgcttcctcaaggaacgcggcatcgcccgtaatgccgtcaacatcgaaaagctgttcagc
>gene_13287|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgtttcctcaaggggaacttgctccttttcacgaagacggttcctatgaccctaacgtatggcggtataatggcattatcttacatcgtacaaaccagaccaaagaagtcataaagcataatgactttcttaaagatgaccttatcgtgaaacgtaatgtcttcaagaaacatctggtttacgatgacttaattgccatagacagagccattgaagaagccaactccaaaggggaacaggtctatatggctcctatctcttatttgggccgtaatcgtgacgaaaagcatgaacggttcctttatgtcttcactcttgaaattgatgaccttatcacggaaaagattcctggtaaacgttatcttcgccaaaagggtctggagactgcactccatcaatggggcgcaaacaataatcctcgttgggaaaaaggctggttccttgctccaactgctgtcacttgctcaggtcgtggcatccattgtcattggttcctaaaggaaccagttcctttgttcggtggccctaccattgacgtttatgaatatgacgataaaactcctaccaaacgaatcaacagaagacggagccaatggaaatggttccgccaacgatttgcagactacgtttggaataatggtgtctcaagttcacccatccaaagagaagccataggccagtctttccgtattgatgctgttggacagaacaacggattcgtcagcggaaacaaccagcttacgggcagagttccaagtaccagcaacaacaacgtcaccagagccaccaggagccaactttgctggaacagtcacggtataggcttccttgttgtcaaggacaccatcaccgttggggtcttctgcattgtaactgacctgtgttcccatttccgtttcgtctgtgggattttcgtagacgttggatgcgtaggccacaggcagagcagagaacatcatcacaccagccagagccaaacttaa
>gene_1652|Protein rep
atgaattatcgtaacacaaaaactgatgaatgtcaagttgttcgaccggttgacagccgtttcctgctgcatgatgtttctgcatcaggtcgagaacgtccatggagatggaaaaaaatggcaaatgaattgttgtccgctgcttatgaagctcttgattgcaacaaagctgaacgtcttcgcgagtgtgcttctgtgcttgtattcaacgtcgatcagaacggtgacaaacatttacacggcatgacttcgtgccgtgtgcggttgtgccctctctgccagtggcgtagatcattgcgagtgtatcaagatatgctctctgttgtggattacctgaacaaaacagggtcttaccggtacgcaatgttgacccttactgttgcaagctgcagtggctctgatcttcgttcaacgcttgacacaatgatgcatggaatcaatcttttgtttcaacgcaccgaggtaaaaaaagctgtgaagggttggtatcgggggttggaaataacccgcaattcagacaccggattgtaccatccccacattcatttgttgctttgctttgcaaagtcgtatgcaacgtcaaggtattacatcagtcaaaaacaatgggtgcagttgtggcgggattgctgccgtttgcagtatgatccagttgttgatattcgctttcttaagggtgatgaaagaaaagcttttgcagaggtcgcaaagtatgcggcaaaagaaggtgactacatcgtgccgactgattttgatttaactgttgatgtagtagccgacttggattcagcgttgcacaaaagacggctcatttcatacggcggcgtcatagccgaagctcgccgagcgttgaagctgcaggatgaagagactgccgacttgattcatgttgatgacgaacctgtctcgtcagagacagttcgacaagtggtgtacttttggtcatcagggttcagtaactacataggacattacaagcagtaa
>gene_36951|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
atgaaatatgcgattttaagaacaaaaaaactcaaggaatggggaaatatctgtgcgagcctggaacataatttccgggaacgcctgacccctaacgctgatgaaaatcggacgggattgaatatccatatcgggggaaattcaaccgcagaagttcgggcggaaattgaaaagggattacccgaaaagtatcgggcggattgtgtgaagtgcgttgaatatctgattacggctagtccagaatggtttgagttagcagatgagcgagaaattaaacagtattttgacagctcgattgagtggcttaaagagcgacacggggaagataatatcaagtgcatttcgatacacaatgacgaaaaaacaccgcaccttgtggcatacgttgttccgcttgatgaacgtggaaaactgaattgtaagaagtttttaggcggtaaaaaattgatgtccgagatgcaagatgattttgctcaaagagtagggcggaatgtattgttacagcgtggcattaaaggctcaaaggcaaaacatcaaagggttcagaggttttacggagagctgaaaaataacgatactccgcaactcacttatgaggatcttagaccgcagttactcaaaaagggattgtttcaagatacctatgaagatgacagcgttgtgattgcacgagtgaacaaaagagtttctgaaatccttgaacataaacaagcccaaattcaagttatgagcaagaaaattcaagatttgaaagaggacgtatctagagcgaaaagagatggtaatttaaaaaacttcgatttagagcgtcaaaatcaagcgttaaagcgtgaattaacagaaaccctagacaaccataagctaaatactaaagggctttctacggctcaattagacgctttaaaagggcaaattgaagaataccgtgagaaaaacgccctagaattgcgtaaaacgcaatctaggggttttaaaatcagctaa
>gene_21289|Putative replication initiation protein
gtgacttgtttcaagcctcttcatgcttggtattctccaggtactacaaaaaatggaaaacgtaatattacgtttgataaaaaatatgctattgatgcttcttcatctatttcacttccttgtggacagtgtattggttgccgtttagataggagtcgtaggcatgcggtgcagcttatgcttgagaatcagatgcacgagaaatctttatttcttacttttacttatgattctgttcatgttccttatataatagatactaaaactggtgaaatgttacaaactctgaaaaaagaagatattactctttttttaaagagattaagaaggcagatagagtatcattatccggctaatggaaagattcggtatttttattgtggtgaatatggagaacatacagaaagaccacactatcatatgattttattcggttttgagccaccagataaagattattataaaacaacttttaatggtgataaactttataattctgaatttttatcaaagtgttggcctaaaggttttgtaaattttggtaatgttacttttgaatctgctgcttatgttgctcgttatatttgtaaaaaaattactggtgatatggcagaggattattatagaggacgttgcccagaatttgtatgtatgtccaatcgtcccggtattggtaagtcttggtttgataaatataaagatgatgtttatcctcaagattttgttgttgttcgtgataatctaaaggttaaaccacctaagtattttgataagctttttgaaaagtattttcctgacgatttcgctctgattcgagcgaaacgacagcaaaaaggtgtagaaaatgtgcatcaagaaattattaatcgtgatatacagttacctgattcttctttgtttaatgtttcttttaaagaattagagaagattttttatgaatatgaagttcttcctgttatagaggaagttactaaaagcaaa
>gene_8441|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtcattcgtagcaagaatggacaaagtaaaaaggcaaggtctagctggcatgagaaatcatgtaatcaggaagggaaatcagggacaagccagcaaccctgacattgaccctgaacgtacccagttcaactattcattggttgaccatgacccagtggatatgctgaaccgcatgaagggaaggctggattatcttcacctgaagccgagaaaagatgcggtattgctgacagactgggtaatttccgcaagtcatgaggaaatggaaaagctgactcctgaccagcaaaaagagtattttgagcgggtcaagaacctttttgccaagcaatatggcgaggaaaatatcatgtatgccatggtacacatggacgaaaccacaccccatatgcacttaggacttatgccaataaccatggcaagcctgtcctgtaaggacttgtttgacaggtttgaactgaggaacgtccagaacgaagtggaaaagatagccaaggattatggcattggtggacgtgaaccagcttccaaacgcaagcatgtggatacagcgaggtggaaagctgaacaggtaggcaagacccttcaggaaaccaaaaatgccgttcaggagcttctgaggacgaaagagggcatatccaaggaaatcaaggaactggataggcagatgaaggacatggacaagcaggtgaggaaagctgaagcggagctttccgagaaatccacccagctggacaggataaacaacaaactggaggaattgggaaatgctgaagccctgaaagtgacagaaaagatcatcccagcactcaataaaattgagaaaatgctggcttcaccaaatcaaaaaagcctgtggcgaactgtcacaaacaagtgggcaaaggcacagggttttgaactggtggaaatgaaaaaacaggaaatcggggcttccaaaattcacgcagcggaaactccggtgcgtgaatttactcggtga
>gene_22043|replication protein
atgcacgagatactaaagatacataatgacttaacagacctgcctttaaaaaggtttaccgcttcagaaatagatattttgcataccttatgctatgaagtaagagaaaaaggcactcaagaagtggtgatccaactcagcgaccttaaggaacttgctgattacaagaaaaaagacagtaaggcttttattcaagctgtaaaagagactaatcgcaagctgatggatctccactttgagctggagtccgaagatgggtctaaggtcatacagttcgtccttttcccgacttttataatggacgctgacaagggtacgcttaccgtaaaggtcaacgagccctttgcataccttataaacaaactctccggcaactacacctcggtacagctccgtgagagtgcagagctcaagtcttcatatagtaagcagatatacaagaagttgtcggagtataaggatactggattatggcgagtacccttggaaggatttcgggagtacttggatatacccgcaggttaccgccaaaccgatattgacgccagggtaataaaacctgctttggatgagcttagacccatctgggacggtctcaaggtggaaaagacttaccaaaagtccgcaagcggtaaaggtagaccaagagtagtgggttatgaatggcgctggaaacccacggaacctgccaagaaagaagtgagccaggatgccatagcagaggcgaccggctgggagtctacacccaggtactgtccgcaatgcaaaagagccgtgtacagcaagcagatgcataatcaaaacggcacttactacttgtacggacatactgattggcggacaggaccgtgcagcttcactactacggatttttctcaactcctgcaggaataccaggtagcggagccggaacctgagacagaagagactcaggcaaataagaataggcttcgcggacttttgagcggtcttttccgcttctaa
>gene_51292|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaacaaaaaacaaataaagagacctggcaggttgtaaaatcaaacgactttattcagataagtcaaaatgaccttacaaaaacacaaaagaaagtaatggcatatatttttagtacaattcgcaaagatgataaggatttcaaagaattccatcttactgtaaatgaaatgctcgttctgcttggtataactgatgcaggagaaaactataaatcaatattaactgcactagatggtcttgataaaaaatcctggtggatttttactgatgatccagacgagatagaaagaattagatttttcgattcattaaagattaataaacgaacaaaattagtaactggaagactttccagtagtctaaaacctttctttctagaacttcagggaagatggacaagctatcaacttactgattatttgagattaaccagcgaatactctatggatctatatgaatggttaaaatcataccaggcacaaggatggattaccaaaccaattggagatgtgaaagcaattatgcatgctgatgcagatttatatgaaaaatataagtattttaaccaacgtattctacaaaaatctattaaagaaattaacgaaaaaacagatatctatgtggtatgtactccaaataagctaccaggaagcagatcgtattctactttgacattcggaatcaaggcgcagaaccctgcacctgcatatgggccttacgccaatgtgttcctaactgatgaagaaatgagtatcattgtctatgaatgggattcaaagcacttagtagatgatttatcgagatacaagtacatcaacaacaaaaaaggcaaaaaaggcgattttaaaactatcgaacgatggtataaaaagaaaataaaagagcgcaaacaaaacaatgagcctggagttccttctcctgaagaacaagaacatcttaaagcagctatccaggatctattaggtggcaagcgatga
>gene_13318|relaxase, partial
atggcaatagttaaacatatgtcatcgaagaactctcattactccgatggagtgagttatctaacccagcagtatgatgaaaaacttaatcagcccatccttgatcaggatggactactgcaggaacgtgacgaatatcttatctcttatataaagtcagacggcagttacggcgatatctatgattgggagaaggattgccgaatgactgatatcaagtacaatcagaatcgttcggaaggttcaatcaagacgcatcactatgtcgttgcatttgaagacgaggatgatatcagcctggaaggctgtcagctgttcggcgagaaactagctgcagatatgtttccggggacaggacacttggtgtctgctcatcctggccatgtccacatcatcgttcacagtgtccgtgatgctgaaattgagaaacaggactggatgaagaaacgatgtgaatatgctgcaggtgcaaagcacaactgcagtggacctttcctgcgtgcattgaaagaacgtgtcatggagatgacaaaggaactcggtctgcatcagatagatctattaaagtcggcaaagaccaggaaaacggatagagagtatcatgcggagaaatccgctgccaaagaaggcaagatcactcaaaaggaattcgtgcgccgggcgattgatgatgttagagacaaagctacttctccgaaacacttctgtgaactgctccaggaacagggtgttgaagtcggcagacgtggtaaatcagtccgctacaagaccgctgatggcgggaaatggatgcgtgacaccacctttggaaccgattatgagtttgaaaatgtagcaatactcataaaggaacgtcaaaagaccatccaggagccacagaatttgagtctaacggacaaaatcagcagatataaggaaatggtcgaaaaagaaaaaactccgtcaaaacgccctccaaaggactgggagctggagctttga
>gene_30796|protein rep
atgacccctttgcaacattgtatcatacaaccatatgaatttcaagaggttttgaaagatgtgtcaccaacgggcaccgaaagaccatggagcgaaaagaagatgaaaaacgagcttcttgctacggcatacgacatagtaaatcctttgaaggcttcccgccttagagcttgcgggcaggctttaacttttcgtgtctatgacgacggcacaaagaaactcgaatcaatgacaagttgccgtgttcgtctttgcccgctatgctcttggcgaagagccttaaaaacatactccaacgttagacagatcgtagagtatctacaccgggagaagaagcaggagtttctgtttttaacgttgaccatcaagaatgttgaagcaggtgagttgagtagaacgatagacttcttatttgaatcatttaaccgcttcgcattacttatgccgttcaaacgtgccgttaatggttggtatcgtgctttggaaataacccacaacatagagaccaacacatttcatccgcatttccactgccttctggcagtgaacaaatcttatttcacgtctcgtgactatctttctcagaagaagtgggctgatctttggaagtcatccgcacgtctttcctatgatccgcttgttgacatacgtcgtatcaaaagagatgcagacaccgacgaaatccacttcgccgaagcctgcgccgaggtggcaaagtatacggtgaaggattctgatttcatcatacctgatgactgggacttgacaatagacacggtaagcgttcttgattatgccttggcgaacaggcgactgattggttatggtggcaacttccgagaagtaagacgactgttacagcttcaagacgaggatacaggcgatcttgtcaacgtcggcgacaacgttgacaagaacgatgacaactacaaattgcagacgttttactggtactcaggttaccgccagtatgtcggataa
>gene_53146|replication protein Rep
atgtacttttttttggaggtaaaaatggctggtgaaatggtaaaataccataatgatttatctaatctagctttaaaaaattttacagctgcagaacttgatatactaatggctctttgtaaccgtatgagaaataaagaaacatcggttttcacatttgatttttctgaattaagaaaattaacaaaaacaacagaaacaaataataaggtatttgcagaaagtatcagacgaactaataaaaagcttcttgaattaaatataatgcta
>gene_38911|Chromosome (Plasmid) partitioning protein ParB / Stage 0 sporulation protein J
gtgacagataagccgaactacggaaagaatccgaacgccgcagagccgatgaaggaaaaggttcgtgtcatacccatcgagtttatcgacgagtttccgaaccacccgttccacgtgaacgatgatgaggagatggagaagctgatggccagcatcaaggaaatcggcctccagaccccgatagtcgcgcgcatcaaggaagacgggcggtatgaaatcgtgtccgggcacagacggctatatgccatgaagaagctgagcatgacacagatttccgctattgtacgtgatatgacacgtgatgaagccatcattgctatggtcgattccaatcttcaacgagaacacatcctgccgagtgagaaggcggcagcgtacaaaatgaagatggaggctatgaaaagaagggcagggcggcctctcaaagaaaattctgccccagtggagcagaatttcggtaaaaccacaagagatattattgcagaaaagagcgaggatagtagtgagcaaattcgacgttatatccgcctgaacgagcttgttcccgaaatccttgaaaaagtcgatgacggctccatcgccttccgtccagcggttgagttgtcttacctctccgaagacgagcagcgaaatcttgttgaaacgatggacagcgaggaagcaaccccgtcgctggcacaagccatccgtatgaaacagctcagcaaggacggcaagctcgatatggacaccatcttcggaattatgaccgaggagaaaccgaatcaggttgaagtggtaaagttcaagatgaccgaactcgaatccttcttcccggatcggatgcctgccgaaatcatgaagaaacagatcctcaaaattctctcatcatggcagagaagggagcaggcaagggaagaagcgaaagtgaatgagccgaagcctgtgcccgttcctaaaacgccggagacgcaaaagaagaaaggcggtgacgcgagatga
>gene_5681|Putative replication initiation protein
atgggtatagaacccacatggaatgatttgcctaaattacaaagtgcattagaaacagcatttaacgaaataggcggagaccactatagcgcaatatgcagaagcgcagagggattatatcatatacatgacgttgtaacatatcccaattcaagaaggagaaaagccgtatcaaaagactttggaaattgtcatgttgaagaaatgcgcggaacaaaagaacaagctgatgactacgtgaataaacgtggcaaatttgaagaaaagggcgaagaagtccttgttgttttcggtgataaaacaaaaatcgaaaataacagcggtaaaagaaaagaccttgacgattttgatattgccgttttaagcagtctaggcgcctttgcaaagccttttgaccttaacgagtatattatcacccatgctcaatccgaaagggaaatgcgcctatttgaaatgcgttatcaaagaattttaaagtcttatcaacccacatggagaaatgtcaaagtaatatatgttgagggtgaaagcggtagcggaaaaagcagaggagcaatggaaagattccctaatgctttcagagccagcgtggcaagcaaaaccaattttccctttaacggatatgcaggagaaaaagtactttggcttgatgaattaagacctggtgtattcggtcacgaagaactcatgcaattattagacggatacaaattaaatgttgacgttaagtacgggcaatttcctgctatgtgggaaacagtagtaataacatcagcatttccatttaacgaatggtacaaggatagcgcaaaaagatatgaaatagggcggaaagagttttcacgaagaataacagagaggtatatcgctaaagacggggagtggatacagcttatcaaagaaaatggaaattggcacgagccctcgcaagacttcatgccaatcgatagcaaatctgatattcctttcttgaacgagtaa
>gene_38972|MobA/MobL family (Fragment)
atggccatatatcatttgaacatcaagccaaggcgggcgggcgtggcgtctgcggcctgtgcctacatcgagcgcaggggaaaatatgccaccgaccaccagccgccccttgcaacaggcagcggaggcttgccctcctgggcgcctacccctgccgactttttcaaggcagcggacgcatacgagcagacaggcaaagcgcgcgggaaatctgccgccgccatcgaaaagaagaaagcccaagccgaggcagaggggcgggagtatgcccccaaggaaatcactgttgcggcattttctggggatattgccctgcctgtcgaactgaacaaagagcagatgatagcttgcgcccgcgacatcatgcaacgcatgaccacaagccctcagggcgtactgccccactcatgggcgttgcacccacccgagcctggaacagaccagcggaattttcacttgcactttatcatgggcaagcggtgtgatgatggcttgctccgcccgtctcctgccgtatttttcaagcgtgccgcgaatggcaaggacaaggccaagggcggggcggccaagcacaagaccctcggcagtccttcatggcttcggcaaacaaggaaattgtgggagagcgtggccaatcagcatcttgccgccgccggtagtgatgaacggattgattgtcgtaccaatgccgagaggggcatagacgaagagcctgggcgacatttgccgcccttggaatggcaacataagcgggcgcaggaagaggcccagaaggccgcacaggaggctttacaggcgttggtggaacaaggcaacgcagagaccgaggcccgttatgctgcggggcgtgagcggacggcactggtggccctcaacaatgcacaacaacagcccgccacagctcccaagccagagccgaccccaccacctgcgccacctgccgatgacgatgacgacggcaacttctggagaatgcgataa
>gene_39345|Replication protein RepB
atggcaataactgatgaacaaaaggcgaaagccgaaaagttattgttagacgggtatacccaagaagatattgcttcgaagttgggaataagtaaaagcagtgttttgcgtataaaaaaaggactaatcgagaacaagcccgaattagtccaaacctttaacgaaaataagtataacagatttatacaatcaagggaagataaatatcttgaaaaagttgataaagaaaaaaatctgtttgaggacaaagaagagggttgggtttaccatttaacaatggacgaaattgctcataaagagagcagcaaatggtggtgctttatagtatatcccgaaagtgcccccaaaaattggaaaacgaaattgaggtcgttagggtgtgaattaggcataagcccattacacgacaaagacgcatgggaacacgacagtgaagtggtagcagatgaagaaacgggcgaaattatagaagaacgaggaagtaggtacaagtcaggcgacaagaaaaagagccattggcattgtatcatcaagttcgatagagccataagtttcaaagaagcaaacaatttgataagaccgataacgaacggaccatatttgcaaaagtgtatgagtttgaaaggtgcatacgagtatttcatacacttaaacaatcccgaaaggtatcagtacgagaagtgtgaaatagaagtctataacggctttatcatagagccaaacgcccacgataaaatcgtgatgatagacgaaatcggaataacaataagaaaatacaattttacagaccttggacaattacagaagcattacgaaggacagtatgagtatatcaatataatagccttaaaagcgttttacttcgagaaattgacagcctgcaacttccggaaagagttcccggaaggaagaacaaagaagataaaagccgaagaaacgataaaggttgagatagttcaaggcactattggaaaggaatga
>gene_41044|RepA
atggcacgtactatcaaaggaaacgaactcgcaatccagtcgtatatcttcacgacagccaaatatgatttcaatgcttatgaaaagcgtatcatgtaccgacttgtagagtttgcccaggacgaaatcaaagggatcatgattagagacaacatgcacaagataacaccaaccatattcggtcgggagataactatgcctgtagcagatatacttagaaacgaaaaagaccaaaactat
>gene_41038|RepA
atcgcaaaaaaagcatttaggtcattggcacaaaagggcgtagagtatgaagacgatgagatttggcaatacacgagtattatatcaagccctaagattgataagataaaaggctatgttatttttacggttcttgatgatatatggcggtgcctgctggacttcacaaaggggtatagaaaatatgaactggtcacagctatgagcttcagttctgtgtactccatgcgcatgtacgaactaatgagcggacagaaaagacctttggaatttacttttgagaacttgaaaatgcgctttggggtcaaggataaatataaacttgtcgggcacttcaaaacaagagttttagacattgcaaaaaaagaacttgacgagagcagcccttattcattcaactacatcgaggttaaagaggggcgcaaggtcgtaggtttcaagttcttcccaacttttcatcctgacaagcaagaccctggattactcaaggcagaacagcgttcaaaggtttcagcaagcgcacagataagccgtgaagcctacgactacctccgctattcttttgagttcaaggtatcagaaataaacaagaacaagaagactatcatcgagggagaacagcgcattcccgatttcattgggttcttgtcttccctggttggcccttcgaggacagcaagcaaccgcatcggttatgtgataaacgccatcaaaaaaaagacaaaagagaattaa
>gene_20131|Replication protein A (Fragment)
agcttcagttctgtgtactccatgcgcatgtacgaactaatgagcggacagaaaagacctttggaatttacttttgagaacttgaaaatgcgctttggggtcaaggataaatataaacttgtcgggcacttcaaaacaagagttttagacattgcaaaaaaagaacttgacgagagcagcccttattcattcaactacatcgaggttaaagaggggcgcaaggtcgtaggtttcaagttcttcccaacttttcatcctgacaagcaagaccctggattactcaaggcagaacagcgttcaaaggtttcagcaagcgcacagataagccgtgaagcctacgactacctccgctattcttttgagttcaaggtatcagaaataaacaagaacaagaagactatcatcgagggagaacagcgcattcccgatttcattgggttcttgtcttccctggttggcccttcgaggacagcaagcaaccgcatcggttatgtgataaacgccatcaaaaaaaagacaaaagagaattaa
>gene_32970|Initiator RepB protein
cgcattcccgatttcattgggttcttgtcttccctggttggcccttcgaggacagcaagcaaccgcatcggttatgtgataaacgccatcaaaaaaaagacaaaagagaattaa
>gene_14207|Rep protein
atgactaacaaaagtaaagagttgttgggtgtggcgcactcacaacgtggcgccaccacaactatacttgatagtaagcacatatctccgacaatttataattcaattaataaaaaatatgatattaaattagttgaaatcggtaattatgttcagttgtatatgtacgaaactaaaagattaaagaagaaaaaagacaaagatattgatttagaattaaaaaaagaaaaaattaataaaatgtttgataatgaaaaagaaaatattacaaagaatagcaatgaacttacaagtgaaatatcacaacgtagtattatacgtagtaaattagaatgtcaaagaattgcgaaagcaaatgataaagtatgggaaacttttattacattaacatttgaagaaaatattactgatattgataatgctaataaaaaatttaggtattttgtagataaagtaagaagagtttataaagattttaaatatatatgtattcctgaatttcaaaaacgaggtgcagtacattatcatttattgactaatattccaattgattcaaaggttatacctaaaaggaaaaaattcaaattatggaataaagaaacaaagtcatataaagaattagaatattatgacataaaatattggaacaatggtttttcaagcgcagagccaatgaaagacgattcaaaaaagatagttggttatatatcaaaatatatgacaaaagatattgataatagactttttaataagcataggtatttttattcacaaaatttagataaaccaaaagaaagttatattgatatagaaaacgaagaagaatataattattacataaaaaaaattcaagatttagatttaatatatcaaaatgactatataaacccatatgataacaccaatgtatcatttcttgaattctacaagacaagtaaattatatactacaattgaggaaaaagaaagaagtgattaa
>gene_47864|Coupling protein TraD
ttgattgccaacaagcccaggcagtggaatttcacagatctcaacgagcaactgaataagaccgccgcgcagatgcaacccgacattttggcgcactacgccaaagctttttcgctgatcgaaaacgctgagtcacagacgacatccaacgttatgtcaacggtgatgtccaatatgcaagcggtggagtatttggcgcaggcgtggccggttgtcacaaagcggcggttctcaataacagagtgggcgtccgacagttaccgtgggcgtaaagcggtcattgttcaaggtggcgggatggaattgctcaccagtgcgtacatttcatcgttgatcaacactttggtgggtgaggtgatttcgccaaaaatgaccgagaacaaagaccggggaatttacattgtgctcgatgagctgacatccgctggacgtttgaacatcatgccgctgatcgacaaagggcgttccaagggtgtgacgtttattgccgccattcaagagcttgggcagttggcaaaggtctattcacaggaggacgccaagatcctgcccaccattgttggcacgcacgtgatttgtcagctgcagatgtctgaaacacgcaagcacgtggccgagatgtttggaaccaacgtgacggcatcgctggcgcacgatccgcaggcgaacgtgcatcaagatggccgacaggtggtgtttgagcatcaactgaccaacgagttgggcccgcgcagtttgaagaaaggctttgaagtccgagccattgttgccgtggcgggctacgacccaatgctgttggcctttcctgggttcccattggaggtcaaacgtcctgggcaggttccagccaaatggatgacggaagccgctgcggtcaagaaagtcgatgctcctttggaaccccgcgaggaagcgcccagtggagggagaacccattccgttatgactcaagaggaaatatacgatttgttccgttag
>gene_16676|Rep protein
gattgcaagattgaagtatgtaaagaaagtaagatagtaactttaactaaatatgaaaaagcgataaaaagtgatttagttaagaattttgggtcaaataaagaaactactgaggaacaatatcaagagaataaacgaaaaaatattcgtaaggctgcaactcgtataatgaatttggttaagcataacgttgggcaatataaaaaaaataatggtaatccatatccccctattggattaactttgacttttagggataatgttcaagattgggattttgctaatacagagcatagaaattttattaaaagattgaattattttgtttatgggaaaaagtgttctgatttggcttatatatctgttccagaacttcaacaaaggggggctatacattatcatatatttttctttaatcttccttatattgataaagattttattgaagagttatggggtaatggtacagcacatattaaacaagaggttggctctttagagggtgaatctttaggtaagtacataactaaatatatgaccaagcaattttatgataaagataagcaaggtaattataaattttattatgataaatctacttgggagggtaagaagacatattttgctagtaaaaacttattcaaaccggtagtatttagggtcacaaatggtgacctaaaagccgttgaatttgtgttgcaagatgtaccttttcagtctaaacttaatacttttgaattagatgatgagcagatccttttttctgttgaggaagagtataatctttctgatgaaaaaattaattacttgttaactgttttaccttctttttctgatagttttgttaagaaagattttagttttaataataaaaattcaaactatatgttgtctgttggtaaggcttataatggttggggttatgataatatagatttttcttttggttcttttactcctgttggtgggaaattttaa
>gene_40488|Plasmid replication-like protein
gtggtatattatagaaaatttataaaaggcggtgatactttggataatgaattaacacaaggaatagaaggaaagggaaagaaacttcaaagccgtatttggttcttttcgcttgttgatgaagaaaatgacattcctaaaattattgagaatatgaagaattgttccgccgtaaatgtctttacaattttacacgataaagataaaattaagcaagatgacggaactactgttcctaaacgttttcatcatcactttgcattaagatttgaaaatcctacgcttttatccgttgtagcgaatatttgcgagttgcaaccgtgcgattatcatttagttcaaaaagcaaagaattggcgagcgtcttgccgttatatgcttcatttagaccaaaaagaaaaacacctttacgacattaaagaattgcaagttcttcgagggaataaagatgactattataatgttgctatcggtaaagcccaagttgttacgaccgatgccgacttgttccctgattttggcgattttgataaagtaccttataagcaacaatatttagatatttttagtaacgttgatgaaccgaaaagaagaaatttacttattaaagaattagaaacgacttggaaaaattatttacaaaaaaggcggtatgagatggaaagcaaacacgttaaagttatattcgttgaaggtagtgcgggttctggcaagtcgacttttgcaaagtcgcttgcggtgaataataaaaagacttattgcgtaagtagttcttctaatgatattatgcaagactacacttgcgaagattaccttattttagacgatttaagggatacttctttcagttttgaagaccttcttaaacttcttgataattacgttatttcgaccgttaaaagccgatataataacaaattgttcttgggtgaatatatcgttataacgtccgctaaacctctttccgagtggtat
>gene_6824|recombinase, partial
atgcagtgtggtatccaccgagtagaaaaacgcaatcggcaggctgtcggtagcctgcaagctgaagcaaaccggagcgccgacaaaccaaaaaattttgctgggagtgacatcgattggtcgaaaacaaacgacaacatttttttggtgcggtcggatcgctggctcaaagacatccagcagacgattgacgaccacggcatcaagcgtgttcgtaaagatgcaatcataatgcttgacggcctttatacggcaagtcccgagttttttgccaacaagagccaagacgaaaccaaacaattttttgaggagtgcctgcaatggcacatagacacctattgccacggcgacaagtcgctggtcaaaaatgcggtcatacaccttgacgaaacgacaccacatatgcaggtgtgtagcgttccgatcacggcagacgaccgcctgtccgcaaaagacttgctgggcaatgtaaaagcctaccatgaccgacaggacgctttttatgagcaggtcacacagaagtatggtctggagcgtggcaacatacaagaccacgagaaccggcgcaaacacatccagcagatggaccacaaggttaaggcagcccaggacaccgtaaccgcctgggatctgatagccgacgctgtggacgacaacttgcccgaaatggaaatccgagcaaaagaggttgccgacaaaaagaacattttaggcagggcgaccgccacacataccgagtatagcgtagtcctgcccgtagcgagccgtgaggacgctgtaagccttcttaacacggttagggcactatttaccgccgaaaaggttaaaacggcgtttcagggcatcatagactcttatatcaaccctgcgaaaaaggatgccgacaacatccgttccaaagcggatgacgatgcagccaccatacgccaatgggcaaaagatgatgcccaaaagatactcgatgacgcaaaggcaaacatacccaaagcccagcaacaagccatagacacggcaaacgagaccttgcgacagttaaacgcaagcatcaaaaaaaagcgtaccaaagatacctcgctcacaaaagaactcgaagacttgcgtttaaaggttgaagctgcacgccgtgaagcttttggtggtgcggatcccagctacttttatgagatggctggtatcgtgccttacaaaaagctttacgatgcaagggataaagccaacaagtcatacatcgagttgaaaaacacaatgcatcccgacgactatcagttctattgggacaaatataactgcaaaaatgcagccgactttattaaaaacatagacgctatcgaaaaagattatcgtaaagactatgctcaaagcatcgtagaggacaagaggattccgtttaacgaagcggaaaaatactttaattcggatcccatctcgaaagcttttctgcacgcaaaatttgacggagaggagtatctcaaactcagagatcagccccacgatctggagcaggcaaaagaactttacgccgaccttatgcaggaacaaagtcacacatccggcaggggtgcacgctaa
>gene_5407|Putative Mob protein
atgaagtttcccaaaaccgtatcgctgacctgggacgattgtgttaatcgtaaacatgattttcgggaattttccaaaggtgaatggccggagcatatagataaggaacggacaggcaataatattattttcaaggcgggaacgctggaagaagcttacgaagaactgtttggcgatgtgattaaaaattacaataggaaacaacgccgggcagaccgcaaaagaaaaggtggagctttggggtatctgcgggagttacaagaaaaagtaaaaaaaataaaaaaggaaaaggacaaaaaggacaatactgtaaaaccatgttatcagttgttactgcaagttggtgatatgtgggatacggggtatgaaaattgcccagcagacgcaaaacaagctgaggaaattttgacagagtattacgcaaggttctccgcccgcaatccacggctgtttatagtgtgggcgggacttcatgccgatgaatgctgcccacatctcggaattactgttgtaagtaatgcagatggctatgagaagggactgtctaaacaggtgagcctttccagagctttggcacaacaaggttatgaggacgaacctggggcaaccggatttgataaatggattgaagcggaacggcaggagctggaacggctggcacgtaaacggggtattgagattatacggaagaatgacccggaacggaaaaagcttacacagtatgaatatcaaagccagcaggaagcaatcaaaagtgcaaacgataaaaagacggagtacttcatgcggttatgttcccagcaacaaggctggttaaaagccgttagggaagctggatttgacattggcaaggtaaagggtaagggtaagaattttgagccgtctatggacgaattagaacgcagatacagggcagaaagtaagaactatataggagtaacgcagacacaaggaaatggacgtactttagcacgctaa
>gene_34675|Replication protein
atgcagaatcctaagctaaagaaccttactgattacagccccgacgataagccgtgggatgctcacaagtcacaatctgatgatgttggcggaatctatctgcgtgccgctgaatttgagtcgtatgcagcccgtatgcgcgattgtggcggtctcctgcgttttggctgg
>gene_37587|replication protein, partial
atgtggcaagcccgtttttatcagtccctgcccaaaatcgttgctgattatcctgattcccgctggatgttcctgacgttgactgtccgtaactgtgacattgctgatttgggcgatacgctgacggcaatgaatgctgctttccagcgcatgaaggatcgtaaagagttcaagcctgttcagggctggattcgtacaactgaggtgactcgtggccgtgatggttcggcgcatccccattttcacaccctgatgatggttcctcctggaatgttaaacggtcacgactacgttaaacacgaccgctgggttgaattgtggcgtgaatgcctgcgtgttgattactctcccaatgttgatgtccgttcagtaaaaccacggaaaccgaaagacggtgaatctctggcctgtgctactgctgaacttgttcgcggcgcggtttctgaaacactgaaatattccactaagccatccgacatggtggcagattctgagtggtttcttgagctgacaaggcaaacgcataagcgccgttttgttgctaccggcggtgctctcaaggatgtactcaaacttgagcaggaaacggatcaggacatgctgatcggggatgatatttccgagggagatgatgatggttctcgcctcgcttttggctgggaggctatgcaacggaagtatcggcggttgccagaacgcgataagtga
>gene_40729|replication protein
atgaaggatcgtaaagagttcaagccggttcagggctggattcgtacaaccgaggtgactcgtggccgtgatggttcggcgcatccccattttcacaccctgatgatggtgcccccctcgatgctttctggtgatgcctacgttaaacattaccgctgggttgaattgtggcgtgactgtctccgtgttgattacgatccgaatgtcgatgtccgttcagttaaaccgcgtaaaccgaaagagggggagtctcttgcatgtgctactgctgaactcgttcgcggtgcggtctctgagactctgaaatactccacgaagccctccgatatggtggcagattctgagtggttccttgagctgaccagacagacgcataagcgccgttttgttgccactggcggtgctctcaaggatgttctcaaacttgagcaggaaacggatcaggacatggtgatcggggatgatatttccgagggcgatgatgatggttctcgcctcgcttttggctgggaggctatgcaacggaagtatcggcggttgcctgaaaaagacaagtga
>gene_13704|Mobilization protein
atgaatacgcaaaaatatggaatcgggaattgtggattacttcgagaagctgatagaagtatgtacgagaaaaaagacagtgtatcaaggtcgctgatagacaaagacaggacacatttgaattataatttgtgtagtcatccgcagtacactgaaaaagaaatcagagcaataaacgagaaagtccgtggaaaaaaattgagaaaagatgcagtagcatttggcagcacaatcataactttgccgaaagattacacaggtgatgtgcatgaattctttcgacagttttaccggatatacaaaagtatgctaggactcaaagaagaagacatcatatcagcttacgtgcattttgatgagaccacaccacactgtcatttctattttttgccacattacagacctgaaagtcatccgcaaaaggtaggacaacagagcggtaaagaaagtatggcgtgggataaagtaatgccaagaatctactaccaaaagcaacacgaaacactggcaaaatacatggaacaagaattgggatgcaaagtgaatcttgaaaacggcgcaacactgggaataggtgatgtaaacaagctaaccgcaaaagaaaagaaagccggtataaaaacacaagcggaaagaaaagcggaagcagaagcagaatttgaccagtggaaaaccgaaatggaaaaaaagaaatctgatatcgaagaagaaatagcgcagttagagacaacactcattgaaaaaaatggcgagctgtctgaagtgggaattaaactcacacaaggaaaaaccactctaaaacacgtagaagaaaagctatttgagaaaaacagcatcatgaatcaaatcaatgcagaattccgaagattcaaagcacaatacaaggaattcaccgaagaaaaaataaaagaatacctgaaacaactgaaatttctaataacagaatttgaaagagatgatgattatgagcgagattga
>gene_19285|Putative replication initiator protein, RepB
gcactgtggcggtcggagctgacacttgcagagttcaaaatccttgacacatatctttcaaggatagacagccacaaacccgaaaaacgtgctgtgatgtttgaaaagggcgagcttgagaagatactcggagtgaagaaaatcaacaatcaagacctcgaaacaaggctcaagcaccttatgggaaacgtgatagagataccagacgaaagcatgaaaaaggggttcagactggtaacgctgtttgaagaagcggttgcggaacaggacgattacggactgtggcaagtgaaactggaatgtactcaaaaggctatgaagtattttttcaatatcgagaacctcggttatctgcgttacaagctccgctgtatcacttcgctcacaagccggtacacatacatcatgttcatctaccttgaagccaaccgtttccggaagagttgggacgtgccacttgatgaactgaaacagattttcgactgtgataaagtggagacatactcggcatttaaggaatttaacaagcaagtgctgaaaagggtgcaaaaggaaatgcttgaaaaaacagagtgcagatattcctacgagcctgtcaaaaaaggtcggtctgtggtggcagtccactttgaagttgagacacttccaaaggcaagccttgaagaagtggacgaaaaccaaatgacactggaacagtggcaagaagaagcggtaaaagaaaaagagctgtggcagacaccgcttgaagattttaatttcacacaggaacagtatgacgagcttttttctgtgctgataaccatacctgacttcaaacttccgcaaagctccgcttgctatggttcggttgaacttatgaggtatcactacatagaccaaaaagcaaaggagataaaaagacgggataagcagaagcctatcagaagcaagttctcgtatctcttgaagctgatgaaacaggatgccgaagaataa
>gene_27106|Rep
atggaaaaagtgaaaagtcaaggtaaattagaagttttagacgacgtgaaaaatgggaaaactgtcgattggcagttgaagaagaagcaatctttaaaaattgccgaaagctataaacggctttcttacgcaaaaaatgatgttaggtacaataaatttttgaatgttatgcagtgtggggactttttggagttcaaaaaaacagatttggattttaagctgcataaggcgaatttttgtagagtgcgactttgtcctatgtgcagttggaggcggagtttaaaaatttttggtcagctctctaaagttattaattatattaagacaagcgttgacaaaaagtataaatatgtttttttaacactgacagttaaaaatgttacagggagcaacctcagttctgcacttgatgaaatcttcaaggctttcaattcttttacgaaatataaggattttacggattgttttgttggtttcttccgtagcctagaggttacaagaaatcctgttgacggaacgtatcaccctcatttacactgtgttttgcttgcaaagcccgattattattcacataggtatttaagtcataacaggattgttgaactgtggcaaaaagcattgaaagtcaattactgccccgttgtcgatattcgcaaagttagggatatgggcgggggtattgcagaggtcagcaagtacgcaacgaaggcaacggacataatacaggagaatgaagcattaacggatacaatcgttgatattttggatttggcactccgtaacaggcgactgtgtgcatttggtggggtaatgaaagaaatacataaaaaattgaatttagacgatacagaagacggagatttagttaatacagataatgatgagcttgttgatgaagatgttaatgctttgttttatttgtatcgttggcgtgtggggtataatggagaatataattattatcgaaagatatag
>gene_51269|Rep protein
atgggtactaaatttgatagtaaagtagtagtatatggtaacggagatatagaattaattaaatatagtgcaccttatgtttgtggctctccttctaaatctgtttcctgctctccttctgtcccaaagacagagggggagaaggaaatagataaacaagaaaataaaaaacgtagtctttatcgttcattaaaaaaagtacatggaatagttagaagtaatcatggtcaatatggtcaatactctaaatttataactctaacttttgcggataacgttactgattttgaagttgctaataaagagtttaataattttgttgatagactgaattatcatgtatatggttataagtgcagaaagttagtttatttgggtgttcgtgaacctcaagaaagaggggctatacattaccatgttatatttttcaatcttccataccttgaaagaaaagtgttggatagtctttggactgaaggttctaataatatcagtgctatcgacaatagtttggaaggggtaggagatgttgctagctatgtcacaaagtatatgagtaaaagtttctatggggagatagaaaaaaaaggtagtaagaaaaagagtttctatttcgattttgaagtatggggaaataaaaaagcttattttacaagtagaaatataaagcgacctagtgaacatagattaaattttgttgaatttgatgaaaatattttagaggctgttgctccttattatgaagagcacacaactgttgaaccagtagaaataagtgatggtgtttttactagaaaaatagataaagtgttttataagagtgttcctttaaatgtgtgttcatatattagtactatgttaaaatattgtactgatagatttgttaaaagggattataactttaaaattcataaaagtatattaatcaggcaaaaaaaatattttgagccttgtaatttagtttgggatttttaa
>gene_31261|Rep-like protein
atgattataagcgaaatcgaaaaaaatgtcaagcgtgaacgggtagacaaatatgcagcacacaagcagctgtgtgctaaggtggccggaaaaatgttggccgccggatacgatgaaagggcgcggaaaatatataattgcagcgatataatcaggacaaaaatatgccccggctgcgggcgaatggaggttatagggagcatgaggtgcaaggatcgtttttgccctatttgcggatggctgctttctgagagacggtacattgacatggtaaacacgatgtctgagataacaaaagagaaccccatcggaatcgaatatacgttcctcactcttacggtgagaaactgcaaactcggggatcttaattcaaccatt
>gene_37490|Relaxase/mobilization
atgaaggccaaggtcgaacgcggcggcggcttccgtggcgcgctggattacgccctcaggaaggggggcgggaacgcctgcgagatcatcggcggcacgatgagcggccagaccccgcgcgacctttcgaccgagttcgggctttcacgggccgcgcggcccggcgtggcaaggcccgtgtggcatacgagcctttccctgccccccggcgagcatctcgattccgaccgatgggccgaggttgcggacgacttcatgcgggggatggggcttgccgatcaccagtatgtcgtgatccggcatcacgacaccgacctcgaccacgtccacattgtcgccagccggatcgcgctggacggcaccctgtatcacggcgctttcgacgcgaagcgggcgatcaccctcacgcaggagctggaggagcggcacggtttgaccaggaccaagggactcgaggacggccccgcgccgcaggccagacccacaaagggcgagatcgagcaggccgagcggacgggcgacgccccgccgcgcctggtgcttcaggagatcgtggacgcggcgctggccgagccgggcagcgtgtttgattttatggaccggatcgaggcggcgggggcggtggcccgcccaaatgtcgcaaaaaccgggaaaatgaatggtttttcctttgaatacgggggaatcccgttcaagggcagcgaccttggaaaggcttacacctggaaggggcttcaggagcgggggatcgagtatgagcaggaccgagatggtgaggcgctccgcgcaagagcaagccgccccggcgcaggaacgggcgagatcgacagcggaagcccaatcccgcttgatcgaccggctggaccggctggcggaggaccagacgaggctggccgaggaacagcggacagccgcccggcagttggcggcggggatgaccagtatggcccagcaggccgagcaggtgatcca
>gene_20806|Rep protein
atgcacgaaagggaaacaccgaagacataccgaagcggtattcagtcggtgatcaatgacaaagaacgatctaagacccaccgggtctatcggcagtctgtcatggttaccgccggaggctatgtcaaggcgcgtcagtataaccgggacatcatgcaactgaaacccggactcaaggagatcaaaaagaagcttccgcccggagtgttacccggagaagttcctgaaggtcgacaagctgccgatcgagacggcgaaaaagagatcgccaaaacctctctgatgcgtactcgagactcattgatagcctacgccagcgagaacagccgacattggcactcgttcataacactcacattcggcgacgaggtgacagagatcaccgaagccaataacaagttctcaaacttcactcgacaatggaaccggaactttccggagttccggtatctcggtgtaccggaatatcagaaaaacggtcgagtacattaccaccttctgaccaacctggtctgtggcgatcagatcccggagaaagaaccgatcaagacctacaacaagaacaccaggaaggaaaccgtgttgaagttctatgacctgccatactgggggtacggcttctcaagtgccttcaacatcgacacaaccaacgatcagttcaacgtggctttgtacatcaccaagtacttgttcaaagacgttgacaaccggcttttcggtcataacaagatcttgaagtccaacaatctggacaagccggtagtgtattacctcaacgataaccaggtgtacaccaatgcgatcaagtacctcttggagaatgggtaccaagtcgagacatatgtccatgagtccgaagatgagtttgcagccggattcactcaagatacgattcacatggtaaagaccttcgatcaagactatcttgccggttacattggcattaactcggcatttcaaagggatatgaagtga
>gene_8717|Replication initiation protein
atggaaaagacagataaggcgcaggatttcaggggtacggtgacaaagtccactttgctggtactccgtagtaagtaccagctcagcggtggagaggacaggatcctgcggtatatcatctcccagctccccatgatggacgatgactatatacactctgtggagctggacgctgacaaaggcgactacagacgggctcctgtagtcgacatcactatcaaggactacatagagctgctcgacatagaggacgacgggcgggcttataaccgcataaagcgggatatcaaggctttacgagaccgatccgtgtgggtggaggatcctaaccgacctggaggagaggtgacggcaagctggatcatgagacctcagatagacaagggtagcggggacgtaaggatcccgatagatccctatatcctgagatatatccgaggtctgaaggaaagctttatcacatacaaggtcgaggatagcgtccgcatgaaatcgatatatagccgtatgctttatgacgttattttgacggagagctggaaagatggggatgaacacatcatcagcatagaggatctccggaagtatctccagctcgcagagggtgagtatcagcttttcgcaaactttcgccgaagatgcatagagccggcggttaaggacatccgtgagcatacgggtatggatatcacgtgcgactatatcatgacggggcgaagatgccagtcggtccgctttaccatcaaaaagcccgagaaaaagagcaaaggcaagggtaagcgggtagactttacgagtccgacttgtacctactcatgtgacaatcagatcgaaatggacatgaacaagctggatcctgacaagccgaaaaagagggcacgtaggaagaaaacatatgcggacttcgagcagaggacggacgacttggacgctatggtgcaaaagaaaaccttggaaaggatgaaaggagtatag
>gene_55642|Mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggcagacaattattttatctttagaacgggcaaattaaaaagtcatcaagatgtcgtgaatgttctcaaagaacagcacagagctgatgattatgaatcacacagagccgacaaaacgcaatcatacaagaatgaatattcggcaaagtatcaaagagcaatacaaacttttgacgaacttttaccaaagaagcgaagaaaaaatgctgtagtcgggttaaattttgttgtttccacttctcaagaattttcttccaaagcagaagaatcagctttttacggtcaagcaataaattacatttctcaaaattttggtcgcgttgttgggtgggcaattcatcgcgacgaaacatcaacgcatttacaatgcgtaacaattccattggtcgacggtaagctgaacgctagagaattactcggtggcgataagcacagaatgagtgcaattcaaacagatttttataacaaggtcggcaaagagtttggactgaaacggggcaaagatgttgcagaaacaaaagctgttcataagacagttgagcagaaacatagagagcaagaaaaagcactcgcagagcgtgaaaaaaggctctcagaacgcgaaaaagaacttgaccgacaagaatcattactgaatgaaaaaatggctcgttttgaacaagatagagcctttgacgaacgagctgaaagagttgttcagtcaatgtgtgcagcaggaaaattcaacgaaaattctaaatcaagggatttgttcggggcattgcgacaagttgtcaaaggttttgccaaagctcaagaaaaattaaacaagctgttaaaatgtccactcgataccgtttttaattgggtcgctgatgcaaaagctcgtggctgttcagatttgttttcctacttccaacaaaaagagcaagagcgaaaaaaacagcaacagaaagagcgaaacgaagaaaacaagagaagtttttcaagataa
>gene_4145|tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaaataagtgaagcacttgaaatattttacaaagcacaattggtaaaaggtaatcaagaagcaactgtacaagcttataaatcacagcttcagccatttctaaattatacaaacaatattgaaatatcaaaacttaattatgagttatattgtgattatattttacatttgcgaaatcagaaaagaaaattaagcacagtaacaatacatagctatgcaaatgcattaaaaatattttttagctttctgtatgaagaaaaaattatattacaaaacattgcagtagaaataaaaaagttgcctaaacaactgtatacaataccaaaaataattactccagaagaaatacaaaaaatatttaacgaaagtgatttgaaaaataaaatgcattgcagaaatgttttgatatttgttttagcgtttgatagtggtttaagattgtcagagcttatacgattgcagatacaagactttgattatattaacagattaattcgagtaactggaaaatggaataagcagaggaatgtaccgcttacagatacaattctgtattatcttcaagaatatttaaaattttataaattcagaaatacaggacaactgcttttaagcaatcgtgatttgccgattacaaaatcagctataagaacattgttcaagcgaataaaaaagaaatatggatttacagaatttcatccgcatttgttaagacatagttttgcaacattattcttgaaaaatggcggagatagtcttgtgctacaagacatactcggacatacaacattggaaatgacaaaaagatatgtgcatttagcaaatagcataaaaatggcagagcaaagaaagtactcaccaatgacaaagagcaaagatgagggttcaaaagaaaatacccctttgcttggcaaaggggtattttttgaacttcacgctaacactcgaaaaagcgtaagttcaaaataa
>gene_33342|Putative replication protein B
atggcaaaggaaatagttagatacaataatcagatgaataaaatcccgttaaaaaattttgaaaaagttgatatgaatttcttgtatacaatatgttcaatgttagcgaaagagatagaaaaagacgtagttgaaatttcaatagcagactttaaattaatggcagaatataatcaatcaactagccggttgctgaaagacctggacagaatggaagataaactgctgcggtgtaaaggaagatatcgaaacggaaatgaatcatcaaaattcaatctattcgctactatcacacgtatcgaagatagcaaaggggttgttaaggctgtaagaattagagtgaatccggattttaagtggctactgactgatatagctaaagagttcactagctttgaacttcaagagtatgtatcactatcaaacatatatgcaaaagccctgtacaagcttttaaagcagtggaaaacacagggcaaaacaccggagtattcaatagaagaattcaaagagctgttagccgcaccggattacaaggcaaaagacgtgatgaaagaagttatcaagccggcagttgaggaaattaagacagtcaaaggctttgaaactctgtggtgtgaggtagtgtatgcccgaaagcgtggcagaccggttcaaggctacatattccacttcgatccggaagatttaagtgggcagataacatttaacagtatagagcagtttgatgaaattactaagggcatgacagctaagcagaaagcggcggcagtcgctactgccaacaacatactgaaagccaagaagaacccgaaacgcaagaagccagtaatgcaggaaagacacgcaagcacgaaagagcgtgaagacagattcagattactgcaagaaaaaatgctactggcgaatggtgtggggctgacagaggaagaaataaaagagtacgaaaaattgaagaaagaaaggagttaa
>gene_54584|Putative replication protein B
atggcaaaggaaatagttagatacaataatcagatgaataaaatcccgttaaaaaattttgaaaaagttgatatgaatttcttgtatacaatatgttcaatgttagcgaaagagatagaaaaagacgtagttgaaatttcaatagcagactttaaattaatggcagaatataatcaatcaactagccggttgctgaaagacctggacagaatggaagataaactgctgcggtgtaaaggaagatatcgaaacggaaatgaatcatcaaaattcaatctattcgctactatcacacgtatcgaagatagcaaaggggttgttaaggctgtaagaattagagtgaatccggattttaagtggctactgactgatatagctaaagagttcactagctttgaacttcaagagtatgtatcactatcaaacatatatgcaaaagccctgtacaagcttttaaagcagtggaaaacacagggcaaaacaccggagtattcaatagaagaattcaaagagctgttagccgcaccggattacaaggcaaaagacgtgatgaaagaagttatcaagccggcagttgaggaaattaagacagtcaaaggctttgaaactctgtggtgtgaggtagtgtatgcccgaaagcgtggcagaccggttcaaggctacatattccacttcgatccggaagatttaagtgggcagataacatttaacagtatagagcagtttgatgaaattactaagggcatgacagctaagcagaaagcggcggcagtcgctactgccaacaacatactgaaagccaagaagaacccgaaacgcaagaagccagtaatgcaggaaagacacgcaagcacgaaagagcgtgaagacagattcagattactgcaagaaaaaatgctactggcgaatggtgtggggctgacagaggaagaaataaaagagtacgaaaaattgaagaaagaaaggagttaa
>gene_36382|Putative replication protein B
atggcaaaggaaatagttagatacaataatcagatgaataaaatcccgttaaaaaattttgaaaaagttgatatgaatttcttgtatacaatatgttcaatgttagcgaaagagatagaaaaagacgtagttgaaatttcaatagcagactttaaattaatggcagaatataatcaatcaactagccggttgctgaaagacctggacagaatggaagataaactgctgcggtgtaaaggaagatatcgaaacggaaatgaatcatcaaaattcaatctattcgctactatcacacgtatcgaagatagcaaaggggttgttaaggctgtaagaattagagtgaatccggattttaagtggctactgactgatatagctaaagagttcactagctttgaacttcaagagtatgtatcactatcaaacatatatgcaaaagccctgtacaagcttttaaagcagtggaaaacacagggcaaaacaccggagtattcaatagaagaattcaaagagctgttagccgcaccggattacaaggcaaaagacgtgatgaaagaagttatcaagccggcagttgaggaaattaagacagtcaaaggctttgaaactctgtggtgtgaggtagtgtatgcccgaaagcgtggcagaccggttcaaggctacatattccacttcgatccggaagatttaagtgggcagataacatttaacagtatagagcagtttgatgaaattactaagggcatgacagctaagcagaaagcggcggcagtcgctactgccaacaacatactgaaagccaagaagaacccgaaacgcaagaagccagtaatgcaggaaagacacgcaagcacgaaagagcgtgaagacagattcagattactgcaagaaaaaatgctactggcgaatggtgtggggctgacagaggaagaaataaaagagtacgaaaaattgaagaaagaaaggagttaa
>gene_31490|Putative replication protein B
atggcaaaggaaatagttagatacaataatcagatgaataaaatcccgttaaaaaattttgaaaaagttgatatgaatttcttgtatacaatatgttcaatgttagcgaaagagatagaaaaagacgtagttgaaatttcaatagcagactttaaattaatggcagaatataatcaatcaactagccggttgctgaaagacctggacagaatggaagataaactgctgcggtgtaaaggaagatatcgaaacggaaatgaatcatcaaaattcaatctattcgctactatcacacgtatcgaagatagcaaaggggttgttaaggctgtaagaattagagtgaatccggattttaagtggctactgactgatatagctaaagagttcactagctttgaacttcaagagtatgtatcactatcaaacatatatgcaaaagccctgtacaagcttttaaagcagtggaaaacacagggcaaaacaccggagtattcaatagaagaattcaaagagctgttagccgcaccggattacaaggcaaaagacgtgatgaaagaagttatcaagccggcagttaaggaaattaagacagtcaaaggctttgaaactctgtggtgtgaggtagtgtatgcccgaaagcgtggcagaccggttcaaggctacatattccacttcgatccggaagatttaagtgggcagataacatttaacagtatagagcagtttgatgaaattactaagggcatgacagctaagcagaaagcggcggcagtcgctactgccaacaacatactgaaagccaagaagaacccgaaacgcaagaagccagtaatgcaggaaagacacgcaagcacgaaagagcgtgaagacagattcagattactgcaagaaaaaatgctactggcgaatggtgtggggctgacagaggaagaaataaaagagtacgaaaaattgaagaaagaaaggagttaa
>gene_45250|Plasmid recombination protein
atggtttcaatttcttttaatttaggcgatggaaatctccgacataatacccgagaatacatcgccaaaaatattgataaggatagaataaaaaataatatctgttacaaaaacgagagtttggaaaaatcctacgcggaaattttttcaaattcaattaaagagtttgacgaaaaacagaaacgctccgatcgcaaaatcggcagcgttgaaaattatatgacgaaaataagaacctcaaagaatggggaaaagctttttaaggagttaattatccaaataggagacaagaccaactctttggtaggttctgagggcggtttgaaagcacaaaaggtgctagaagagtatgccaagggctttcagaagagaaatccaaatttgcgtgtgttttcatcgcatctacatcttgatgagagcacgccacatctgcatatagattttgtgccagttggagagtatgagaaaggcttgaagaagcgtaattcaatgagacaggctcttgagtgtcaaggaattacctcgggacatactcacaaggacaataatctgatggcgtgggagaaacaggagagagaggaattaaagcgtatttgttcctctttgaatattgaagtatccaaagaaaagaaagcccgaggaactctctctgtgactgaatataaggtagtccaagaagctttacagaaagaacgagcagaagtaaatcgtgctttagcaacaaccaagggattaaagcagataaaagctaaaaagtcattgttcagtcgtgaaaaagtagctatggtaacaatgacagaggaatactggaaagctttcgttaaagattacacagcagtcgccacgaaagcaagcatagctaataaaaaagtagaggaactgacacaaaactcacagcaagtgcatcaattctttttgcagacacaggcaaaggaaaagaaacagaaagagaaagaattaaagcagacacagaaacaaaaagagctggacgagaaagaaaagagatgtagcaaggttttaagccttgatatatccgaattttggaaagaaaccgtagagaatttgaaaaaagtctggaacaaagccaatcaagaattaaaagagacagttaaaaatcttgaaaacaaactcaacaactggcaggataaatataccaagcttgaagatagacacaaatcagtaagtaatagactggaattattcgcaaatgaagtatatgaaaaggatataaattccagaattaaagacgatgctcgtctgcaaggtaaaaaactgttctttgacagcgatgaaacgaccacgactggacaagtgattgattttggcagtaaacacaaccacgcaggttttgtgattattatggacgaaaataacgatttacacgttaggttacacattccagttggagtaattaaacagatagacgagaaaacatcgcaaaactaccctgaaccaacagtaattacaattaacccacaaagcaaatggtcactaactacacctgttgcttcggaactggactacaaacagtatgttcgcaaactagaaaggacaaaatctcggtaa
>gene_6245|Replication protein
gtgagaggagcttttgatttggcgaataaaaagatattgcaagataaaaatagttatgggaagccacgaccttggcggcagaagaaattagaaaacttgcgttatgcagaatatctatcaattttgttatataaaaaagcacataaagtacaaggctgcgcagatgttttgcgttttcgaaagttgcctgatggttcaactaagctttatcaaacgtggttctgtaagagtcggctatgtcctttgtgcaactggcgtagaagtttaaaaaactctagtcagttaactgaaattttggcagaagctcatcggcggcattcaactgctagatttatttttttaacacttacagaagaaaattcagttgatggtgttgacttaaaacgacgtttgaaggcgttaactcatgctttctttaagttggttcattataaaaaagtatctaagaatctgctaggctttgttcgctcaactgaaattacgacgaatgcaaatggttcttatcatcaacatttgcatgttttgctttttgttaagagtgcttattttaagggaacaggaaactatttgtctcaagttgattggactaacttatggcagaaggctcttaaaagctcatataagccgattgtgaacgttgaagcggttcggacgaataaatctaagggaaagtcctctttgctcgctagcgctcaggaaacggctaaatatcaagttaagtctgctgattacatgacggacgatgataatcgcaatcaacaggtgattgatgacttggagcaagccttggctggtactcgtcaaattggttatggaggtttgttgaaacagattaaacagcaattgaaattggacgatgccgataatggtgatttagtaaatgttgacggggacaaattgtctgaaccgactgaagctgaattaatcgtggctaggtgggatcaacaacgtaaaaattatttaatttggtag
>gene_51539|Replication protein
atgtccaacaacagaatatcacaaaaagacagcaaagtcaagctatctcccttgtcgccctggcgcgaaaaaaagaaagaatctatcaaaattgcaaaaaaactgcagcttataggttatatcgaaaggagcaaaagagtgatggagtgcagcgaacttcttataaaacgcaaatgtgaatgcggacaaacgcacattcagacggcaaacctctgcagagataggttgtgcccaatttgcaactggcggctttctctcaaacgatatgcgaatatgatacatatccttgattttatgcggaacaacatagaaacaaaatatcactttctttttatgaccctcacaataagaaactgcaaagcccacaggttgaatgcaacagttaagcatatgtcgcaatcctggaacagacttttacagcgaaaatctttcaaagaaaaaattgaaggtttcgccaggtcagtagaagttacattcaatcgagagcgcgaagattttcaccctcacttccacattattgctgcagtcagagtgggggagtgcatctctccggcagaagtcagagaagcgtggagagaagttctccgcatcagctatgatcctattacagatattcgagaagtctacaacaaaaacaaagcggaagcgggcgaagattcttcagacgatgccacagctgcagtgctcgagactttcaaatatgcagttaagagtaaaactttacaagatatgccgctcaatttgttccgagagctttctgaccaaataaattcccttcgtttggtaagcttcggaggagtgtttaagaaggtcaaaaacaccctcgcgcttgaaatggaaagcatttccgaatcagacgaaatcagcatcagaaaagacgaatgcagcaaatgtggaagtctgatgcaagaaatcctttataagtggagcttcggtgaaaacgcataccaggagtttaaactggaagagtaa
>gene_33181|Chromosome partition protein Smc
atgagtggaaacgacaagctgcgggtgtcgcagcacagcggcaggcagggctcggcgaagcataacgacaggtcattcatggcgggacggtcggacgagtggcggcaggagcacgcacctcacatcgacacgacacgcaccggggaaaacgtggtatggacgtgggacgggcaaacaagcgtagaagcgtcggaacgggcgtggtacacggaggcgtaccagcgggcgcaggatgccacaaatgcccggtatgtccgcgagggacacgctgaccgatgcaaaaccacggacgacctgtatacggggcgtctgacgcgtccagaggagatgatattgcaggttggcgaccgtcacacggacatagacctgggacagctggggcaggctctggatgcgtacctgggacggttggatgagtggaatgacgctcacggagggcatatgcacatcctgtcgatggctctgcatctggacgagaccagcccacacgttcacgtccgcagggtgtgggattataccgaccgagacggactgacccggctggggcaggcaaaagccctcgaggcggcgggcgtggaactgccagaccccggaaaacccgttggtcggtataataaccgtaaaatgtcattcgatagcatggctcgcggctggtggcaggaatgttgccaggagcagggttgggacatcgagacagacgcccgcccggacatgagacacaaagacaaagcggagtatgtctatggacagatagccgcagaaatcgacactatgaccgcacaggctgacaaaagccgacaggatgccgccgcggctcgacaggaagcgacagccgccgaccggattcgacaggatgcgacacgacaggcagaggacgcccagcagagagcgcaggaagcccgccagcaggcacgggagaccgaggggcggctcactactgcccgagcggaactggaagccatagaagagcgcacgcgtgctctcacggcggcagaagtggagcgcatggcacacgcacacaagggttttttcggtctgcggctggtgcggtctgacgactgggagcgggtcatggacaccgcccggcaggcagaaagcgcgaccgcccgcgctgatgctatcgagcaggagcgggacactatcctgcggcaggcgcaggaacaggcacaggagcttacacagcaggctacgcaggagcgagacagagccctgcgggagcgcgaccgggcacgccagcagagggacggcttgcggaaagagcgggatgccatcgccaaagacgcacaggagtggatagagcgagcctctgacgaccgcggcgtgtacttgagcgggtatctcaagaccgagcgcatggcaagcaagctggtcgccctcatggagtaccaggagggatggatgctcaagagtctggacgagaccatggacaggtatatcagtagcattccagccccgatgatgccggactccatgcgcgagatgctgaacgagttccgggagcaggatgcccagctagagacgcatgagcgggtggtcaaagacctttcggacgaccttgagctgtga
>gene_7263|Replication protein RepA
atgaataaatttgaagcacaagacactgattttcggtcaactttttataaaaatttaccgcacaagccatattgcacgaatgaattgggtgcaggcttaatcattcgtcagaaaaaaacggcaattcaaatgccgtatatccaacataacccgccttgcttcatttcaagcttagtctttgatgtagacacatctgacgcttatttttcatggtttgatgcaaatttaccgcccccaacgtggatagccaaaaatagccaaaatggacatgcacatattggctatatgcttttagctccagtgtgtaccacgcatcgagcaaagcagaatgtcatacagtaccttgccaagattgagcaggcgtatagcttggcgttaggtgcagatcgtggctatacgggcttaatcactaaaaatccatgtcacggaacatgggaaaatcatacttttggcgtccaaccatacgacctaaattatttagccgattttgtagagcttcaggaactaaaaaccgacttaaaagaggtttcagggcttgggcgtaactgtatgatgttcgatacggttcgtttttgggcttatgaagcgattagagcgtttatttcggggccgcctgatagttggtatgcggaagtgttaaaagtcgctataaacgcaaat
>gene_56500|Replication protein RepA
atgaataaatttgaagcacaagacactgattttcggtcaactttttataaaaatttaccgcacaagccatattgcacgaatgaattgggtgcaggcttaatcattcgtcagaaaaaaacggcaattcaaatgccgtatatccaacataacccgccttgcttcatttcaagcttagtctttgatgtagacacatctgacgcttatttttcatggtttgatgcaaatttaccgcccccaacgtggatagccaaaaatagccaaaatggacatgcacatattggctatatgcttttagctccagtgtgtaccacgcatcgagcaaagcagaatgtcatacagtaccttgccaagattgagcaggcgtatagcttggcgttaggtgcagatcgtggctatacgggcttaatcactaaaaatccatgtcacggaacatgggaaaatcatacttttggcgtccaaccatacgacctaaattatttagccgattttgtagagcttcaggaactaaaaaccgacttaaaagaggtttcagggcttgggcgtaactgtatgatgttcgatacggttcgtttttgggcttatgaagcgattagagcgtttatttcggggccgcctgatagttggtatgcggaagtgttaaaagtcgctataaacgcaaatggtgcgtttttagagccattgccacattcagaggtaaaggcaactgctaagtctattgctcgttgggtatggcgcaatcacacagaagcacatgccaaatttatcgagcgtcagactgtcaaagggcgtaaaggcggtctaagcagtgattccagtcatggcggtaaggctagatcagcacagtacagcgatatccgccaagaagccttaaaactgcacgttctggggttcaatccaacgcaaatagccaaaaaattaaatatttcacgtccaagcgtctataaatgggttaaaaattgtccaaaagtgtaa
>gene_54822|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcatacgcaatcatgcgggcaaagaagctcgccaacatgggctcagtggcggcctcgatgcagcattgctaccgggaacggaatacacacaatgctgaccaggaacgcacacccgacaatcaacacctggtcgccaaaagcacggacgaggcgatgggaaaactgcgggctttgctgccagagaaacggcgcaaagatgcggttttgactgtcgaatacgtgatgacggccagtcctgattggttcgagaaagctacaccagaacaggaaaaagcgttctttcagcagtccttgcagtggttggcggacaagtacggggccgatcgcattgttacggccagtatccaccgggacgaatccacgccacacctgtcggctttcgtcgtgccgctgactcaagacaaacgcctgagcgccaaggagttcatcggcagtcgcgacaagatgcgcgccgaccaaacctcctacgccgcctgtgtggccaatcttggcttggagcgcgggatcgaaggcagcatggccaaccatcagcgaattcagcagcactacgcggcggtccaacagggaatggagtcttccgtgacgcttctgccctcatccgtagaaccgcgggtgctggagaaggcgactttgctggagcgagtcagaggccgtggggatctggtcgaagatgcagaaatgatcgccaagcgtgtgacgaaggatttgaacaaagggtttgcggggaccgttgctaaggcctctgagagcgttgagagcgaacgcaaggcgagagaggcacggaacacggcaaaaggcctcagaaagcgcctggagacgtttgaggggtctttcagggggcttacgaaggatcagatcgccagcgtgctc
>gene_27071|Putative replication initiator protein
atgagcaaaaaagaagatattgaaaagcaaagagaccttattgtcgcaaaacgaaatgacatgttacagaaagcaaggtttaacctaaccgttcaggagcaaaaggttattctttatgctgttgctcagattaaacccgatgacaccgatataaccgaatacactttcgagatcagggatttttttgacattatgggctgggacaaagaaagttactctgatttcaagaaaatgctcaagggattatctgataagagctggtgggttcctgtcgttaaagatggtgaagtgtgggatagtgttgttcgatggtttactacggcacgatccaacaagcgatccggcaaagtgacggttgaatttcacaaggacatgatgccgtacctgatcgagctctccaaacagtatactttgacaggtcaaagatactcccagtacaagctgaaatacatactggctatgcaatccaagttttctccgagattatatgagctactcaagagctacgaaaataacacctcatggtttttccatattgacgaacttcataaacttttatccgatagtgacaaagaaggcaatcctaccatcccaaaggggtggaaaaactttgctatttttaagagagatgtccttgaaccggctgtagcagaaatcaataaatacaccgatctgaaggtagtgtacaaaacagaaactgccggtagaaagatagtcaaagtccatttcctgcttttaaacaaaacacaggggcagcttatggaggcagatcaggccattcaggaagaattggacgggcagatcgatatctttgacgtgttgaatgaagagccggatccgttcgatgtggcgaagaaagaacacctggccgcaatcaaagctgaacgagaggctgaagcagcagaagagcagcgccggcaagtgtccaaacaaggaattaaggcctggattgacacagaagatgcagaataa
>gene_26340|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctccatcaaggctcgttacctctctgcaactgggcaacagatgcagaagaaggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgtcgttgtaatcaaagacactaccacgatgaaggaactgcagaacctcgcccaggaactggaatcccgcttcggaatccgttgtttccaaatcgccatccacaaggacgaggggcatgtggcagccaaagaatggacgccaaatctgcatgcccacatggtgtttgactggactgacgagaacggcaagtcggtcaagttacgcaagtctgacatggtagagatgcagacgatcgttgcaaactgcctcaaaatggatcgaggcattgcatcagacaagaagcacctcaacgcagttcagtacaaactcaaaaagagaatggagatgttggaacagagggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaggattctctctttcttcggagttggcgaactcgcctccatccggaccgaactaaaagacgcacaagaggcattagaagccctacaagcggacagagagcgcagggagggggaagtgaaggcagaacttgagaaagtcgaacagagggcaaaagaaggcttttccaaggggtatcagcaggcttgtgacgatgtttttgccgttacagggtgggattccttcaagtcaaagaaggaaatccacaaccttaacaccatcaaagagcacatcaccatgctgacagagagg
>gene_54545|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctccatcaaggctcgttacctctctgcaactgggcaacagatgcagaagaaggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgtcgttgtaatcaaagacactaccacgatgaaggaactgcagaacctcgcccaggaactggaatcccgcttcggaatccgttgtttccaaatcgccatccacaaggacgaggggcatgtggcagccaaagaatggacgccaaatctgcatgcccacatggtgtttgactggactgacgagaacggcaagtcggtcaagttacgcaagtctgacatggtagagatgcagacgatcgttgcaaactgcctcaaaatggatcgaggcattgcatcagacaagaagcacctcaacgcagttcagtacaaactcaaaaagagaatggagatgttggaacagagggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaggattctctctttcttcggagttggcgaactcgcctccatccggaccgaactaaaagacgcacaagaggcattagaagccctacaagcggacagagagcgcagggagggggaagtgaaggcagaacttgagaaagtcgaacagagggcaaaagaaggcttttccaaggggtatcagcaggcttgtgacgatgtttttgccgttacagggtgggattccttcaagtcaaagaaggaaatccacaaccttaacaccatcaaagagcacatcaccatgctgacagagagggcgcggaatgcggtcgagaacgcaaacgaatggagggaatacgcacaggatttaaagcagaagttagagggtgagcagaccgcaggaaggagaagataa
>gene_19329|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctccatcaaggctcgttacctctctgcaactgggcaacagatgcagaagaaggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgtcgttgtaatcaaagacactaccacgatgaaggaactgcagaacctcgcccaggaactggaatcccgcttcggaatccgttgtttccaaatcgccatccacaaggacgaggggcatgtggcagccaaagaatggacgccaaatctgcatgcccacatggtgtttgactggactgacgagaacggcaagtcggtcaagttacgcaagtctgacatggtagagatgcagacgatcgttgcaaactgcctcaaaatggatcgaggcattgcatcagacaagaagcacctcaacgcagttcagtacaaactcaaaaagagaatggagatgttggaacagagggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaggattctctctttcttcggagttggcgaactcgcctccatccggaccgaactaaaagacgcacaagaggcattagaagccctacaagcggacagagagcgcagggagggggaagtgaaggcagaacttgagaaagtcgaacagagggcaaaagaaggcttttccaaggggtatcagcaggcttgtgacgatgtttttgccgttacagggtgggattccttcaagtcaaagaaggaaatccacaaccttaacaccatcaaagagcacatcaccatgctgacagagagggcgcggaatgcggtcgagaacgcaaacgaatggagggaatacgcacaggatttaaagcagaagttagagggtgagcagaccgcaggaaggagaagataa
>gene_53734|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctccatcaaggctcgttacctctctgcaactgggcaacagatgcagaagaaggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgtcgttgtaatcaaagacactaccacgatgaaggaactgcagaacctcgcccaggaactggaatcccgcttcggaatccgttgtttccaaatcgccatccacaaggacgaggggcatgtggcagccaaagaatggacgccaaatctgcatgcccacatggtgtttgactggactgacgagaacggcaagtcggtcaagttacgcaagtctgacatggtagagatgcagacgatcgttgcaaactgcctcaaaatggatcgaggcattgcatcagacaagaagcacctcaacgcagttcagtacaaactcaaaaagagaatggagatgttggaacagagggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaggattctctctttcttcggagttggcgaactcgcctccatccggaccgaactaaaagacgcacaagaggcattagaagccctacaagcggacagagagcgcagggagggggaagtgaaggcagaacttgagaaagtcgaacagagggcaaaagaaggcttttccaaggggtatcagcaggcttgtgacgatgtttttgccgttacagggtgggattccttcaagtcaaagaaggaaatccacaaccttaacaccatcaaagagcacatcaccatgctgacagagagggcgcggaatgcggtcgagaacgcaaacgaatggagggaatacgcacaggatttaaagcagaagttagagggtgagcagaccgcaggaaggagaagataa
>gene_38079|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctccatcaaggctcgttacctctctgcaactgggcaacagatgcagaagaaggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgtcgttgtaatcaaagacactaccacgatgaaggaactgcagaacctcgcccaggaactggaatcccgcttcggaatccgttgtttccaaatcgccatccacaaggacgaggggcatgtggcagccaaagaatggacgccaaatctgcatgcccacatggtgtttgactggactgacgagaacggcaagtcggtcaagttacgcaagtctgacatggtagagatgcagacgatcgttgcaaactgcctcaaaatggatcgaggcattgcatcagacaagaagcacctcaacgcagttcagtacaaactcaaaaagagaatggagatgttggaacagagggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaggattctctctttcttcggagttggcgaactcgcctccatccggaccgaactaaaagacgcacaagaggcattagaagccctacaagcggacagagagcgcagggagggggaagtgaaggcagaacttgagaaagtcgaacagagggcaaaagaaggcttttccaaggggtatcagcaggcttgtgacgatgtttttgccgttacagggtgggattccttcaagtcaaagaaggaaatccacaaccttaacaccatcaaagagcacatcaccatgctgacagagagggcgcggaatgcggtcgagaacgcaaacgaatggagggaatacgcacaggatttaaagcagaagttagagggtgagcagaccgcaggaaggagaagataa
>gene_30489|replication protein
atgagcataccacaaaaacctttagatgtcaatgggcgagaaaaggaaataagaaaagcaatcaatgaaaactgggcggaacgcaagtcatatgcgaaaaaagtatcggcaaagcttgcctcggtcggagaagaaaaaagagcaatcgccgtcggctcttgttcgcagaatatcgttgctactctttgcccggtctgtggcgaatatcacgctcagtcggttttcctctgccgtgacagggtctgccccatctgtcagtggcgacttgcccggcaaagatttgccgagatgatgcaagtccttgaaataattgcctcagaagatgaagcggcaaaagtaacaatgctcacgcttacaattaaaaattgcgagataagttcccttcgggaaacttgcgaaaagatgtcaaaagcttggtttaacctgttcagaacaaaaatgttttcaaaggttgtcggcacggcccgcagcttggaaattacatacaataagcataagaaaacttttcacccgcattatcatatccttttgttttgggaaaaagatttttcgcccggtgcgggctttttagatgaagttgccaagaagtggtcaaagctactcaaagtagattataaaactatcatagatcatcgagaggcatatatcaaaaacaaaaaagagcaaagcgaagaataccccgccggggcaatcgtagaagctttcaaatatgcttttaagaatgatacaataaacgaactcccgaaagcgctttacaagcaatttctggccgagattaaagggctgcgctttgtctcatatacaggcatcatcaaaaaaataagggctgcgctcggtttcagcgagaaagatgagccaagcgagaaagatgagatgaaagaaatcgcttgcgaaaagtgcggcgctaagtgccaaaaaatcctttatacttggtcgtgcggcgagtatgtgagggggtttgtaaaatga
>gene_50430|Replication protein
atgcaggacgagaaaaacaaagcccccggtaacacggtatcgatcttggcggacggatgcgtgttatcgggggccgatgaaaccagtggcttccctgccagaatagcacgctacaccagggccaaacagcaggccctggtcatgcgtgagtaccttgagggagagaccgctcccaacgctgtcaaagcacgagcgggcctcgcttcgtgtgccgagtacctgcacttccgggagtacttcacggtgggcaaaatcaggctccactcggccagtttctgcaagcagcacctcatctgccccatgtgtgccattcgccgcggtgcgaaggccctgcaggcctacctggcccgctatgaggtcatccaggaagaacgcccagacctccagcccttcctcatcactttcaccgtgaaaaacggccccgacctggaagagcgtcaccagcatctggtcaagtccatcaagaccctcctcgctcgccgtcgtcgcttcgattccggctctcgcggcgctccctggacagagctctgcaatgcagaagccgccgtctactcgtacgagctgacccagaagggtcgcggttggcacccccacctgcacatggtcgcgctatgcagcaaagcgccctcacaggctgccctcaaggccgaatgggagtcgatcacccgtgacagcttcatggtcgacgtccgtcccttcaacgcttcccaggagcccgtagaggccttcatggaggtgttcaagtacgccgtgaagttctccgacctgtcccctgctgacaactggcacgcagcccagattttcaagggcaaaaggctactcgggagcttcggtcttttccggggcgtggacgtcccggaagaactcacggatacccctctcgacgatctcccctacgtcgatcgcttctaccgattcctccagggcaactaccagttttctggtgaaagcccccgctccagctcctga
>gene_9020|Replication initiation factor family protein
atgagtaaaaaagaacaagaaatctattcaaaacaagttacatcagaagaagtgcaaaattactccttaaccggatactctaatagccggttaagtgttacatccgtgacacaaaatgaaaaaatttcggtggttttcgatagaatcacggttgtaggttatcttatcgagggtcgagaaagacagttaaaaaactatgttgagagagatcctagaataaatttacgtgatactggttttgataagtttaaagctcatgttttggataataaagtgtatgttgaatatgacagacgacttgctaaacaattgaatcgtagtgaaatcagagttgaatttaaccccagcaagttatccgacgaagagaaagattttattcaatttgtatttttagataatctgcgtggtaaagaattttcaagaatagacttagcatttgatttaccaatcaacttagctgatttttatatcatgtcagataaatcattaaagaaaacaattttttatggacgaaatgataaaccagaaacaaagtactttggtgttcgagatagtgaacgttatatcagaatttataataaaaaattgcaactaagtgaagttgataaaaaagaaatcgaagatgagcatttatggagaatagaatttgaactaaaaagatcgatgacacaaaaatgggataaatgttttgatgatttacaaataataaaacctaaatggaaaacagtagagaatcaacagaaaagagcaatggtttatatgcttttaaacgaattagatgaatggtctaatttacaaagaagaacaaaatacagatataaaaaacttcttaacgaaatatcagacgaagatatttctgatgttttgcgagaaactttaaataataatcacgaaaagttacgagcagaattagaaaattatatagctatatcacatcatgacaagctatataattttgacttagggtag
>gene_41457|Putative plasmid recombination protein
atgtctttcgcaattatgagaaccgaaaaagtgaagagtgtcgcaagtcttgcaaatctggaaaaacattgctccagggaaaagatgcccgccaatgctgatcgttctcgatctgcattgaatcagactatcataggcgatacattttccttgccagaaaaatttgcacaaatgacacagggacaaaagatcaggaagaatgctgtaatggctgttgaggtcatgttgacagcttctccaggagcaatcaatgacaaagatactttgaatgcctgggtaaattctaatcgggtatggttagaaaaagaattcggcaaagagaacgtatgccgtatgtggttgcacatggatgagaccacgccacatatacacgcagtagtcataccgttagatcaaaaaggaaaattaaattgcagggcttttctagggggttctgacaagctttctaggctccaggatagttatgctaatgctatgcagtcatttggtctagaaagaggtttaaagggcagtaaagcacatcataagaccatcaaggagttttacaggtcattggaacatgctgcaagtgatcatttaccagaaccagaagagaaaaaaacgtttcttggtgctaaaactgaatcagttcaagcatacaaggaacgtgctgaccaactctataaacaacaaaaaatgcaaatgctacagctacaggaagatctgaggaaagagaaagaacgaagcagatcgagaatagttgaagaatggaaactgcaacatgaggttaacaggctcaataagcaagtaaaaagcatgagtacatacaagattaaagcaagctcctgggataccctgaaaagaggcatagatcagttgaaggataaaacatatgctgaaagtcttaaaaacgacttgaatcgcattctggatgatcagaaggcaaaagaaataagacttagacagcatgatcttgatctcaccaggtaa
>gene_15222|Plasmid replication protein (RepB family)
atggttttattccaagtaaaccgtctaaagaaatggggtagaaaaatgagcggatatgataagttagagattgcaaaatcaagagagtacaccgttgcaaaaagcaatcaagtggtgcagaaaagcagatatgatttttctttgaatgagcaaaaggcacttgcttttgtatgctctatgattaagccaacgacagcagaagaacgggcattgggtacgaaaccacaacttgattatgaatttgaaatattggactttataagaatactcggtttggagcagaacggtagggtatacaacgaagtgaaggcaactctcaaaagcctttccgacaagtctatgtggttgactttggaagatggttctgaaacggttgtgcggtggttggatagagtgactaccaacaagagaagcggtaaggcaaaggtaaggattgatgaccgacttgctccatatctttttgatttgcaggaaaagtatatgtcctatggactgctgaatgtgttggcaatgaaaagtcagtattcaatcagactgtacgaattactgaaatcatatcacgatatgaaatccgctcaaacggacagaagaagcaagttggaaaaagagcataatcccaagtctgtaagttggacaatcgaacttgatgaactcaagaaaatgcttatggttgataccatatcttcctacagtgactttagccttttcagaaaatatgtgattgaaattgcaatgagagaaatcaacgaactgaccgacataagtgtatcatactctcctatcaagaagggtagaaaagttgagaagttgcagtttgaaatttcacagaagaagtctattgataagtggattgccaacacagaagcgagcgaaaagttggactgcaaatcaagagaaatgactgcggaagaaaaggaagaatacaaccgcttgactgctaatgcagagcagatgaaatttgatatatag
>gene_26246|Initiator RepB protein
atggttttattccaagtaaaccgtctaaagaaatggggtagaaaaatgagcggatatgataagttagagattgcaaaatcaagagagtacaccgttgcaaaaagcaatcaagtggtgcagaaaagcagatatgatttttctttgaatgagcaaaaggcacttgcttttgtatgctctatgattaagccaacgacagcagaagaacgggcattgggtacgaaaccacaacttgattatgaatttgaaatattggactttataagaatactcggtttggagcagaacggtagggtatacaacgaagtgaaggcaactctcaaaagcctttccgacaagtctatgtggttgactttggaagatggttctgaaacggttgtgcggtggttggatagagtgactaccaacaagagaagcggtaaggcaaaggtaaggattgatgaccgacttgctccatatctttttgatttgcaggaaaagtatatgtcctatggactgctgaatgtgttggcaatgaaaagtcagtattcaatcagactgtacgaattactgaaatcatatcacgatatgaaatccgctcaaacggacagaagaagcaagttggaaaaagagcataatcccaagtctgtaagttggacaatcgaacttgatgaactcaagaaaatgcttatggttgataccatatcttcctacagtgactttagccttttcagaaaa
>gene_26244|Putative plasmid replication protein
tatgtgattgaaattgcaatgagagaaatcaacgaactgaccgacataagtgtatcatactctcctatcaagaagggtagaaaagttgagaagttgcagtttgaaatttcacagaagaagtctattgataagtggattgccaacacagaagcgagcgaaaagttggactgcaaatcaagagaaatgactgcggaagaaaaggaagaatacaaccgcttgactgctaatgcagagcagatgaaatttgatatatag
>gene_3907|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcttacgctatatatcgaactgcaaaattaggttcatttggtgaaattggcggttctctttctcatacttatcgaacaagacctactccgaatgctgatgaaagtagaattcatttaaatgaacattctttagaaacatacaattcatgtttttttgctcttaaaaatgcgattccagaaaaaagacgttctaatgctgttttatgtattgagcatttaatcactgcatcaccagactgggagggatgggggactaaaaaagaagaggatttttttaagaagtctttagagtttttaaataaaaaatacggtaaagaaaatgttgttgcttgttcaattcatcgagatgaaacgacaccacacttgattgtttatgttataccaatagatgaaaaaggcgggttaaatgcgaaaaaatggcttgggggtagaagtaaattaagtcaaacacagactgaatttgcgaatgaagttaagagtttggggcttgaaagaggattagaaaactcaaaagctcgacataaaacaattcagaaatattacagcgaaggtaaaaaaccgactcccaaactagaagaaataaaatatgaaattgagccgattaattatgatttgattccgaaaatggggtttcttgaaacgacttcaagctttaataaaaaattggagcagagttataaagatgttcactttaaatatgaaaatcagttgcttagtttgcaggaagatcatcgtgaacgcctacaaaaaactgtagatatctatgagagtaagctgcttgattcacgacttagaattgaaaaattgagtaatgaaaatcagagattaaaagctgataaaaagctgatcacaaaagactttgagaaaaaaatagaacttttagagaaagagaaaaatgaaattgctaacgataagttaatgagcttaagagaatttgacagtttttcgcagcttaaaaaaaattga
>gene_14303|Replication protein
atgaaacgaacaaacaaaatgcccgcttcaatcctacacactaattatagcataccatatgcaaaaagtcaagggggatttgtgtccgttaaaacggacagtgaaaaaaacacaaaagaagcggtattacaaaagctcgctgtttataagaataatcagcaaaaggtcatagacatattaatgacaataccgaatgagagcgaaagagctttccgcttgtcggaatgtggaacgtacattgagatacaaacttgcaaatgctgtggagcacatataaccgctgcgaacttctgccgtgagagggtttgccccgtctgcgcttggaggagacaaagcaaataccgtgcagagttttccaaaatggctgactttctccaattagagccgaaaaacctgcgccatttaacattaaccataagaaatgttgaagcggtagaccttggtgagacgttgaatcaaatgtttttggcttggaatctattaaccaaatatgcagatttcaaaaaagccgtacaagggtacagcagatgtttggaaattacatacaacagcgaaaaagggacatatcatccgcatttccattgtttgttacacaaaaagagcaatatatcactaaaaaccttttcttcactttggaaaaggtcactaagggtaaaatatatacccgaaaccaacatttcacaaatcaccaatgagataggaattctcgaatgtttcaaatatgcatttaaaccaaaagatacatcggtggaattattagaagcatttttgtacacaatcaagggcagacgtttagtaggttttggcggaacattcaaaaaagcacgtgcaatactcaaccaacaagataactctacactaacagatagcgggtgtatttacggcaggaacacaaacgcagatgtattaacggagatataccgtttcgattactcgggcggaatataccgagcctttaaaccgctttaa
>gene_21576|Replication initiation protein
atgaaaaaagaagatttagtagtcaaaaaggacaactggcttgtccagaaaacccttaaccggttcacgaagcaacagaaccgcctcatggccctgctgattgggcgatacgtgaatctggaggacaacaaggtggtcgacacaagcgtgtcgatcgacgagttcagaaaggcgctgggaatcggcgacggagggaacgtgtatgcccgtctaaaacgggctgtcatcgagttcggagcatccagctctgtgtgcttcgagtcggttgatgagcagggaaaaccggagctgagatggctcccgtatttcactgagataacgctgaagaaaaacgtggtgagcttcaaatggcacccggacatggtgccccacctgacaaacttgaagaagaactacatgcagtatctggccagtgattatctcaagctgaagtcccagcattcgcagaatctgtatgagctgttgaagtcggtcgagagctatgaaaaggcgtatcgcaagcctccatgcttctcgcttgccgggctgaggaaacagctgaacgtcggcaccaagtacaagaaggaccatgacttcctgtcccggtgcattgcaagggccgttaaggaaatcaacgagaagacggacatcattgtgcagactaagcctgtcaccggcgacaacggcagaacacctgtcgctgtcgagttctacatccggaggagggagtggaacgccaccaaggcagagcgtgaaaagatggaggcaataatcgaggccggagggatgccggggtggtacagcgatactgggcatgcgattgacccgaccaagcccgaggatcaggcgctgctgcaaaaggcgctcgaccagcagaaaggcctcaagcctgccgacgggccggacgggtcaatcatcgaattcgacgatttggagacggacacgggaacgaagtaccagcagggcaaactgccgttagacgacaaatga
>gene_34560|Replication protein
ggtgagtttgagaagtgggcgcaccggatgcacgactgcaccggcctgctgcgcttcgcagagctggccgacacgacaaccggcgagatcagcctaaaattacgttatgcggagttctgccacgccagacactgccccatgtgccagaagcggagagagatcgtgtatcggagtcggttccttgaatttctgcctcagacgctctcagagcatcccaaagcccgctgggtattcctcacgctgacaatccctaatgtgcccgtagaatcgctcagagacgcactgaagggcatgaatgcggcatggaacaggtttactcagcggaaggagtttaagcccgtgacgggctggatacgcacgacagaggtgacacgggaggccaagcgcaagggctacgcgcatccgcacttccactgcctgctgatggttccgccgtcgttcttcaaagtgaattacaccaaacaatcgcgctgggcagagatctggggcgagtgtatgcgcctcgacgtggtgccgtccgtggatgttcgggcggtgaagggcggcgtcgataaggcgatccttgagacggtgaagacgttcacgtactccgtgaagcccgaaacgctggaagctgaccaggagtggacgctcgaatattttcgccaggttcacaaactgcgtttcatcgctgccggtggtgcgctgaaagatgctatccgcagcatcgacagcgtgaccgatgaggatatgatttacaccgacgataaccccaagccggaagcacccgaaaaggagctgcgtcagttggggtattcatggcgacggcacgagttgaagtaccgaagattcagcaaggccgacagaccagccggtgaataa
>gene_37755|Replication initiation protein
gatttccaaccccaagagcctgctctgtccgattacagccccaaagatgccaaatgggacgaactgcgcgcgagtaccgaacgggtgagccagttcctgtaccgtgcgggtgagttcgagaagtgggcgcatcggatgcacgactgcaccggcctgctgcgtttcgcagagcttgccgacacgacaaccggtgaaatcagcctaaaattacgttatgcggagttctgccacgccagacactgccccatgtgccagaagcggagggagattgtgtatcgtagccggttccttgaatttttgcctcagacgctctcagggcatcccaaagcccgctgggtattcctcacgctgacaatccccaatgtgctcgtagaatcgctcagagacgctctgaagggcatgaacgcggcatggaacaggtttactcagcggaaggagttcaagcccgtcacgggctggatacgcacaacagaggtgacacgggaggctaagcgcaaaggctacgcgcatccgcacttccactgcctactgatggtgccgccgtcgttcttcaaggtgaattacaccaagcaatcgcgctgggcggaaatttggggcgagtgtatgcgcctcgatgtcgtgccgtccgtagatattcgggcggtgaagggcggtgtcgataaggcgatccttgagacggtgaaaaccttcacgtactccgtgaagcccgagacgctggaagctgaccaggagtggacgctcgaatattttcgccaggttcacaagctgcgtttcatcgcggccggtggtgcgctgaaagatgcgatccgcagcatcgacagcgtgactgacgaggacatgatttataccgacgacaatcccaaaccggaagaacccgagaaggagctgcgccagttgggatattcatggcgccggcatgagttgaagtatcgaagattcatcaaggctgatagaccagccgatgaataa
>gene_28372|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggtcaaaactcatattgatactagaaaggagttgatttgtatgagatacactgtatctttccacaacggaactaaattcagtcaaaaacataataggcgtgacctgactgtagtaaaaaaacaaaaacacatcaacttagaaaaggagcatctaacttttattgattatgattacgagaaagcgtttaaagagctttttgaaccatcattaaaccaatacaatgaaaaaatcaaaacaaagcatcctgaacgcgttaaaacgattgatgagtattttaataagctagatacaaatttaaaagaaaatgagcgtgctatgaaaccttgctatgaatgtatctttgctattggaaacaaagatgctcatccagatgtacgtctttgtcgagatgctatgattgattttatcgaagaatggggtcagagaaatccaaatttaaaaatttgtggcgcatacatgcatttcgatgaagaaggaaccccgcatacacatattgattatattccggtagctcattgttccagaggcatgagcttgcagccaaatcgagaaaaagcattaaacgaacaaggtttttattcaacaaaaatgacagatacggctttaattcagtgggaacgttctgaacgaaatcgattaagagaaatctgtatcgattatgggctagaactagaagaacaaaaaacacaaaaaaaagagcgtcaggaacgactagatgtacttgcttataagacacaacaagaaacagaaaggcttaataaaacaagtatgcagctggagcaggtaaatgaacagataaatgagtgtagagagtacatgttagaacttgctgaaattagccagaccgaagaatatcagctttgggaaaagtattacgtagaacaagaagaactgcgtaaaaaagcaaaaaataaaggattaggcagcttgagtcttgatgagttggaacgatatgatggacgataa
>gene_14196|Replication protein (Fragment)
actagcacggagaagaaaaagcaacatcagggtattaaccaaggctttcgtgtgatcggcagccatacaaaaggggatgcgccagagaagattgtacgtgcgttccgggtgaacgagcatccgtttacggtttcccaactttgcgaatatgtgccaccggagcatcatgtggatcagctgcagctctggaaagagtcgaagtacacgctggaagaagcaaagaagcggtttccggactggtatgagaaggttgtggtgcgcaaagaccgccggccggaacggtggcgcattgaagaaaaagtaaacggggataatccgtatgccttgtatgactggtggattcgtaaaatttggtctggcgcgtcagtaggacatcggtattttgcgattatgtgcctggccatttacgctgccaaatgtaatgtgccctatgaaaagctggaggaagatgcttatgcgctggttccgtttctgaatagtatgagtgatgacgatccctttacggcagcagatgttgaagtggcgctagagtgctacgatttacggtattgcacgttcccggttcgggatatggagaaaatcagtggaattgtaatcgagcgtaataagagaaataaaagaaagagagctctacacttaaagttagcaagagggcagttggcaattcttaaagaaataggagaagcttcaccaggtaggccagaaggttcagggacagcgcagcgcaaggtgctcgcttggcgtgagttgcatccagacggacgaaaagcagattgccatagagacacaggtttagatccgaagacaatacggaagtggtgggattctgctctgcaggagcaggaaccgcgaaaattctatagctatgtaccaggtggggtggaggagtatgatccggaaaaagatttatcgttccggcggccggcagtgccaaactcaaaaaagcataaaccaccctataacgtataa
>gene_37301|tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaacaggtttcaacaacacaatttacacaagccagtttaacaaaaaaagaaagtaaagtcaatgaggtggacagcgggatgatgattaaagagtgcatatctgattttttaattgaacagcagattaaaggaaattctcccgcaactgtgaaaagttatgcccgctgtcttagcttctttgaacggtttcaagctcaaaaaagctcaaatattgcctgtgtgaccgtttcagactgtaaagcatattatttatatcttttgcaccgtgatatatcttccgtgaccatacagacatatattagggctttgagagtgtttttatcttggtgctattctgagggctacataaacgaaaatattcctgagcgttttaaacttccaaaggcgcagcgaaaaaagatagatgtccttaccgattcagaaattgaacggctttttgcgtgtcttaaaggtcgggatttttattccgttcgtaactattgcattgttgccttaatgcttgatagcggtttgagattgaatgaggttgtaactctcagacgagataaaatccacattgcagagggctatgccatagttaacggaaaaggcaataaagaacgcttcgttcctctcggattgaacagcaaaagagccttactgagatactgctccattgtttccacaacgaacatcgagacacctttattcgtaaaagacaccttgattcccataaatcagagcaccgtaaaacagcttttcaggcgtttgaaagtgcaggctgatatccctcggctgcaccctcatttgttgcgccattcctttgctacacggtacttggagaacggcggggacatttacagcttgcaactgattctcggtcatacctcgcttgaaatggtcaaaaagtatgtgcacttgattccctcaaaaacggtagttaattttgcttttctctcgcccttggataacgctctcaaaaaatga
>gene_53932|tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaacaggtttcaacaacacaatttacacaagccagtttaacaaaaaaagaaagtaaagtcaatgaggtggacagcgggatgatgattaaagagtgcatatctgattttttaattgaacagcagattaaaggaaattctcccgcaactgtgaaaagttatgcccgctgtcttagcttctttgaacggtttcaagctcaaaaaagctcaaatattgcctgtgtgaccgtttcagactgtaaagcatattatttatatcttttgcaccgtgatatatcttccgtgaccatacagacatatattagggctttgagagtgtttttatcttggtgctattctgagggctacataaacgaaaatattcctgagcgttttaaacttccaaaggcgcagcgaaaaaagatagatgtccttaccgattcagaaattgaacggctttttgcgtgtcttaaaggtcgggatttttattccgttcgtaactattgcattgttgccttaatgcttgatagcggtttgagattgaatgaggttgtaactctcagacgagataaaatccacattgcagagggctatgccatagttaacggaaaaggcaataaagaacgcttcgttcctctcggattgaacagcaaaagagccttactgagatactgctccattgtttccacaacgaacatcgagacacctttattcgtaaaagacaccttgattcccataaatcagagcaccgtaaaacagcttttcaggcgtttgaaagtgcaggctgatatccctcggctgcaccctcatttgttgcgccattcctttgctacacggtacttggagaacggcggggacatttacagcttgcaactgattctcggtcatacctcgcttgaaatggtcaaaaagtatgtgcacttgattccctcaaaaacggtagttaattttgcttttctctcgcccttggataacgctctcaaaaaatga
>gene_36872|tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaacaggtttcaacaacacaatttacacaagccagtttaacaaaaaaagaaagtaaagtcaatgaggtggacagcgggatgatgattaaagagtgcatatctgattttttaattgaacagcagattaaaggaaattctcccgcaactgtgaaaagttatgcccgctgtcttagcttctttgaacggtttcaagctcaaaaaagctcaaatattgcctgtgtgaccgtttcagactgtaaagcatattatttatatcttttgcaccgtgatatatcttccgtgaccatacagacatatattagggctttgagagtgtttttatcttggtgctattctgagggctacataaacgaaaatattcctgagcgttttaaacttccaaaggcgcagcgaaaaaagatagatgtccttaccgattcagaaattgaacggctttttgcgtgtcttaaaggtcgggatttttattccgttcgtaactattgcattgttgccttaatgcttgatagcggtttgagattgaatgaggttgtaactctcagacgagataaaatccacattgcagagggctatgccatagttaacggaaaaggcaataaagaacgcttcgttcctctcggattgaacagcaaaagagccttactgagatactgctccattgtttccacaacgaacatcgagacacctttattcgtaaaagacaccttgattcccataaatcagagcaccgtaaaacagcttttcaggcgtttgaaagtgcaggctgatatccctcggctgcaccctcatttgttgcgccattcctttgctacacggtacttggagaacggcggggacatttacagcttgcaactgattctcggtcatacctcgcttgaaatggtcaaaaagtatgtgcacttgattccctcaaaaacggtagttaattttgcttttctctcgcccttggataacgctctcaaaaaatga
>gene_44806|Site-specific recombinase, phage integrase family
gtgccccaatacggcgctacgaccgttaccggtggcggcgattattaccgcaccagaataagagatgatgacggaaaccgtattactctatacggaaaaactcgagaggaattacacgaaaagctgactgaaactcagcaacaacttgaaaatcattcctttcggcgatcttcccctacggttcaagaatactgcgaaaagtggcttcttatgcagtctgctcacgtccgtgcaacgaccttgatcgattataaatccaaggtcaaaaaacatatcattgagccacttggcagtttatacatggccgatgttactgaggataatgtgcgcatggcgatgcttacagccgcagacaaatctgcttctgtttataaatccgtcaccgttcttttcaagtgcattttcaaatcggcaaaagatagtcacatcattgatgacaatcctaccgtgtacctcactgccaaaggcggcggcatcccgcagcaagataaaatacccttgacggatgaacaggtatgtgtgcttcttgataccgtcaaaggccttcccccttatgtctttgtgatgattggcatatataccggccttcgcagggaagaaatactggctctgcaatgggattcagtattccttgattgtgaagcaccgtatcttacagtgcgacgcgcatggcatacggaaaacaatcgtccaattatcatgaccgagcttaagacaaaagcggcacaccgtgatgtcccgcttcctgattgcttggtcgagtgcctgcgtgaagcaaaaaaggagtctcaatcgcaatatgtaatctcaaatgcagacggaaatcccctttcgtacacgcagtttaagcggttatggcaatatatcgtcacaagaacagcaaaagagcgtacttactattcccgaagaaatcgatgccccgtgaacgaacaaggaatgaggttgaataataaatggaaaaactgttga
>gene_34074|Plasmid replication protein
ttgcgtaacgccgcactcgaactttttaacgatagacttccccttaaaccgtatttcacggacgagctgcaatacggacttcgtatcgcaggaaaagagcgggcgcttcttgccagatatatccagtttaaccagcctcacgccatgtactggctatgcttcgacgttgatcgtgccggtgctaccatcgactggagtgaccgtaacgcccccgcacctacgttgaccatcaccaatccggaaaacggacatgcacacctgctgtacgctctggaaacctcgatacgtacagcgccggacggcagaatgaaacctctgaagtacgcggcggccgtggaaaacgcactgcgtaaaaaactggatgctgatgctgggtattcgggattaatctgcaaaaatcctaaccacggtcactggaaaatagccgtgtggcagccggagctttacacgctggactggctggctgattcgctcaatctgaacgccgcgaacgataaagaaatcgtcgccgactacggtttaggccgtaattgcaccctgttcgataaaactcgcaagtgggcataccgtgccattcgtcagggctggcctgagtatgaacaatggttcaatgcctgctacgaacgtgctagtgcgtacaatcgccaattcgtctcaccactcgatgaaaacgaagttaaaggaattgccaaaagtattgctaagtggactcagtctaattttgatgaagtatctttcaatgaatatgtctgccgaacacacactcccacaatccagtcgaaaagaggacgaattggcgggaaagttagtcgtggaggggggcgacgtcgaatcagcactgaagatgaaaaagcgataattattctttttttaaagaaaaacagtatgcgagatatatcagaaaaactgaatatatccatttctactgttcataaatatataaaaaatagcgaggtgagaaatgggtaa
>gene_26682|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein and truncated derivatives
atgaatattatagcacaagatggcggcattgtcaacatctttgcggcggcttctcccgccgcccccgcgtggctgtccgagtctcgcgcaggaaagaccgccgccaggtggacggaaaaaaaacaggatgccaagcgcatggcggaaaaactgcggaaaattggcgaatatcgccgtgcagatcgcatgactcaatgcgcggagatcctgtcaggtgagcggtgcgtggagtgtggacatatccacatttcccgcacccagctatgcagagatcgggtttgtcccgtctgcacttggagcttgagtatgaaaagattttccaatatggcgcagattatggacgcactgcgcaacgcataccctggggcgcattggcagtttgtcacgctgacggcaaaaaactgcacccccacttccctcggcgcgacaatcgacgagatgtcccgcgcatggaattgtatcgcgtcccgcaagacctttaagcggtcaatcgtaggttgggcgcgagcgttggagatcacctataacgccaaatcgcggacactgcacccacactaccatatgctgttaatgtggcgggagggtgcaacaccctcagagacctatcttacgggcgagtggtgcgccgctacacacttggttacatcccccaaggctcaaaacagtcagatgataagaccacgcgcagacacctggaacagcacagaggatcccattacagacgccgtactggaaacatacaagtatagcgttaaatcgtccgatctccaggaaatgccgctcagtgtgttccgtgcggcggtggatgcgctcaaaggtcgccgcctggtcgcgttcggcggcatggtcaaagactatgccagaatgatgcaactggaggacatggacacgcccgacgaggacgacgaccaaacccccgaaagcctttccaggtgcacaaagtgcgacggtgaggtaatccgcata
>gene_14671|Replication protein
ttaactttgacaattcagaatgtatacggtgattcgctttctgaagcacttgatgatattatgctggcttttaatcgcatgagtaagtataaagagtttaagcaagctgtaaaaggctggtatcgtggctgtgaagtgacacataatttaaatccggattctgaatggttcgacacattccaccctcattttcatattattttagctgtcagaaaatcttatttcaagggacgttattatataaagcaagaaaaatactttgatatgtgggaaaaggcactgcagtga
>gene_14663|Protein rep
atgaattcgactatttgtcaagtggaaactgttgaagtattgcaggataaatctgctacaggaaaagttagaccgtgggcacttcacaaggcaaacgctcagataatagctgaagcgtacgcttcggtagaccttgaaaaggcagaacgtatgttttcttgtgcagattatcttgtatatcataagaaagagggtggcggtatgaaactacatgatgcgcgattttgccgtgttaggctttgtcctatttgtcaatggcgaagaagtttgaaaacttatgcacaaatggcaaaagtgcttgaggtagcacgttctgaggggtatgagttcctt
>gene_30390|Protein rep
atgaattcgactatttgtcaagtggaaactgttgaagtattgcaggataaatctgctacaggaaaagttagaccgtgggcacttcacaaggcaaacgctcagataatagctgaagcgtacgcttcggtagaccttgaaaaggcagaacgtatgttttcttgtgcagattatcttgtatatcataagaaagagggtggcggtatgaaactacatgatgcgcgattttgccgtgttaggctttgtcctatttgtcaatggcgaagaagtttgaaaacttatgcacaaatggcaaaagtgcttgaggtagcacgttctgaggggtatgagttccttatgttaactttgacaattcagaatgtatacggtgattcgctttctgaagcacttgatgatattatgctggcttttaatcgcatgagtaagtataaagagtttaagcaagctgtaaaaggctggtatcgtggctgtgaagtgacacataatttaaatccggattctgaatggttcgacacattccaccctcattttcatattattttagctgtcagaaaatcttatttcaagggacgttattatataaagcaagaaaaatactttgatatgtgggaaaaggcactgcagggaaaacataaagttaaccgtgagaatcagagaattaataagtgttacggtggttataagtcgattgctgaagcttgcaagtatacgacaaaggcaaatgatattatttgtaccgacaactggcaaatgactgttgatacattggcaattcttgacaccgctctaaataagcgtagatttataggacttggcggtgttttgaaagagatacacaagaaacttaatctttctgatattgatgatgattcagatttgatacatactgatgatgataccgacacggaagaattaaatccggatgaacttgtgttttactggaatggttataaccaaagatatgaaagataa
>gene_28347|Replication protein
atgccctcaaaagaaacacaaataaataataacatagtttttagtgagtgtcaagagaaaaacacaccacagttttacgaagagcttcaaaaaagccacaagaaaaacaaaaaacaattgcaccaattagcgcttagtaatgaccaaattgaaaaggcaggaaggataatatcttgcactaatttccttacatatgagctgattaatcaagagtttataaggctcaaaagaataaatctatgtagagaacgtttatgtttgaattgtcaattagtcaattcacgtaatttaattaaacaattattttggagcattcccaggttaacgatcaagaatgatgagcgactttattttttaactttgacaacaaataattgttctgcagataacttaaaagatttaattcagcatatgtgcaaaaggcaagtagcatttttccgccattatggcataacagattacttcagaagtgttgaaataacatacaaccaggacgaaggaacgtatcatccgcacttgcatataattttccttgtcagtaaatatagcaagtttccattttacaatcctgcacagggtatttacggtgcaaatcagttacaaaaagagtggcacggatggctaacgaatacaaatgacggatataaaatggctacggtgtacgaaataaaggacactaaaactatatttgaactatgcaaatacattacaaaggttaaagacctggaaaacttcgaagtattaaaagtattaaatgaacaattaaaaggcttgcgcctgaaaactcctgcaggacaatttaaaactcttgcaaaagcttataagcaagagtgtatgtctattaaattgcaagagctacagtttttagaagaggctgaaatccaacttataaatatgttatacaatcctaaaaagaaaaaatacgaagttaaagccatacagggcaaaaacataatttacagaatgtaa
>gene_12818|Rep protein
ttggatttgaaagtagagcgtctatctgatgcacagatggagcctgttccgtgggcatatgccaaagttacagagatgggcaatgttattgaagtttctgcaatggacaagtacccgcatacaccaccgatacggaagataaacaaagacctttactttgatttgcgcactggtgatgtgcatgagtttaagcacatggaaactcgcgcagatgatgcaaagggagttcggcagacgttggcgcgtgttcgtgccctcataaactgcaacgtgacaattccgcagaattgccgctggttgacgtttacatacaaagacaatatgaccgacacaaagcagttgtataaggattgggacacgttccgtaaacgcttcggcagatggtgcgtgcagaacagcgttgacaagccggagtacatcgcagttgttgagccgcaaggccgtggcgcgtggcatttgcacgttttctttatctggcaacatcctgcgccgtttttggacaacaacaccgttatagcgcctttgtgggggcatggctttacgaaaactaaggccgtcagtaactgcgataatgtgggtgcgtatttctccgcgtatctcggagatatgccgctggatgagtttaacgcgctggacgctgatgagatgtcggacagcgttcaggttatttcaaagactgctacggatgcagatggaaagactatcacgaagaaaattgtaaaaggtggtcgtctgaagctgtatccgtccggtatgaacgtcatacgg
>gene_54414|Rep protein
ttggatttgaaagtagagcgtctatctgatgcacagatggagcctgttccgtgggcatatgccaaagttacagagatgggcaatgttattgaagtttctgcaatggacaagtacccgcatacaccaccgatacggaagataaacaaagacctttactttgatttgcgcactggtgatgtgcatgagtttaagcacatggaaactcgcgcagatgatgcaaagggagttcggcagacgttggcgcgtgttcgtgccctcataaactgcaacgtgacaattccgcagaattgccgctggttgacgtttacatacaaagacaatatgaccgacacaaagcagttgtataaggattgggacacgttccgtaaacgcttcggcagatggtgcgtgcagaacagcgttgacaagccggagtacatcgcagttgttgagccgcaaggccgtggcgcgtggcatttgcacgttttctttatctggcaacatcctgcgccgtttttggacaacaacaccgttatagcgcctttgtgggggcatggctttacgaaaactaaggccgtcagtaactgcgataatgtgggtgcgtatttctccgcgtatctcggagatatgccgctggatgagtttaacgagctggacgctgatgagatgtcggacagcgttcaggttatttcaaagactgctacggatgcagatggaaagactatcacgaagaaaattgtaaaaggtggtcgtctgaagctgtatccgtccggtatgaacgtcatacggtattctaagggtataaaaaagcctgttgtagaaaagacagtttacgaagaggcacaaaaaaaagtccacgcctatgcgcagacttttcaagttggttacgatttacagtcggctgatggtaccagcatcaaccgaatctacaagaagtattataacaaagtccgtaagccggcgcaagaccagaagccgaacaaatga
>gene_4549|Rep protein
cgcactggtgatgtgcatgagtttaagcacatggaaactcgcgcagatgatgcaaagggagttcggcagacgttggcgcgtgttcgtgccctcataaactgcaacgtgacaattccgcagaattgccgctggttgacgtttacatacaaagacaatatgaccgacacaaagcagttgtataaggattgggacacgttccgtaaacgcttcggcagatggtgcgtgcagaacagcgttgacaagccggagtacatcgcagttgttgagccgcaaggccgtggcgcgtggcatttgcacgttttctttatctggcaacatcctgcgccgtttttggacaacaacaccgttatagcgcctttgtgggggcatggctttacgaaaactaaggccgtcagtaactgcgataatgtgggtgcgtatttctccgcgtatctcggagatatgccgctggatgagtttaacgcgctggacgctgatgagatgtcggacagcgttcaggttatttcaaagactgctacggatgcagatggaaagactatcacgaagaaaattgtaaaaggtggtcgtctgaagctgtatccgtccggtatgaacgtcatacggtattctaagggtataaaaaagcctgttgtagaaaagacagtttacgaagaggcacaaaaaaaagtccacgcctatgcgcagacttttcaagttggttacgatttacagtcggctgatggtaccagcatcaaccgaatctacaagaagtattataacaaagtccgtaagccggcgcaagaccagaagccgaacaaatga
>gene_34076|Replication protein
ggcagcgcacatccgcattttcactgtctgctgatggtgcaaccttcttggtttaaagggaagaactacgttaagcacgaacgttgggtagaactctggcgcgattgcttgcgggtgaactatgagccgaatatcgatattcgggcagtaaaaactaagacaggtgaggttgtggccaacgttgccgagcaactgcaaagcgcggttgctgaaacgctgaaatactccgttaaaccggaagatatggcaaacgatcctgagtggtttcttgagctgacgcggcagcttcacaagcgccgttttatctcgaccggtggggcgctaaaaaacgtcctccagttggatcgagaaaccaatgaggatcttgtcattgccgacgatgtaggggatggcactgatgacgggaagcggacggcgtttgtctgggattcaggtaaacggcgttacaaacgcgcccctgagaaggataaatcggattaa
>gene_21451|Replication protein VP4
atgtcttgttattttcctttgcctcatttgcgtatttataatttgagttctggtgagttatcaggtaattttgtctatcgttatactcctgattatcatgataggcttgcatctggaaagttgccgagagaagttaaacaaggtaatttattatatcagtatggagaggttagatgcggtcattgtataggctgtcgtttagaaacatcccgctcatgggctatacgctgtatgcatgaagcatctttacatgaaaaaaatgcttttcttacgcttacatttgatgatgttcatcttccagcagatggttctcttaatgttaaacatcttcaggatttttggaagaggttacgtaaatctatttatccggcaaagattcgttattatgcttgcggtgagtatggtagtcttttaaatcgtcctcattatcatgcttgtgtttttgattattggccggaagatgctcaattatggtctattcgttctggtcagaagttatatgtagctccttccttggctaagttgtggccttttggttatcatactattggtgaggttacttttgagagtgctgcttatgttgcccggtatattactaaaaaaataactggtgatttagcagagtatcattatgatggtctgcatccggagttttgtgtcgcttctaataaacctggtattgctcatgattggattgttaaatatcatactgatgtttatggagatggctgcacgattcctgatgttgtggttataagagataaatttaaagttaagccgcctaggtattatgataaaatctatgatgctgaacttaattatgatttacaatatttgaaaaatatgcgtgctgatttggcttctaaatgtgatgttccctcttcatctagacttgctgatatcgctcattgtcgtgaactttcattaaaacaaagattaaaacgtagatttgaaaataaagaatga
>gene_55443|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein
atggatcccctttacttagatcataccacaggcgaagtctattgtcaagcagaaattgagcttgacgatggcagacgagcatggaaggagcgtaaaatgcagtcgttgagaattgcccggtttatgcggtattatgatgttccgcgttctcggaatattgagggctgcggtacttatctggaattcgcggttgcgccggatggaaagcgtttgcatcacgcaaatttctgccgcgaaagaatgtgcccgatgtgccagtggcgacgttcgatcaaactccgcgttcaggcagacaagatctactcggtggaatccgcgcggggatatcagcacatctttgtaacgctgaccatgcggaatatgcctggttcgcagctgtcaccggcgctcgatcagatgtgtgcagcgtttgccaagtggacgcgtcataaatcgtttaaggcggctttcgtcgggtattatcgcgcgatcgaggtcacatataacgccgagcggaacgattatcacccgcatttgcacgtcatgctgaccgtgccggacgaatatttccgcccggacaaccccgattactggacgcatgaccggatcatgatggtttggcgtcagctgttgcggctggattataacccgaccgtacatgtggaaggcgtacacccgaaggaaggacagaccatcacatctgcctgcgtcgaactgtgtaagtatccgacaaaggcggcggagattcccaacggggttgtattgcaggtgattgattacgcccttcggaaccgtcgtctgatccagtggggcggtctgactgcggagatccggcgacaacttgccatggatgatgtcgaagacggcaacctgatccacgcggacgaagcgaccgccgacggagtcgatctccagacggttgtgttcatctggaggtatggattttactgcccgatggatttgaaattattaaaggatgttaaataa
>gene_43680|Replication initiator protein Rep
atggatatgataccagaaatcgaggacgcacgcaaggtcgaaagctgggcaatgcgtaggaagtacacgcagcccgtcgcctccatgcttgcggcaatcggagaaaaagggagagcaaacagaatgctggagtgcagcactcaaatcatggtacgccgctgcccgcaatgcggcggtatgcacatcacaggcggcaacctctgccgcgacagactgtgtcccgtatgctcctggcgcgtgagcgcaaagaggtatgcggaaatgcagcaagtaatggacaaacttttccgcgaaggccgccttgatggcctccatgtgggtatgctgaccctcacagttgaaaactgcaagccctccaagctgcgtgcaaccatcgaccttatgcttgaaggtttcaagcggttccagcagcggcgcggcatccgtaaggtagtcgttgggtgggcccgtactctcgaaatcacctacaatcagcaaagccgtaccttccatcctcacatacacgccttcctgctgtggcgggggcccataggggaggcatggacatgggcaaaagtggccaaggaatgggaaagcgcctgtaggctggactataagccaatttgggactatcgggacgcttattcttcatcgggagccactagctgggacgcaatcatggatgccgtgcaggagtgcgcgaagtatgtgaccaagccgagcgacatcgtcaaaatggccgaagatgggcccatggcctccatgccgcttgcggatttcagatgcctagtatctgccatcaaagggcggcggctggccggttacggcctggcaatagcggaagcgcgccgtgaactcgaaatggcagaggaagaaaccccggacgaagaaacaaagctcaactgcccggagtgtggcgtgcctatggccgagacgctgatgacatggagcggcatagcgggaaagtatctgccgtccgccgtgtaa
>gene_43533|Replication initiator protein Rep
atgcaggaagtaatggacaaactgttccgcgaaggccgccttgatggcctccatgtgggtatgctgaccctcacagttgagaactgcaagccctccaagctgcgtgcaaccatcgacttgatgctggaaggtttcaagcggttccagcaacgtcgcggaatccgcaaagtaatcgttgggtgggcccgtacccttgaaatcacctataaccagcaaagccgcacattccacccccacatccacgcctttcttctgtggcgcgagcctataggggaggcatggacatgggccaaggtggcaaaagaatgggaaagcgcctgtaggctggactataagccaatatgggactatcgggacgcttattcatcatcgggagccactagctgggacgcaatcatggaagccgtgcaggagtgcgcaaagtatgtaacgaagcccagcgacatcgtcaaaatgggcgaagatgggcccatggcctccatgccgcttgcggatttcagatgcctagtatcagccatcaaagggcggcggctggccgggtacggcctggcaatagcggaagctcggcgagagctcgaaatggcagaggaggaaaccccggacgaagaaacaaagctgaactgcccggagtgtggcgtgcccatggccgaaacgctgatgacatggagcggcatagcgggaaagtatctgccatccgccgtgtaa
>gene_2733|Replication protein
ttgttacaagcacagtataacacagaaaaagcggaatgtcaagagcagccgcgagaaatacttcatgatgtgagcggcagcggcaaagaacgaccctggcacgtccgaaagcttgaaaatcagtatataagcgcagcttattgcgaggtcaacaaagaaaaggcggtacgcctggatagctgcgcccaggcacttctattcgggcgagctgaaagcggaaaattaaagctgctgcaagctggattttgccgcgtgcggctctgtcctatatgcgcctggcgtcgcagcatgaaaacgcatgcacacatggcaaaaatcctcgatgcagcaaaaccagagaattacagttatcagatggtcaccttgacgctgcgtaattgcagcggcgaggagttgagcgcgaccctggacaagcttataagcggttttcataggctagttcgtagaaaggcttttatagcagcctggaaaggctggtatcgcggcgtagaggtcacccacaaccagacagacgacacttatcaccctcatatacatgctttgattgccgtcaaaaagagctattacaagagtaaggcatacataagccaggcagcactcacccaggcatggcgcgaatgctgtaatctcgagtacgttccgattgtccatatgcaaaaaacctatggaaacacggtaaaagcagtgtctgaggtcgcaaaatatagcacaaaaactagtgacattgtgtgttttgacgactgggattttaccatagaaacgctgcgcaccctggacgcagctttcgaccgtaggcgctttatagcctacggcggcaagtttaaggagctgcacaagcatcttaatctggacgataccgaaaatggcgaccttgttcatgtagatgatgaggatatgaacgacgagaaaacagctgatgagctgcttttctggtggcatgtcggttatgctcggtacgtaagataa
>gene_38053|Truncated replication protein
atggtgtttgatatgagtgatgactactcgcagccgacgcttgagttggcgcgcacgttcgagggctggtacctgccccagcgtcccatgtgctgcgatgatgactactccgcactgacgcggaggtcgcgggccgacgcgctcaggtacaagcacatcgagacgaacccgagcgctttggtgaacacg
>gene_37612|Probable plasmid replication protein
atggtgtttgatatgagtgatgactactcgcagccgacgcttgagttggcgcgcacgttcgagggctggtacctgccccagcgtcccatgtgctgcgatgatgactactccgcactgacgcggaggtcgcgggccgacgcgctcaggtacaagcacatcgagacgaacccgagcgctttggtgaacacgatcgtcgtggacatcgatgacgatcagggccgcgccgtggccttgtgggagcacgagggcatgcgtccgaacttcatcgcggagaaccccgtcaacgggcacgcgcacgcgggctgggtgctgacctaccccgtggcccgcaccgagatggcccgcatcaagccgctcaagctcctgcacgccgccacggaggggctgcgacgctcctgcaacggagacgagggatattcgggactgctgatgaagaaccccgagcatcccgcctgggaatcggacatcatcgagcacgacacctacgacctggatcagctcgtcgcggcgctcgaccagcacggagacatgccgcccaagtcgtggaggcgcaccaaacgggcgcgaacaatcggactggggcgcaactgcaccgtgttcgacacggcacgcaccgacgcataccgcttcgtgcgccgcctaccagaccgcacacccgaaagctccgagcgcttgcgcgagttcacacgccgcacatgccacgaaatcaacgcgacgttcgcggatccgctgccgacgcgcgaggtcaacgacatagcaaaatcaatccacaaatggacagtgacgaggttcgatgggtggttggacggagccgctgtgtgcgctgcgacgttcaccgcgatacaagcggcacgagggcacaagggtggtatccagtccggatcttcacggcggacaagttcgatacgaagccaatacgagcgttatctggaggaggagagcaatgccgacgaagcaggagattaa
>gene_38057|Putative replicase
gtggacatcgatgacgatcagggccgcgccgtggccttgtgggagcacgagggcatgcgtccgaacttcatcgcggagaaccccgtcaacgggcacgcgcacgcgggctgggtgctgacctaccccgtggcccgcaccgagatggcccgcatcaagccgctcaagctcctgcacgccgccacggaggggctgcgacgctcctgcaacggagacgagggatattcgggactgctgatgaagaaccccgagcatcccgcctgggaatcggacatcatcgagcacgacacctacgacctggatcagctcgtcgcggcgctcgaccagcacggagacatgccgcccaagtcgtggaggcgcaccaaacgggcgcgaacaatcggactggggcgcaactgcaccgtgttcgacacggcacgcaccgacgcataccgcttcgtgcgccgcctaccagaccgcacacccgaaagctccgagcgcttgcgcgagttcacacgccgcacatgccacgaaatcaacgcgacgttcgcggatccgctgccgacgcgcgaggtcaacgacatagcaaaatcaatccacaaatggacagtgacgaggttcgatgggtggttggacggagccgctgtgtgcgctgcgacgttcaccgcgatacaagcggcacgagggcacaagggtggtatccagtccggatcttcacggcggacaagttcgatacgaagccaatacgagcgttatctggaggaggagagcaatgccgacgaagcaggagattaa
>gene_7817|Replication initiation protein
atgtttgatgaatgtcaaatcgaggttgaagataattttcttccgaagaagattcaatctctgacattggcttctgcttattctgctcttggtgagcattcccgctcttaccgtgtcggttcttgtgggtcatttcttgaatttcatttgtctgataatcaagtcaagcttcatttcgctaatttctgtaaagaccgtctgtgtcctatgtgtaattggcgcaggtcaaaaaaaatcttctcccaggtatcgtctgtaatggatgtcctccagcgcgagggctaccgctttatcttccttacgctgactgttcgcaactgtcaattccatgaacttaaagatactgtttcttctcttaatgatggatggagaaatttatatcgtcagaagcgtttcaaagatgctattgccggttctttccgtactttagaaataactgtcaatcagcaaaattgctcttttcatccgcatctgcatgttattttggttgtcaaatcatcttattttgctcgttattatatctcacaaaaagaatggtctgatatgtggctaaaagcttgtaatcttgactatgttcctgttgttgatgttcgtgtcgtgaagtccggttctctggatccggaagtctgttcttcaaaattgaagtcatataaatctgctatcaaggaaatttctaagtatgttgcgaagggttctgattatctttcaggtgattttgaggaaatacttgtccgtgtttctcgtttgcttgaagctattaccggtagacggttatcttctatgacaggtgttttcaaatcggctgcagctgctttgaagctttatgacatggaagatggtgaccttgttcatactgaaacgcttcagttgcgtgatgatgtgtcatatatgattgttcgctatcattggcgaagtggattttatgaaagtgaggtgttctcgaatgtacaaacaaatgacacttaa
>gene_3974|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atgagcacccctaaaaaggttgaacatgacagagagttaactgtagccaaaagaaatgatatgatgcaaaaagcaagatatagcttgactatccatgaacaaaaaatcattctctattctgttgctcaaatcaagccagatgatacatttcttaaagagtacacttttgatataaaagatttttacgctctctgtggcattgctgatgaaagctacactcggttaaaggcaaccctccttaaattaaaaaagaagtgttggtggatacagacacctgatggaagtgatagcgcagtatcttggcttgacgttgtaagattgaataaaaaatcaggtaaagctacagttgcattccatcgggatatgatgccctatcttctggaactatcaaaacagtatacgtttgaagaaaaccactatacccaatacaaattgaaatacgtattggctatgcaatgtaaatattctcctcgcctatatgaactcctcaaaagttacgataacaatactacctggttttttttcgttgaagatcttcattcacttttgtcagactgtgacgaaaagggaaaatctcttactcctgctggatggaaaaatttcgctatttttagacgcgatgtgttggatccggcgattgcagaaatcaacaaatataccgacatgaaggtcgtatacaaggaagaaagaaaaggaaaaaaggttattaaaatccatttcctccttctaggcaaaacaaatagacagattcttgaggcagagcaggccatcatagaggagctagacggtcagattaatattttcgatgttgccaaaaagatggaagaagctcccgatccgtttgatattgccaagcaggaacaactggcagctatcagggccgagagagctgctgaagctgaagcagaacgacgcagacaggaagccatgcaaggaatcaaatcttggattgatccggaagattaa
>gene_26259|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
gtggctcacatcactaaattcaataaaggagcgatagggcatatgtgcggtcactatgaccgtagcaaggaatgcggtgagaacgtcgacagggaaaggacagcgcagaactacaaccttgctccgcacatgcagaatcagattgattttattcgtgacaggctcagccaggtcaaagtccaaaaccgcaaggacgtgaatgtgatgtgcgactggattgtgaccttgccggagccgatgcaggactatgagccggagttcttccggttagcctatgattttttagagcagaaatacggcaaagaaaacgtggtgtcggcatgggtgcacaaggatgaagctaccccacatatgcattttgcttttattcccgtggtaatggataagaaaaaagacaggctcaaggtgtcggctaaagaatgtatcacgagggcagatttacaggcttttcatggggaattagagaattatatagcggacaggctcggcatggaagctgaggaaatcggcatccagaacggagcaacgagagacggcaacaagagcgtggctcagcttcgcagagagcgaaaaatagagggaatcgaggaagaactggcagaccttaaacaagaacttcaagctaaaaaagctgaaatcagcgcattgcaggctcatatagacgagttaaagagtgaatgtaaagaattacttcaatggcatgagaatgcctctctgaaagccacagaggacattaaaatggtcaagggcatcactgctgccatgatacccaaattacaacaaaaaatcgcaaatatggctttcgagcgtggcttcggtctgccgaatctgcctaaatcgaaaaaaaaatcaatctcagatttagagggtatcatcgcagagggcaaagccaaaaatgaatcggtcaacaccgctgatttcgatttaccaatgaaaaaaaaatcatggcgcgatgacgcgcgctga
>gene_22240|replication protein RepB
atggcaatatcggaagaaaagaaggacctcgttcgtaagcggctccttgatggagttccacaaaaagagatagccgcagaagtaggaatttcgctcgatactataaagcgcataaaaaagaagatgcccatgtccgtgttggccgcacaagacacaggcgatagttccatcaaattcgatactaccacaaacctcactcgaacggaagctcgttatgcggaaaagttgcaaaaagaactttttctgtatgaggatgaggacgaagggtgggtctatcacatcacaaagcacgatggccggttgagaacttccggttgttggtggacggcgatagtctatccggaaagtgctccggatagatgggtcgaaaaattaagaaatcaaggttttcgtatcgcaatttctccccttcatgataaggacaaatgggatcacgattctccggaagtcataaatccggagactggtgagattgttccaaaaggcgcacggtataaggcaggcgaccgaaagaaagcgcattggcatgtcattatcgtctccgaccaaagaatgagttttcaagatgcaaacagtacgatccggaacatcacgcacgggccctacatacagaagtgccgcagtcttcggaatgcgtttgactattttctgcatatcaacgctcccgaaaaataccaaggttatgataagagtgaaatccggacttttaacaactttcacttggaacctaacaaatacgagacgggtcttatgcaggctgaaatcattgaaaccatcaaggaaaaggatttcgatgatatatgccaagttgttgacttcttcgccggctctccggagtacatcgtgattttatgcgcaaagccggggcttttcacaagttatgttaggagtatctggaagaagaagcaccccgaaggcaacattcagcggataatgattgttgaaaaggagacaagcgatggataa
>gene_51061|Replication protein
attgtgcaatataagtatataacaagataccggataagtcaagaccaatatgcagaaataagcgaaagctgcgaaagtaaaacactgcaaaaagtaacaatccataaaggaatcaatgttccaatagtcaagaatcttgtggtcctcggtcaagtaaaaaaagctgtgaatatagacgaatgcgggacctttttagaactgtatacagatgctgacggtatagagcgcataagtcgggcaaacttctgtagagagcgcctttgttcggtgtgttcgtggcgcagacaatcacgctttattgctaccacggaacccgcgttgcaaaaaatagatatggaaacctcaggaagggctaaatatatctttattacgtttacaatgaagaactgcagagggaaagacttatctgcagcaattacgcaactgttgaaagcgtgggacggaatctcccgcagaaagcctttttctaaatgtggtttaggcgctattcgtaatatagaggttacttataacaaaacgtctagaatgtatcatccacacttgcacgtgcttatgcttgtaacaaatgattactttcataaagtaaactatattacagcggaaaaactctctcttctttggaaacatgcgcttgatgtggattataacccagtagtacatatagaaacaataaagtcggatcatgctgaatctagtgcaattatgagtgcttcgcttgaagtgatgaagtattcgctgaaagcaacagattatgcaatatctcccacagttacagaaacgttaatgaatgcattgaaaggcagaagattaatttctttcagcggtgttattgcggaagcaagaaaacaactgaaatatgcagatgtggaagacgataaccttgtagatgatataaacgaaagaattgacaatgcaaggcgggtactgtacttattcacaccctcaggttggaaaataagtaattaa
>gene_27775|protein rep, partial
atggatattataacacacattcccgagtttgtcaataacacagaccgagaaaaattcggtaagtggacggagaaaaagcaaaaaaatgtgaaaatctccgataaaatgatagatgcgggctttaagaaaagaggatatttaatgagagagtgcggaacatttctccaatacaaagtttgcccggactgcggtaaatcgttcatttcttcggcaaatctgtgcagggataggctctgcccaacttgcgcgtggagactttctctaaagcgctttgcggaaatgtgtcaagtgatgaatattctatctgaagaagacctcgcttgcgcgggatttttaacgctaactgtcaaaaactgtaagcccgagaatctccgctacacgatacaaaaaatgaatgaggattggaacagaatgttagccgggcgaaagataaaacatcttcttgccgggtgggcaaaatcgcttgaaattacatacaacgaaaagacaaacacattccacccacattttcatatcatagtgctttttaatgattttttgggagagggcgagacaaacaaattctttcgtaaagcgtggtcgaaagcctcgcgcctaccctatgagccgataacggactttagattgatagactctgctgaagaaagtatagcatcagacggagaaaaggtctacaatgctatattggagactttcaagtactccgtaaaaagcgacgaattagaggaaatgcctttacaaacttttcgagagtttgtcctcgcggtgcagggcttgcgctttgtctctttcggtggaattataaagaacgcgagaaaagaactcggtatcaaagacaacgagagagcagacgaagagaacgaaatagaactctcacgcgataaatgcacttgcggtgcggaattgatgaagattatttgtgaatggtctttcactgaaaaacaatacaaactacttaatatttga
>gene_30592|Site-specific recombinase XerD
tatgaaaaactgacttcgatgcaatcctttggcgaaagtaagaaagctgcgattcttgccggcacggatagaaataagatattcagctacaacacttatcaaacttattggaagcatacgaagtactttgtcaagtggatccaagagaagcatccggaatgtactactctgaagagtgcgaaaaaattcgccggtgaatggctgcaggaacgttctgataagggattgtctgcatggacaattcaaaccgaagcaaaggctttgggaaaactctacggaattaagccaggagatccggattatttttcgccaccgaaaagaaacagggttgatattgaacgtagtcgaggagacaaggtaagagataaacatttttcggaaaagaataatgctgaactggttaagttctgcaagggtacaggactgcgccggagtgagctggagaacctaagaggttctgatttagttacgaaagagcaagtttcgaaagaaattgaaaaaaacgaagccttaaaatcgccgtctgaggacgatttaaaaaggcttggtgttctgaaggatgctgctaaattcgatgctgaccactatattcatgttcggaacggtaagggtggcagagagcgaattagtcctattataggcaaagactcagctaaaattgttgagcgaatgaaagaagctgctgccggtaaagtatggcagcatgttaatagtaatgccgacatacacgggtatcgaggcgattatgcaacagcgatatataaggcgaatgctaggaatatagctgacattccttttgacaaagtgaacaaaggaacaggcagagcttatcaaagcgaggtctatacttgccgaaaagatgagtccggcaaaaaactggacaaggctgccatgaagctaacaagtaaagctcttggccataatcgaattgaagtcgttgctaataattatatcagggggttgtaa
>gene_30055|Rep protein
atgtcattctcgtataataatatcacaatttcagaagaatgtcaagcaagaatacagcgattcagggagcgaatcatattcaaagagtatttgagcatccctgttggcgaagtaatgaaacagcttagatataaagcaaatgcagaggacaggctacaacggtttttagactgtgggaaatatctggcacttgacccgacaacaggacagatattaaaagcaaacttctgcaaacaaaggttatgtcctgtatgtaactatatcgcatcatgtatatattggcacaagataaaaaaagccacagaatggataaaagaaaataacaaaggtgtacaatttgtattcatgacagtaaccgtcagaaactgtcccggggaagaactcacaaaaacaatagatgaagtgtttgcagggttcagacgtctaacaaataggcgaacatggaaagagagtacactcggcatgttgcgaggtttagaaattacatacaaagtcgaggacgacacattccatccacatatacacatgttagtcgctgttcctgatggttatttttcaaagaaaaacgacaaatatatagacattgaaaaattgagggcatggtgggaagaatccgctcgtcttgattatttcgcacaagtagacattagaagagtgacaagcgaagataacgcaatagctgaggttgctaaatatgctgtaaaaatggctgaaatcttaaaagcagattccaatgagataatggaacgagcaacattgataatacatcaatgtatatacggaagaaggctgaaagcaaccacaggagtttttaaagatgcattcaaaacattaaagcttggcagtcttgaagattttgacattgaaccggatataagttatgagaatgctatagaattgacttttaatgattcgtttgcagaatataacatgaaaggggttcaaatagaatgtcgaaagaaataa
>gene_9296|protein rep
atgagtaaaacatatcatgaattgcacgatttttcaagcactggcaaagaaagaccgtggaaagacaaaaagaataaatctcttttagtttctgaaagtttcaagcgtttaggaaacttcaagcgttcttcaaaaatccatgaatgtggctcatttttggagttcaagcaatattcagacaatacacttaaactgcatcttgccaacttctgcaaggctcgcttgtgtcctttgtgtgcttggcggcgttctcttaagatttatggtcaattatcgcagattatggcagaagttcaaaaaatgggcgattttgcatttttgtttcttacgcttactgttaaaaactgtggtgaatgtgaactgaatgatactataaacgctatgcttaaagcctatgataaactttttaagcgaaagaaaattgcaaggatattctgcggtgcatatcgtgctttagaaataacacacaatactgatgataaaagcatagcgtttgatactttccaccctcattttcatataattttagcggttcacaagttctactttacaagccgtgattatataaaaacagaagatattgtgaaaatgtggcaagaatgtcttggtgttgaatatgctcctgtggtcgatataagacggataaaagaagataaattcaagggcatagaacacgcagtagcagaaacagcaaaatataccgtcaaagatgatgattatatatgcgaagatacaaacttgatggataaaacaatattcgttcttgatgatgctttacggaataggcggcttatttcatatcgtggcattttcaaagatgcagcagaaaaattgaaattagatgatgctattgacggcgatctggtacacactggagacgatgcagaattagatgaagcatataagattgtccgttattgttggaataaagactggttaaactactttttaacgggaggtgattaa
>gene_40519|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgacagaattacagaaacaagaaaaattttttaacgatttagaccaaaacggaaacgagcaaaattggaggggtcgcaaattagctaatttgaagttagcagactcttataataaattaaattataaatcatcaatgatacagcgtgtggcagaatgtgctgaagtgctaacattcatacagaaagatgacggaacgttacgactaaatcaaacatggttctgtaaaaataaactgtgcccgatgtgcaactggagacgttcgttaaaatacagctatcaagcaacaaagattgtcgatgaagccatgaagcgaaacccaaaggctagatttatcttcttaacgttgacaattgaaaatgtgccagcaagcgaactaaacaagagtttatcagagctaacaaaatcttttgatagactttttaagaggcgaaaaattcaaaaaaacttgattggatttctgcgagcaactgaggtgactgtggaggaaaaaagaaatggttactatcatcctcatttacatgttttgatgatgatgaagtcaaactatttcaaaattaaaggcgattatatcaaacagcaagaatgggcagaattatggcaagagtcagcacaattattatatacacctatagttgatgtgaaagcagttaaagcaaaagatactgagatattcgataaagagagtctgaagaaagcagttctagaaactgcaaaatatcccactaaaccaattagctttgatgatgaaaatttaaaaatcattgatgatttatataagggtttgtatcgcaagcgtcaaattgcctatggtggtatctttaaacagatagcaagagaattacaattggatgacgttgaaaatggtgacttgactgttgttgatgaagaaacgggggaaatcacgaacggcactaaattagttgctgtttggaattgggaaagaaagaactatttcttaaaatag
>gene_14683|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggaactttaatggcaaagttatctgtatcggttgttaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcataacaaccgctgtttcacaacccccaacgtagacaaagagagggtaaagaataacattacataccgtgcagaaccgatagaagtggcttatgaaaagtgctttggtgcagaggtggaaaggtacaatgccactcaaaagaggtctgacagaaaaattcataactacatggactatatccggaactcaaagaatggggagaaactgttctatgaaaccgtggtgcaggtcggtaacaagtttgactgtgctgttggctcagagaacggagaaaaagctaaaagagcactcaatgactacatgcagaacttccggcgccggaacccgaacctctatgtgttcaatgcggtcatgcacttggatgaagccactccacacttgcatatagactatattcccattgctcatggctaccaaagggggttgcaggtgcgcaactcgcttgataaggcactgaaagagcagggaatagacggaaaagccaacaaaaaggagaacagcacccataattggcaggagaaagaaaaagatgctctggagtacttcatgaaagagtatggcttggaacgtgccggagaaaagggtatcaagagggagcatatgtctgtggagcagtacaaggcggttgcggagcaggtacacaatgaggtgcgacaactcccaaaacagatagaaaccgcccccatgatgcttaacaaggaacgtgtgacggtcaaaaagacagaccttgagcagttggaaaagcgggcaaagctttctttggttcatgaaaaagcagtcaaagcagttcaagaagatatgtttataagccgtgatttgcgttatagggcgttagagaatgttaaggacatgaaacagtcacttgaaacccaaaaagccgaatatgagcgtttaacgggcttgttggagcaggaaagggtaaagtgtgctgaagagtataacagacagttgaacctcaacaaagaatatgaaaccctgctgaaagcccacatggagcaaaggcgcaacctaatatccctgcaggcagagaaccactccctgcggtcacaattggctgaactaaaggataacatcatggagcagatagagcaggctgttgcaccattcaaggaacagttaaaggtggctacggacaagttaaacaatatggcagcagtccagaagaaactgttgcaatccatgaactacgttaagaccttatttgccggagaagtgacaaaagctgttttgggtgcaggatacaaattaggcaacgactccttgaaaataaacggttttgacaaaataaatagctccgaatgcggacttccggtggagataagcaaagaaatgagattggaactgtacttcaaaaatggcaaagatggtatgggggtttacagtaaaaaagacactcttttggtagagtgtgataccttcaaagaggctagagagaactttccaaaatgcaatctgcacaacatgttagtacgggatatggaactgacacgataa
>gene_35108|Plasmid replication protein Aci 5
atggacaactgcaagctagtgacaaaagacaataaattaatcagtgccagttactcgcttggcatacctgagcagcgcattatctttttggctatcgttgaggctcgagcgcaaaagcagatgattgatgctaggggtgtgctgcaaatccatgcaagcagctatcaagaacaattcaaggtagaaaagcatacttcgtatgatgcgctaaaaagtgcagctaagggcttgtttgatgctcacttcgagtatgacgatatacatgaaaagacaggcgatttagttcatcgtattgttaggtgggtgcagacagtagcttacattgataaaactggaatgattgaattacagttcacagatgccgttattccactgataacaaggcttagcgaacaatatacagaatacgatttaaagcaggttagcgagctgcaaagcgaatatgcaatcaggctttacgaattaatgatgcaatggaagtcagttggaaaaacaaacaagatagcgactgatgacttacgcaaaaagctaggggttaaggctgagcaatacaaagaaatgcacaatttcaaggctagagttctaaatcatgcgataaagcaaatcaacagtttcactgatattcaagccgattatattcagcacaaaactggcaaagcgattactggctttacgttcacattcaagcaaaagaaagcacctgagcagctcgctactgctacaaataaaaatagagataatgccacgcctgacctattccacaacatgacagacgaccaaataagcacgtttagcaaaaagttagctgcattacctgagcttggcagtaatgccccacttggaatgaaaacgcctgacttcgtggcaatgattgctgatgacctcaaagaccctgacaagcaaacaaagtacagaaagcacttagcaaagttaggatttaaagccgcaaagagcaaggttaagtaa
>gene_45175|recombinase, partial
atggcatacggaataatgagagtagcgaaacttaaaatgggagaagcaaaaaatatattggcggaacacaatcgagacgctgaaaaagatattggacgattcaaagcatccaatatcgactgggagagaactcaagataatattacatgggctagaatggacgctgatacatggcagcagcgttttaaagaaaacatggacttatatggcataaatgttcgtaagaacgctgtgccgctcattgatgcggtttacacagcaagtcctgaatggtttactgataaaaccaagcaggaaatagaagcatacttttcagagtgtgtcgaatttcatcagcgctactatggagaaatcgtaaatgcagtcatacactatgatgaaaccacaccgcatttacacattgattcttacccaatacgacacgatgaaaaaggttttcatttagacgctgaccgtctaatcggcaatcgaaagcatttatcggagttacaagatagattctatcttgaagtagcaaaacaatacgatttagagcgtggttttaagcgtgagataggtgaattagttcaacacaaggaagtgattacacatgcaattgaacagcttacaactcgtttaacgaaggatatgagtgaattaatgacattcatggatactccacttgaccttgcgacatatcattctaagactaacaggtttgagacaaatatcagcgttacaccgcatcaaatatgtacatacgctgatgaacatcaactagacctaacaaaagcactaggcgagcttctgaaggaacgtaaacgtgagatagagcgagaaatcgacaagcgagtcaaactaacgaatgatgggaaatatgatagcctagcagatgccgtgaaggacgtctacaatccaaaggcaattgctgaagaagtcaataaatctcacttagttgatagagatgattttgaaagtagataa
>gene_40944|Plasmid recombination protein
atggcatacggaataatgagagtagcgaaacttaaaatgggcgaagcaaaaaatatattagctgagcataatcgagacgttgaaaaagatattggacgattcaaagcatccaatatcgactgggaaagaactcaagacaatattacatgggctagaatggacgctgatacatggcagcagcgttttaaagaaaacatggacttatatggcataaatgttcgtaagaacgctgtgccgctcattgatgcggtttacacagcaagtcctgaatggtttactgataaaaccaaacaagaaatagaagcatacttttcagagtgtgtcgaatttcatcagcgctactatggcgaaatcgtaaatgcagtcatacactatgatgaaaccacaccgcatttacacattgattcttacccaatacgacaggataaaaaaggttttcatttagacgctgaccgtctaatcggaaaccgtaaacatctatcggaattacaagatagattctatcttgaagtagcaaaacaatacgatttagagcgtggttttaagcgtgagataggtgaattggttcagcacaaggaagtgattactcatgcaattgaacagcttacaactcgtttaacgaaggatatgagtgaattaatgacatttatggatactccacttgaccttgcgacatatcagtctaagactaacaggtttgagacaaatatcagcgttacaccgcatcaaatatgcacatacgctgatgaacatcaactagacttaacaaaggcattaggcgagcttctgaaggaacgtaaacgtgagatagagcgagaaatcgacaagcgagtcaaactaacgaatgaagggaaatatgacagcctagcagatgccgtgaaggacgtctataatccaaaggcaattgctgaagaagtcaataaatctcacttagttgatagagatgattttgaaagtagataa
>gene_28697|Replication protein
ttgactcccttatacgttaatcataccacaggtgaggtctttagtcaagaggaaattgagcttgaagacggtcgccgaaagtggaaggagagaaagaaaatgactctcaaagtggctaagttaatgagcgcatatgataagccaagagccgacaacatcgaagggtgcggaacataccttcaattcgtgaagacccccgatgcgaagaaatcactgaagaacgcgaatttctgtagagagcgcatgtgccctatgtgccagtggcgtagatcgataaagctcggtgtgcaagccgataagatatatcgagctcttaccgatcagggatataagcatgtgtttgtcacgttaacactcaggaattgtaaaggcgaagaattgtcggagacagtagatcatctcgtgaaatcggcacagcgctggaggagacacaaggctattgatgcggtagtgagaggagcatacagagcgcttgagatcacttacaatgccgagacagatacatatcatccgcatattcatgcattgctcacggtcgacgggaattatttcgacaaagataatgccgactatatcacactagataaactcatcgctacatggcgaactgcggcggacttggattatgacccgtccgtaagcatcgaagcggtgagacaaaaggagaatcagacgatcacctccgcatgtgccgaactttgtaagtatccagccaaaacagccgagatcgattccagtaaggtgctgtactatatcgacggagctttaagaggtcgacggctcatccagtggtccggagtagcgcaggacgtgagacggcagttagagctagacgacgtagaacacggaaaccttgtcaacatggacgatcagagcgtggctgacgttcctctcgaagatgtcgtctatgtgtggcgctatggcttctatgtgccgcttgacattaaaaagatcgaggattaa
>gene_14541|replicative protein
ttgaaagttaaaaaattggacggctaccagttcccagactcggcaaaaactaaggttgttgaaatgggcaacattttggaaaccgtaacttttgagcgtgtccccactggtgctccttgtcgtaagattagccgtgatgaattcgttgatttgcgcaccggcgaagtcaaagactataaccattttgagagccgagccagtagcaaagaaagtattcgtcaaaccttagttcgcatccgagagctggtcaatacgaacgttgtggatcctgcttgtgtgcggtggattactttgacctatgcagagaatatgtgcgacccagaacggctttacaaggattacaaggcgttttggatgcggtttaagcggtggtgttctaaagcctgtattaccgtgccggagtacatctgtgttgtcgaaccgcaggggcgtggtgcttggcatgtacatgcgttttttatttggccttctccagctccttttctgcccaatgatgatgttgcacggttgtggggtcaaggatttaccaagaccaaacaagtgacggattgcgataatgtcggcgcttatttttcg
>gene_52523|Replication family protein
atggacaaaagaaaaacccccgtagaaaccgatgctttggcgggcagtgtttctacaggggtcgatgaagctgagcttctgagcgaaaggatagcacgctacggtcaggcacatgcaagagccttgctgatgcttgagcatctgcgccagaacccagaccacaacaccaccaaggcatccgctggcctcgcctcctgcggaaactaccttcacttccgggaatatttcacggtaggcaaagtccgcctgcatcgtgcccaattctgtaaacaacacctcatctgtcccctgtgcgccatacgcaggggatcaaaggccttgggtgtctatctggatcgctggaatgtaatcagggaagagcggcccgagcttcgcccctacctgatcactctgaccgtcaagaacggggatgatctggaagaacgccagaaccacctcacacgctcgctgaagcgtctcatggatcgtcgccggttcttcaatgctggccatcgtggcgccccgtatacggagctgtgcaaagtccagggtgcggtctacacgctggaactgaccaacaaggggaatggctggcatccgcattgccacatgatcgccctgtgcgcctctgagccttcacaggaagcgttatcagctgaatggaagggaatcacaggggattcattcatcgttgactgtaggcccatcacaggcgacccagcagatggtttcatggaggtcttcaagtacgcggtcaaattctctgatctgtcgctctccgataactgggaagctgcccagcttctcaagggtcgccgactgctgaacagcttcgggctgttccggggtgtcgtcatccccgaatcgctgctggatgaacctctggacgatctccccttctgggatcgtttctaccgctacatcaacggtcattaccagctgaccggcgaatccccccagacagaacccacctcccaaacctga
>gene_3995|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaagtagcagcatcattctcagttggtcgggtagcatacttgcacgatatgagaaaatcaaacacaaacaacgttgatttgagtttatctcataacaacgttgttttggttgatgttctcagagggaaaagtatcgaagaatataccaacgaaaaaatgcaaccaatcattgacgaatacaacctaaagcagaaaaggtctgatagaaaaattactacagactactgcactcatttcaattctcaaaaaaatcatggacaattagtctatgaagcggttctccagtttggagaacatgacaccttaggtggagaatattattctgcagaaacttctgcaagaagaaaagaagagttaagaagacagtttgtaaaggtctatcatcaagttctctgtgatatgcggagagagtttcctcacttagaaatcttatatgcagtaattcattttgatgaaacaaatggcactccgcatatgcatgtagcttttcagccggtaggcgaaaactacaaacaaggtctttcgaaacaagtttctatagggaacgctttatcttgtgacggaatagaacgtttaaagagtagagcagaagcccaggaactgggcgggtaccaattatcacgattctatcaaactgttcgtcacaagtatcttaacagaatcttaacagaacttggctatgagataaaagaagagcaacatggtatcaaacatcaagaaccgactgtttttaaggctgtaaagcgttcagaaatgaaaaaagcagagttagatgcagaaatatatgctttagaaactaaaatcgcaaatttgaagcaaatagagcttttagagctatatagtcagcttacagagtttgaaaaaactctaaagctaagagaaggagcaatgaaagaatatgtccataagtccataaataaggctttaaacactgtttctgaagaagatagagaaaaa
>gene_40615|Putative replicon protein
atgggacaacaattagagctattcgaaaatagccttcctcacaaaccttattgctcggatgatctcctctatggcgtgaaaattttgccaaagacgcaggccattttgaagaaatatatccagccgaaccagcccgctttttttggtttcataactcaagattgtgattatccgaacgcgttggaggcctgcaccgaggccaacggaccccctccgaacttctcagtaatcaacaaaaaaaatgggcgtagtcatctattttggggcctgaacacaccagtgtgcaggaccgaactcgcgcacaggaagcccctcgaatatctggcgtgcattcaatatgcgctccgcgaaaaggtccggggtgataggggatattgcggcctaatggcaaaaaatcccctatcagatcactggctggttgttgaaaatcgcgcggaattttatgaccttggagagcttgccgactacctcgacgtgccgtcaaagttgcccagtcacgccagagttttggggttgggtcgcaactgtactttgttcgattctggcagaaagtgggcctacaaacaggtattgaagtatcgcgttttgggcgatagggatggcttttttgaggtggtgcaggaggcgctggaggagatgaacgacttccccgacccactaccattcaaggaagtttgtcaaattgctaagagtatagctaaatggacgtggaagcactacacgaaggaatggacagacggccaattctccaagatacaagcccacagg
>gene_17958|replicative protein
atgaccgatacagttcggctttacaaggactacgagaagttctggaagaagttctgttattggtgcaagaagaacggctacagcaaaccggagtatatcactgtacaagagccccaagggcgtggagcttggcatatccatgcttttttcatctggcaaggcaaagctccctatatcgacaacaacggcgttatgtggcaactgtggggtcatggctttacgaaaaccaaggcgttaaatgatgtcgataacatcggcgcatacttctctgcatacttggcagacatgccccttgaagaatacgaaaagctcccggctaacattcgcagttccggtcttccggtcatggaaaaggaattcacgaacgagcaggagctcacgaaaacgaagaagtttgtcaaaggcggtcggttgtgcttgtacccggctggcatgaatattgtccggaaaaccaaaggcatcaagctcccggaagtcgaacaaatgacacttgaagacgcacgaaaaaaagtcagctctgcaaagctgaccttctctcgctcgtatgaggttgtaacagactctggcgaagtctgcaacgcctttaccaaggaatattataaccgcatgcgaaagtaa
>gene_17956|Rep protein
ttgaaaaccattcgagaggtcaacgaagttcagttcgatgattacagctataccaaggtcacaaacatgggcaatataaccgagcttatgaccatgaaacgcacgccccttgcccctccggtcatcaagctgacccaagacgaatatttggacactcgcaccggagaagtctgcgagtataaccatggtgacacaagagctgactgcacgcagtctgtccggcggtctatggcacatattcgagctctggtcaatacgaatgtcacagtacccgagaatgtccggtgggttacgctg
>gene_45655|Replication protein
cttaacgaaaacaagtataacaggtttatttccaaaagtgaagagaaatatcttgaaaaggttggaaaagaaaaggttttatttgaagacatagaagaaggttgggtatatcatctaacaacagaagagttggcacataaacagagtagcaaatggtggagcttcattgtttaccctgaaagtgcagaaccaaattggaaagagaagctccgaaacttgcattgtgaattagcaatcagtcctttacacgataaagacctgtggacacacgatagtcctgaaatcgtggacgaagagacaggagaggtaatcgaagaaaagggaagcagatacaaatgcggagaaagaaagaaatctcattggcattgtatcatcaagtttgagaagacaatcaaatacaaagaagcaaatgagattgtaagaaaaattactaacggaccttatctgcagaagtgtatgagcttaaaaggacagtatgagtattttactcatatgaataatcctgaaaagtatcagtacgaaaagagtgagattgagagatacaatggtttcatcattgaaactacacagacagacagaattgttatgattgatgaaatcggaagagtaattgctgaaaagaagtttctcgatttaggagaagttagaaagcattacgaaggacagtatgagtatatcaatgtaattgccttgaagggatattactttgaaaagctcacccaggtaaacttcaggagaaagttccctgaaggaagaacacagaaagtaagacttgtaacagacgaagaaaaggagaattga
>gene_22279|protein rep
atggtttctgtacaaaagaaaaaagacggctggtccccgtcttcttcccctacttctgattctgttattggtggtggtactgtctcttgtgatagtacatcttccgttgtcaatttatccgattttgatgataaagtcaatgagaagtaccgtttgaagaaacaccagtccgcttatcttgctgatgtttacattgaattagatgaattgccccgtgctatgcgtgttaatgcttgtggtaacttccttgatttttcttcttctactggtaaattacttcatgcaaatttctgtcgtgataggctttgtcctatgtgcaattataggcggtcgcttaaaatctattctcatgtctcgagaatgttcgacttccttggtgataagtattcttatttgttccttactcttaccatcaaaaattgccctgtggacgaattaaaggctaatatagaccaactttttaatgggtggaaatatctcatcaataagaataaaaggtttaagaagtcgattttaggcactattcgtgttcttgaagtcacttataattctgtgactgatgaatggcaccctcatcttcattgtattcttgctgtttctaagtcttactttaattctcgtgattatatctctcatggtgaatttgtagatttatggaagacggctttgaaggtagattatgaccctgttgtagatatccgccgtttctcttctcgttctcattccggttattctgatgatatctcttctgatgtttccggtattactgattccgttttgcgtattagtattaatgaaatttcgaagtacatcgcaaagggatctgattatcttgattttggtgatttcgaatctactgtaagaaaagttgtatctcttcttggtggtatctctcgtcgtcgtttgttctctacttctggtgtttttcgtaaagctttcaaagagctgcagctctctgat
>gene_39653|Replication protein
atgacagatgttaaaggtcaagtattccaggatatatcaaagactggaaaggatagacaatggcgcaaacggaaactgaaaaatattgaattagcaagacaattagaaattttaggttatcgctcatttgagagagtttatcaatgcgctgaagttctaaaatttgtcgaacagtcggacggtacaaaaaaattgtatcagtcttatttctgcaaaaataagttgtgtgcgatttgcaactggagacgttctatgaaatactcctatcaagcaagtaagattgtagaggaagctatgagcaggcaagccaaaggaagatttctatttttgacattaactgtaaaaaatgtgacaggtcaagagcttaataatgcgatgacagaagtcttaagaggctttaatcgattgatgaaatacaagaaagtagataagaacttgctcggatttttgagagcgacagaggttacttattccaaagaattggatagttatcacccacatctgcacgttttactaatggttaagccaggctattttcgttcaaaagctgactacttaagccaggacaattggacggaactatggaaaaaagctatgaagttagattatacacctatggtggatattcgagcggtaaaagctaataaaggtaaaggtttgaaaggtgctattttggagactgcaaaatatcctgtaaaaccttttgacctgacatatgataaaatggactatacagaaaccgagaaactgcagatagtagatgatatgctttcgggcttacatagaaaacgacaaattggctttggtaaactgtttaaggatatcaaaaaagaactagagcttgacgacctagaatatggcaatctagttaaaactggagaggaaaaagacggtactttttcaggtcgtgaaattgtagcaatatggaactgggaaagaaaaaattattatattaaagattag
>gene_54417|DNA replication protein
atgtctgatgatttagttgtaatgcacaacgatatagtaacgtctgcttataatctttctgttaatgaacagcgtttgatttattgtgcgttgtcaaagatgccaaaacgtgagccgatagaccctaaaacaccattttatattagtcgtgaggactttatagaactgggtgcaaaccctgataatgtcgctagggacataagacaggcaacaaaagacctgatgaaaaaaaccctctacgttaatacggatacagggattttagaatttcattggctgtctgaagtattgcgttatgataaaaacgctgaacaaaaacttagggataagtaccctgaccctaaagaccacaaagaatatatgaactctctaaggctctataacctgctcgatgccctgcctatgaacagaacagatgatgtggtggctagggtagtgtttcatgagagagtagtaccgctattgagtgatttaaaagcgagcttcactcagtttttgctaaatgatgtggcagattttagtagtatctacagctatcgaatttatcagctgatgatgcgttacaagtcaactggttatgtgaaaattagcttaaatgacttgcgttttatgctcatgttaatggataaatacccattgaccgcagatttgaaaaaacgtgttgtagatacagcaacagatgaaatcaacgaaaaaagcccttataaggtcaagtacaaccttatcaaaaaagggaggaaatatacgcatttagagctaaaattcactgagaaagagaagccaaaagaaacaagagaccctcatacaatagattggattaatggcgttacagatgatgaaatcaaagggatgtcgccagctcaagcgagtaagtatgctgggctactgcacaaagaacaggggatagtcggtaactggtcggattgtgatacatacgctaaagctaaaaccaagctaaca
>gene_50393|Conjugal transfer protein TraG
gtactgcagaataccagtggcgactcgaaagacgccttctggtacaacgctgagctcaacctgctcaaagcgctggtgctgtatgtggcgctggagatgccccctgagcagcgtaacctggctacagtttacgacctgctctacacgcagacggagaagggtctatccgacatcatggccagtattagtcacgagcatgtgaaccagtacaccggtgagcttcttccgccatccccggcagccgctccttacgccatcttcaagcagtccagcgatacggtccgaaccagtgtcatcattggccttggcagcaaactggccgtactgcaggcccagcaggtgcgtaacatcacttcctacaacgagatcgacctggaacttccgggaaagcaaaaatgtgcctacttctgcatcgtttccgatcaggacagcaccttcgatttcctgagctctctgttcttcagcttcctcttcattcgcctgatccgatacgcagatggatactgcgaaggtggaatgctgagcacgaaagtgaagttcatcctagatgaatttccaaactgttgtttgatcccggactttaccaaaaaatgttccaccattcgttcacgcggttgttcggtagcggtctttttccaaaatgtgggtcagatgcgaaaccgatacccagatgaccaatggcaagagatcctcggcgcctgcgactccactgtgttcctcggctgtgccgatatgctgacggcggaatacttcagtgaccgcattggaaccgcttccgtcgaagtggaaggcacgatgcgggaactcaacaccatgcacattaccaactacaccccaagattccgcaagaccaactcacttggccggcgccaactgcttacccctgatgaggtcctgcgtttacccccggatcaagttctgatcttcattcgaggtcagaaagtcatgcgagccaaggcttga
>gene_15285|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaaatttggaaatgcttgtaataaattttattataatcaactagtaattggcaatcaaaaagcaactataaatgcttataaatcgcaccttaagccatttgaaatattttgtaataattgtgatatatcaaaaatcacatacaaaatgtattgtgattacattgtatatctaaccaatgaaaaaaatatttcaagtgttacaaaacatgattatgcaagagatttaaagattgtttttaaattcttttacaaaaacaaattaattaaaaatgacatagcaagtaaaattgaaaagctaccgaaacgtaaatctttaattccaaagattgtaagtgtaaatacaatccaaaaaatacttaaagattgcaacagaaaaaatattttacacgttcgtaattgtttaataatttgtttgacatttgattgtggattaagattatcagaactagtaagattgagagtttttgactttgatttggataacggaattataagagttacaggaaaatggaacaaacaaagaaatgttcctttgactgaaactgtagaaaagttttacaaagaatatttaaaacttacaaaagacagaaaaattgaatcgttattcttaagtaaagacaataaacaaataacaacgagttgtatacgtacaatttttaaaagattaaaacagaaatataatatacaagaatttcatcctcatttgttaagacatagttttgctacgttatttttgttaaatggtggcgatgctttagttctccaagagatattaggacatacaactttagaaatgacaaagaactacgtacatatagcaaatagtataagcattgcaaaaaacaaaagatatagtccattgtcaaatggatttgtcaataacgtaaaaagcttttcgaggggctcacctttggggagcacggcgaaaagcgtttacgttgacaatctatctggaacatag
>gene_3897|Replication protein
atctcgcagcaaaagctgcgcatactttggcagcacgcgctgcagtatgattatgagccgtacacgtatatacagagcattaaggctaaagacggaaaagaagaacgtatcagcgcgactttagaaactataaaatatagtctaaaaacaaaagattttgctatcagtgcagaagtgacgcatactcttatgtctgcattaaaaggcaggcggcttatatcgttttttggtgttgttgccgctgcccgccgtgaaatgaatatgcctgatatattcagcgataatttaaacgacgacgtggatataaatgcagcaaaagcgcgcagtgttttatactgcttttcagcatcaggatggcaaatagtgaataattaa
>gene_55227|Replication protein
atggcagagctcaaccacaacaaaacattgaacatgcgcctcgctgatcatttgcgaagcctcggcgaggaatacaatgaccgacgttttgcatcgcaggcggaacgtgtgaagtattgttccacgtggtggaatgggttttactgcgagagttgcggaaagtatcacggcatgcacacgaccggttgcaagcatcgcctctgcccgatctgcgcaacgaggacggcccgtgtcactgcaatacaagcggtggaagcaattgaacacataaagaaaacaaagcctgatgtgaagctctcgctcctcactctcacacagcgcaacgtttccgggcctgagctcaataacgagctttcagcaattctgaaggcatgggcctgtgttcaaaactggcgcgctttccgccagtcaatcaccggatgggcgcgtaccatcgaaattgtgcctgcattggcaaaagatggtacgtaccatcctcacgtccacgccattcttatccatgagaagggcctgccgtccgcagaaatgtttgcggagaaatggaaggcgggcatggggctggattacacccccgtcgttgatctgaggcccattgtagacgaggaaggcgcggttttcgaagtgtcaaagtacgtcagtaaaatgactcgcgtttacgatggcacggaacatgaacacgaccacgtccgttacatggcaagcgcgatgaattcaagacgccttcgcacatatggcggagactggcggaaagcgcgcatcgatctgaacatgatgcacgcggaagaacttgacgatgacgcgattgacgaatacggtgaactcaacgacctttccggcaagtgtccgggctgtgggtctggcactgtccctgcgtgtctccgctggtctggcctcagatacacagccgttcccgatgagatcagggtcattccgatggaccgactagggcttttcaaatcttga
>gene_169|Replication protein
tcttgccatgatttgcacgcgcaaatcaattatctttctgagcttgcaccccacgaaattagctgggatgaacacagatcgaatgcccaaactgtccaaacgctttacgaatattctgaagaatttaacaagtatgctgaacgtatcagttcgtgttcaggcatcctgaaatttgggtttggtgaatcaaagctgatactgaaacaggcatttttttgccgtgttcggtattgcccagtatgccaatggcgcagatcgctactttggagagcggttatgtttcaaaaactggatgaaattaaaaaaacatatccaacacatcgttgggtcttcctcactttgactgttcgaaactgtgatgtggtggatctgaaagaaacgcttgatcacatgaacgcttcatggcagcgattaattcagacaaaagccttcaaatcaggaattgcaggattcttgcgaacaacagaagttactcgcggcaatgatggcgcaatgcgggcgcatccccattttcatgcgttgttgctagtcaaaccgacctatttttcaggtaaaaattacatcaagcaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggccttgcgggtagattacctaccatcagtaaacgtaaaagccgtaaaagcgttttctaacaatcagcttgataaagcgatctgtgaaaccctgaaatatagcgttaaaccgtccgatttagccctagaaagcgattttggggcatggctgcaggaaatgactaggcagacccataagaagcgttttatcgcatctggtggcgttctgaagggtgttttaaagccagaagataaaataactcaatctgaaatgctgacttcatccgaaacccccgaagaaacagatgaacgaagaatcgctttccaatatgcgcccattcataagcgttatgtttaccagccaagatttaatgaataa
>gene_49043|Replication protein
atgaactcatcttgccatgatttgcacgcgcaaatcaattatctttctgagcttgcaccccacgaaattagctgggatgaacacagatcgaatgcccaaactgtccaaacgctttacgaatattctgaagaatttaacaagtatgctgaacgtatcagttcgtgttcaggcatcctgaaatttgggtttggtgaatcaaagctgatactgaaacaggcatttttttgccgtgttcggtattgcccagtatgccaatggcgcagatcgctactttggagagcggttatgtttcaaaaactggatgaaattaaaaaaacatatccaacacatcgttgggtcttcctcactttgactgttcgaaactgtgatgtggtggatctgaaagaaacgcttgatcacatgaacgcttcatggcagcgattaattcagacaaaagccttcaaatcaggaattgcaggattcttgcgaacaacagaagttactcgcggcaatgatggcgcaatgcgggcgcatccccattttcatgcgttgttgctagtcaaaccgacctatttttcaggtaaaaattacatcaagcaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggccttgcgggtagattacctaccatcagtaaacgtaaaagccgtaaaagcgttttctaacaatcagcttgataaagcgatctgtgaaaccctgaaatatagcgttaaaccgtccgatttagccctagaaagcgattttggggcatggctgcaggaaatgactaggcagacccataagaagcgttttatcgcatctggtggcgttctgaagggtgttttaaagccagaagataaaataactcaatctgaaatgctgacttcatccgaaacccccgaagaaacagatgaacgaagaatcgctttccaatatgcgcccattcataagcgttatgtttaccag
>gene_45063|Replication protein
atgaactcatcttgccatgatttgcacgcgcaaatcaattatctttctgagcttgcaccccacgaaattagctgggatgaacacagatcgaatgcccaaactgtccaaacgctttacgaatattctgaagaatttaacaagtatgctgaacgtatcagttcgtgttcaggcatcctgaaatttgggtttggtgaatcaaagctgatactgaaacaggcatttttttgccgtgttcggtattgcccagtatgccaatggcgcagatcgctactttggagagcggttatgtttcaaaaactggatgaaattaaaaaaacatatccaacacatcgttgggtcttcctcactttgactgttcgaaactgtgatgtggtggatctgaaagaaacgcttgatcacatgaacgcttcatggcagcgattaattcagacaaaagccttcaaatcaggaattgcaggattcttgcgaacaacagaagttactcgcggcaatgatggcgcaatgcgggcgcatccccattttcatgcgttgttgctagtcaaaccgacctatttttcaggtaaaaattacatcaagcaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggccttgcgggtagattacctaccatcagtaaacgtaaaagccgtaaaagcgttttctaacaatcagcttgataaagcgatctgtgaaaccctgaaatatagcgttaaaccgtccgatttagccctagaaagcgattttggggcatggctgcaggaaatgactaggcagacccataagaagcgttttatcgcatctggtggcgttctgaagggtgttttaaagccagaagataaaataactcaatctgaaatgctgacttcatccgaaacccccgaagaaacagatgaacgaagaatcgctttccaatatgcgcccattcataagcgttatgtttaccagccaagatttaatgaataa
>gene_27252|Replication protein
atgtttcaaaaactggatgaaattaaaaaaacatatccaacacatcgttgggtcttcctgactttgactgttcgaaactgtgatgtggtggatctgaaagaaacgcttgatcacatgaacgcttcatggcagcgattaattcagacaaaagccttcaaatcaggaattgcaggattcttgcgaacaacagaagttactcgcggcaatgatggcgcaatgcgggcgcatccccattttcatgcgttgttgctagtcaaaccgacctatttttcaggtaaaaattacatcaagcaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggccttgcgggtagattacctaccatcagtaaacgtaaaagccgtaaaagcgttttctaacaatcagcttgataaagcgatctgtgaaaccctgaaatatagcgttaaaccgtccgatttagccctagaaagcgattttggggcatggctgcaggaaatgactaggcagacccataagaagcgttttatcgcatctggtggcgttctgaagggtgttttaaagccagaagataaaataacccaatctgaaatgctgacttcatccgaaacccccgaagaaacagatgaacgaagaatcgctttccaatatgcgcccattcataagcgttatgtttaccagccaagatttaatgaataa
>gene_51014|Replication protein
atgaactcatcttgccatgatttgcacgcgcaaatcaattatctttctgagcttgcaccccacgaaattagctgggatgaacacagatcgaatgcccaaactgtccaaacgctttacgaatattctgaagaatttaacaagtatgctgaacgtatcagttcgtgttcaggcatcctgaaatttgggtttggtgaatcaaagctgatactgaaacaggcatttttttgccgtgttcggtattgcccagtatgccaatggcgcagatcgctactttggagagcggttatgtttcaaaaactggatgaaattaaaaaaacatatccaacacatcgttgggtcttcctcactttgactgttcgaaactgtgatgtggtggatctgaaagaaacgcttgatcacatgaacgcttcatggcagcgattaattcagacaaaagccttcaaatcaggaattgcaggattcttgcgaacaacagaagttactcgcggcaatgatggcgcaatgcgggcgcatccccattttcatgcgttgttgctagtcaaaccgacctatttttcaggtaaaaattacatcaagcaaaatgattgggtcgaaatgtggcaaaaggccttgcgggtagattacctaccatcagtaaacgtaaaagccgtaaaagcgttttctaacaatcagcttgataaagcgatctgtgaaaccctgaaatatagcgttaaaccgtccgatttagccctagaaagcgattttggggcatggctgcaggaaatgactaggcagacccataagaagcgttttatcgcatctggtggcgttctgaagggtgttttaaagccagaagataaaata
>gene_5185|Plasmid recombination enzyme type 2
atgagttttgctatatgcaggatacagaagattggcggcgcaaaggatatagccggcatcgagatacacaaccaacgcaagcgggaacatagcaacagcaatcccgatatagaccactccaaaagcgagctgaacattcagctcgctactcccagcagctcgtacaacgccgcggttgatgatattataaaaaaatactacaagggcaaaagagccgtcagaaaggatgctgtgcggctttgtgaggtgatttttacgtctgacaaagatttcttcagcaaaagtgaggacggaggcaaggcgtaccttacggcttgctacgaatgggctgttaaccgttttggcaaagataatgtcgtagcagctacaatacacatggacgaggaaacacctcatatgcactttgatttcgttccgatgaccgaggacgggcggctctctgcaaaagcggttatgggtggcagagccgatctacagcgtttgcaagatgatttctatgagcagattggcaaacgcttcggcatggatcggggcgaacgtgccgacattgagaatggcgaaaaggggcgtgctcactatgatacagcagactacaagttgcaaatgagccgaaatgatgtggacagtttgacaagtcgtatagatacctgccttgaagaaacttctcatgagaatattgatgctaaaaagaaaaccatttttcacgatgctactcctcaaaaagtcgtgcttttggcaaaagactatgcacgaatcagaaaagtactaagggaaagtaaagtcacaataacagcgcttacagaaatggctattgaaaaagaaaagcaaatctcgccaacagctgtatcacgggcatttataactaagaacattcgagaaaaagtaaagaaaaacataaaagccgttgaagctgaacgaaaatcacatactaaagctaaagtgaaagacaaaggcattgagtga
>gene_27135|Mobilization protein A
atggctatatttacaatgactgcatctaaggcaacgcctgcagctgcaattgattacattactgacaagaaaaaagctgaatactacgttggatggaaattagatccaagccggagctatgctgatcagatgatggagactgccaggatgtggggcaagaaccagggcgaagacgatcggaaatattatcacttcaaaatttccttcgccccagaagattgggacagaaatggtggtaaaatgacagcagatgatgcgttttactttggcatggatttcataaaagagaattttcctaacaacgaaggagtgctgggtgtccataccgatcgtgaccacctgcatctgcatggaataataaattccgtggatttgtttaacgggaaaaagctggatattcgtaataaggcctatagaaaattaaaggacagagtacaagaaatgtgctgtgaacgtgaactgactgatatagactggcgagaagccacaaaaacagcccgtacggaagagaaacagcctgcagagtatgaaacccttacttttgcagaaaaaggcatcagagaccgttctggactccctacaatcgatgatttagaagatatggctatgccaggtagagaaccacagtacggctggaaggacgagctgagggttgttatcgattatgctgctaccgaaagcaagagcatggaggacttcttagacattctaaaagaatatggcataacaacgcccaggaacacggctaacagcatcagttaccttcatccagcacagaagaaggcggtacgaggtgataagctgggcggggcatatactaagtcaagcatcctgggggcatttgaatacaacaaagaaaaagaacttcggaaggaatccttgactcagcagatcggggacgcagaagtaaccgaaagaagaaaaaccggaacactgcagcgtgaacaggaactcgaaaaatag
>gene_35073|Protein rep
atggaatttttagaaaatcaagagtttaaggatattagtaagacaggaaaagatagaaaatggaaagagcgtaaattgcaaaatattgcgtatgctaaacgcttggaagtgttgggatataaagcttttgcgaatgtttatcaatgtgctgaagtcttaaaatttaaggaattggaagggcaattgcgactgcaccaggcatggttctgcaagtcaaaattatgccctatttgtaattggagaagaagtatgaaatatggggtacagttaggtcaaattattgatgtagcaatggaaagagagccaaaagcaaaatttttgtttttaacattgaccgtaaaaaatgtacgtggagaagttttgggtgccgaattgacacgtttaaccaaagcgttcaaaagattgtttgagcgtaaaaaagttaaaaagtcagtaatcggctatttgagagcgatagaagtaacttacaacgctgaaagagatgattatcacccacacattcatgtattgttaatggttagagcgtcctatttcaaaaaatcagaatattatatttcgcaaaatgaatggacagccatgtggcaacagtctgcaaagcttgattacacgccgattgttgatgttcgtagagtaaaaccgaaccaaagaaaagcacaaaatgagatggatctgcgtggtgcgattgttgaaactgcaaaatatccaacaaagccgatagagcaaatgggagatacggaagaacaaaagctgaaagtgactgatgatttgatgaaagctttgtatcgtaagcgacagattggatttgggggtatttttaagcaaatacgcaaagaattgcagttagaagatgtggaaaatggcgatttagtgcatattgatgatgaaaatgaagaaagtagtttaggtgttgagattgtggcggtgtggaattgggaacgcatgaattattatgttggggagtga
>gene_19736|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaatactcaaaaatacaaaatgaataactctggactactcgcagaagcagacagaagcttatatcgagataagcaaggcaagtataaagatacagcttcaagaagcctcatagactttgataaaagccaaatgaattacaacctatgccctcacgctcaatataccaaacaacaaatcaaacactatatcgaaaatatcacgcacaaaacaatgcgcaaagacgctgtattattcgggagcacaataataacgctgcctaaggactacgagggtgatattcgtaagttttttgaagcctcttataaagcattaaaagaagcttatggtcttgaagattcagacatagtgtgtagttgggtacatatggatgaaacaaccgagcacatgcatttttactttattccacactatataaccaaagaaaaagagggtgtttcgtgggaaaaggttattcctcgctcaatgtataaaatgcaacataagcgcatagaagaatacattaaccaacagccttattttgtaaataacggatacaaagttaatcttcgtaacggcgaaacacttggcataggagatgtaaacaagcttgaaaaggcagataaaaaagctcataaaaagcgcttagaggcgcaagaaaaagaactaaaagaaatcaagctcgattacattaaaaacgaaataaaacccctagaaagc
>gene_5670|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaatactcaaaaatacaaaatgaataactctggactactcgcagaagcagacagaagcttatatcgagataagcaaggcaagtataaagatacagcttcaagaagcctcatagactttgataaaagccaaatgaattacaacctatgccctcacgctcaatataccaaacaacaaatcaaacactatatcgaaaatatcacgcacaaaacaatgcgcaaagacgctgtattattcgggagcacaataataacgctgcctaaggactacgagggtgatattcgtaagttttttgaagcctcttataaagcattaaaagaagcttatggtcttgaagattcagacatagtgtgtagttgggtacatatggatgaaacaaccgagcacatgcatttttactttattccacactatataaccaaagaaaaagagggtgtttcgtgggaaaaggttattcctcgctcaatgtataaaatgcaacataagcgcatagaagaatacattaaccaacagccttattttgtaaataacggatacaaagttaatcttcgtaacggcgaaacacttggcataggagatgtaaacaagcttgaaaaggcagataaaaaagctcataaaaagcgcttagaggcgcaagaaaaagaactaaaagaaatcaagctcgattacattaaaaacgaaataaaacccctagaaagccaaattacagccttacaagacgaattcaacacgttaaaaagcttatataaaagtcttgtttcttgggtaaatgaaagactacctaaacttgaaaaactacttaccaaagcacttgtaaaagataccacacataaagtcaatgatttacgcattgaattaaataaattcaatataaaaaaggcaaaagcaattgatgacgaattggagcaacaatgggaagaattcaaagaagatttctttttgaaagaaaaaacactttaa
>gene_37881|Rep_1 protein
atgaagagactacgacccaagaagggttctggcaactggcaggacctagcgaccgaaagccccaaagacgcccaatgggacgcccgccggggagccggtgaggatctggcggacttggtgggcggcaggtatgccgaccggctggacggctgcgcgcaatggctcaactttgaacgaaccgtcaaggccgaaaccggggaagccggattgaggttgtcggcggtgatgttctgccagttccggcattgtccggtgtgcgcgtggaggcgttcgcaaatgtggaaagcccggttctttgaagcgttggacgacgcgccccacaccgtcccggagttggaaaaagcggcgtggctgctgctgaccctgaccgtacgaaactgcgaaatctccgacctgcggcaaacgctcaaagcgatgggggagggctggcggcggctgctcaatcggaaagccggaccgatgacccatgttggcggctggattaggacagttgaaatcacgcggggaaaggacggttcagcccatccgcatttccatgtgctgctggcggtgccgccgtcctacttcggaaaacgctacgtccccaagaaggactgggccgaggcgtggcaaaaagccatgcgcctggactatgagccggtggtggacattcggcgggtgaagcccaagggcgagcacaccgcgccagcggtggcggcggccgaggtgctgaaatacgccacgaaggccggcgacctgctggccgatcgagattgggcgttggagttgtttcggcagacccaccgaacccgagccatcgccagcgggggctggctgaaagacgccctgcgggaggacgaggaaagccaagccgacctgctggaaggggagggcgaccacgacgagggcgaagccgtcggcggggttgtccggttcgactggcacgggggaccggtcaggaaataccggcgcccgcgttag
>gene_32681|Replication initiation protein REP
atgcatgaacagtatagcaaaaagaaaaaaaataatcaagacctaagtttacaagagaagctgaaaaagcttggcagaaaaaccgaagccgggaagcgaaccttagagtatctacgcaccagagtaagcccccagcgttgggaggaaatatcccaatgcggaaacctactaacattcctgcaagacaagagccgggaaaaatccaaactagaaaccgggtatttttgcaagcaccgcttttgtccgggctgcgcttggcgaaaagcccggcgagaagctgcatgcattgcaactattctccgggcggtttctgatgatggctatacaccgatatttgtcacgcttacaagtgtaaactgtgcagcagaggacttggagagcgagattgatagataccgcaaagcatataatcgtttgttggctctcaagcggtataaagtccttgtaggcggcatccgtaaactggaggttacctacaatagccagtcggatacatatcacccccatttgcatctaatctgggtagtatcatccggatactgggaaaatggctatattagagccgcacagctgcggcgggattggcagaaggtgtatggtgataaccgcatatctcaagtaaatatgcaagccatcacaaatgccgatgatagtgcgttagagatgggcaagtatgcagcaaaatccgctgactataacgatagtcaaagcgtattcgatacgttttacgatgcactaagcggtaaacgtttaattacatataccggcttgtgtcgcaaactcagacaagcttataagcttggagggctgcaagcctatcaagaagtcgatgccacgaaatatatctatcggctgctgtttgcgtggagtgcggggaaatatgaattaaccgaaacgcagctactagatcagccgcttgatttcaaatacagctgggaggtggatagctatgaggactaa
>gene_2955|Chromosomal replication initiator protein DnaA
ttcgtcgtcggtcagtcgaaccgctttgcgcacgctgccagcgtagctgtagccaacgagccgggcgaggcatacaatcccttatttatctacggcggcgtaggtcttggaaaaacccacctgatgaacgccatcgcaaacgctataaaagaacggaatcccgacagcaagattatcctgacgacctccgaaaacttcacaaccgaagtcatcgaggccattgcacgcaaaaaaaccatggaactgagaaaccgcatgcgcacggtggacgttctcatgatcgacgatattcagtttatctccaacaagcaggccacgcaggaggaatttttccataccttcaacgccctttttgaaaaaaagaagcagatcgtcatttcctccgaccgtccgccgaatgaaatcgccgcgctggaagaacgaatcaaatcccgcttcatgagcggcctgattgccgacgtgggcaagccggattttgaaacgcgcgtagccattctccttcacaaagccgagatggaaaaccttgacattgatcttgaatccatcgcttatatcgctgagcgcatcgacaccaacatccgagagctggaaggcagcctcaaccgtgtgaaagcgatagccgacattgaaaagtccgccatcagcataggccttgtgaaaaattcgcttcagaatcttgtgaaggtgcgcgatgaaaagcgcatcaccaccgaacgaatcatggatgaagtagcaaaatatttccatatcacgcgtgccgacatcctttccgaccgccgttccagagacgtcgccatccccagacagcttgcaatctacttaacccgtgaaatgaccggtgcatccaccacaaaaatcggcgtcgatttcggacgcgaccatgcgacaatcatgcatgcgtgcaaaaaaatgctggaaacaatcgaaaaggacgatgctttttccgcacgcggtatgtaa
>gene_54497|Site-specific tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgagcaagtcgatagagcaacaattgaactatgcgatttacgataactttgcgaaaggagaatctaagcatagttataaaatcgccaacggcggagacctaggagcgaaaattttttcttattcacaagtgaaccagatgaaagatttggctcataattttggttcatttatgaaacaaaattatccagaaatcaagtacgttaaggacataaattcgagccaaatcgaagcttttttgagagaaaaatcaagctcttgcaagacatcaacgctcaacagatatatgtcgaattttgacaaattagagcgttgttgtaaggaaacttatccaagttttcgcagtagtttcgctgtcgacaggagagccgttcggctcgaaaatgagcgtctgaatccagatgcttcggcgaaattacgaacgctcacaatgtcgaatacagactataaaaagctcatggagtttggcagaaactgtgattcgaagcgagcattagacgtctgttatcactttggattgcgttcagaagaagtctgtgagcttcgatatagagacattttgagtggaaattctttgacggtggaacacggaaaaggagataaggagcgtacgattttggcagattctaacgctcaaaagggatgtattcagaagcttttggctatccaaaaagaaaagaatctgagtccagacgataaaatatttcacgtcaaaaaggactcagtaaacaattatttacaaacgaatttgaacaaattaggcatcgagaaatataaagatgcaaagactggaatccactcaattagaaagaattatgcgacaagaagctattacgaattgagggataaaggactgaatcacgagaccgcatggggtcgagtatcagagaatttaggacacggatatcaacgaacagaactttttaaagtatacgttggtagtcgttcagacctcgaataa
>gene_35185|Mobilization protein
atggcatacgcaatcatgcgggcaaagaagctcgccaacatggggtcagtggcggcctcgatgcagcattgctaccgggagcgcgagactcacaatgctgaccaggagcgcacacccaacaatcagcacctgggcgcgaaaaccacggatgaggcgatgggcaaattgcgggctttgctgccagagaaacggcgcaaagacgcggttttggccgtcgaatacgtgatgacagccagccctgagtggttcgctaaggcgacaccagaacaggaaaaggcgttcttccagcgatcccttcaatggctggccgacaagtacggagcggatcgcatcgtcacagccagcattcaccgggacgaagccacgccgcacctgtccgctttcgtggtaccgctgacgcaggacaagcggctgagcgcgaaggagttcatcggcagtcgggacaagatgcgtgcagaccagaccagttatgccggctgtgttgctgatttgggcctcgatcgcgggatcgaaggcagcaaagccacacaccagacgattcagcagcactacacggcgctagaacgtggcgttgcgccgctggtaacgatcagcccgactgctgtggaaccacgggttttgcgcaaagggctgttttccaacgatgtcgagacgccagaggtggtggctcagcgattgactaaagcggttaacgaagggttcgcagggacgattgcgacggcctctacagcgcttcaggagcgtcgtagagccaaagagctgcaagatacggccaacgacctcagaaagcagctcgaaggcatacaggcgcctttcaaggggcttaccaaggaccaagtgacccaagtactgagggtggccatgacatttcaggtcgagaatgccaaggccaaggagcaggcgaaggcgatcaaccgcgataagcccatgagcaggccagagcgcgggcaatcacgttga
>gene_14778|protein rep, partial
ttggctggttcccgccaaattagttatggtgggttactgaaagaaattcgcaaacagttgcaattggaagacgttgaaaatggtgatttgattaatacggatagtgatgatcaaaaggttgatcaagtggtgcgtgagattgttgctaaatgggattatcagcgtaagaattattttgtatggtaa
>gene_14779|Replication protein
ttggctgatagaaaagttttagttgatcgatcgcagtcgggaaaagtacgaccatggcgagaacataagttagagaatttacagtatggtgattatttacaaatgttgcactataagaaatcccatcgagttaaagagtgtggtgaagtattacgttttgtggaagataaaaatggtcacaaaaaattggctcagacttggttttgccattcccgtttgtgtccgttatgtaattggcggcggtcaatgaaacaatctaaccagttaactcaaattttgacagaagcagttaaacagcgaaaaacgggtcggttcttgtttttaacgttgacggtgaagaatactacaggggatttgttgaagagtgagttacggcagatgggacgagccattgcaaagatctttcagtataaaaaagtggctaaaaatttgttgggttatgtacgttcaactgaggttaccattaatcacgaagcagatcagccgatgtatcaccaccatatgcatgttttgctttttatgaaatcgagttattttacaggaactgataattatatttcacaagcggaatggaccgggtattggcaacgagcgatgaaattagattatgtgccggttgtgaatgttgaagcggttaaaccgaatgtgaaacgccagaaaaattccttgctggctagtgcccaagaaacggctaaatatcaggtaaagtccaaagatattttaactaataatcaagaacaagatctacaagtaattgatgatttggaacaa
>gene_33986|Replication protein
ttgtttttaacgttgacggtgaagaatactacaggggatttgttgaagagtgagttacggcagatgggacgagccattgcaaagatctttcagtataaaaaagtggctaaaaatttgttgggttatgtacgttcaactgaggttaccattaatcacgaagcagatcagccgatgtatcaccaccatatgcatgttttgctttttatgaaatcgagttattttacaggaactgataattatatttcacaagcggaatggaccgggtattggcaacgagcgatgaaattagattatgtgccggttgtgaatgttgaagcggttaaaccgaatgtgaaacgccagaaaaattccttgctggctagtgcccaagaaacggctaaatatcaggtaaagtccaaagatattttaactaataatcaagaacaagatctacaagtaattgatgatttggaacaagctttggctggttcccgccaaattagttatggtgggttactgaaagaaattcgcaaacagttgcaattggaagacgttgaaaatggtgatttgattaatacggatagtgatgatcaaaaggttgatcaagtggtgcgtgagattgttgctaaatgggattatcagcgtaagaattattttgtatggtaa
>gene_17959|Plasmid replication initiation protein
ttggctgatagaaaagttttagttgatcgatcgcagtcgggaaaagtacgaccatggcgagaacataagttagagaatttacagtatggtgattatttacaaatgttgcactataagaaatcccatcgagttaaagagtgtggtgaagtattacgttttgtggaagataaaaatggtcacaaaaaattggctcagacttggttttgccattcccgtttgtgtccgttatgtaattggcggcggtcaatgaaacaatctaaccagttaactcaaattttgacagaagcagttaaacagcgaaaaacgggtcggttcttgtttttaacgttgacggtgaagaatactacaggggatttgttgaagagtgagttacggcagatgggacgagccattgcaaagatctttcagtataaaaaagtggctaaaaatttgttgggttatgtacgttcaactgaggttaccattaatcacgaagcagatcagccgatgtatcaccaccatatgcatgttttgctttttatgaaatcgagttattttacaggaactgataattatatttcacaagcggaatggaccgggtattggcaacgagcgatgaaattagattatgtgccggttgtgaatgttgaagcggttaaaccgaatgtgaaacgccagaaaaattccttgctggctagtgcccaagaaacggctaaatatcaggtaaagtccaaagatattttaactaataatcaagaacaagatctacaagtaattgatgatttggaacaagctttggctggttcccgccaaattagttatggtgggttactgaaagaaattcgcaaacagttgcaattggaagacgttgaaaatggtgatttgattaatacggatagtgatgatcaaaaggttgatcaagtggtgcgtgagattgttgctaaatgggattatcagcgtaagaattattttgtatggtaa
>gene_57231|RepA protein
ttgaagcccctttatttagattctaccacaggcgaggtcttctgtcaagaggacatcgaactgcaggatggcaaaagaaattggaaggagcgcaagcagatgtcattgaacgttgccaaactcatgcggcagtatgatcgggaacgcgcattgaaaatcgaacagtgcggcacctatttggaattcgccatagcgaacgagggcaagaaattgcacaaggcaaatttctgccgcgagaggatgtgtccgatgtgccagtggcggcgaacgatcaagctccgcgtacaggcggataagatctatgcagccgaatcggcgcggggatatcagcatatctttgtcacgctgactatgcggaacatgtccggtgacgatctgtccagcgcgctcgatcagatgtgtgcagcgttcgccaagtggacgcgtcataaagcgtttaagacgtcgttcgtcggctattaccgcgccatcgaggtcacgtataacgcgaccgagaatacataccatccgcaccttcatgtcatgctgaccgtgccggacgagtatttccgcccggagaatccggattactggacgcatgaccggatcatggcgacatggcggcagctgcttcagcttgactatgatccgacggttcacgtcgaaggtgtccggccgaaggacggacagacgattacggctgcgtgcgtcgagctgtgcaagtatccgacgaagacgcaggagctgcgcagcagcgccgtcttggagaccatcgactatgcgctcagaggtcgccgtctgatccagtggggcggtctgactgcggatatcagacgcgagcttcagctcgacgacgttgagaccggcaatctgatccacgcggaagaggcgaccgccgacggcgtcgaccttccgactgtggtctacgtctggcggcatggcttttattgcccgatggacctcaagccggcggcgacctga
>gene_51986|Replication initiation factor family
atgacggcaagaacaaaggttgattacttccgaatcaggacacaaagcagccctatcgctgtctttactgcctttagaaagtacctgaaaagccctgatgcctgggtgctgatgccacccgaaagaggtgtggacggatgggaagaacggcgggcgttttatctcaaaggccagcagcctttagcctgggttgactacgggggggaatctcagcgcggttgggttcggctaactgttgcagggtcgggctgcgactatgtcgcagactgggccggggttgtagaactgtccaagtctctcgatgcctgcaccatcaggagaattgatctagcgcttgaccttttcgacggttctgccactcatgaaagcatcctggctgctcatgaatccgggcgcttcaaacgttttgagggtgggcggaatccaaagatgaaaaaaatcgaaggaagctgcaaaaccgacgggagaaccgtttacatcggagctcgtgcatcgtccagattcattcgctgctacgaaaaaggctggcagctttgcggcaagtttccagaaaacttcaaa
>gene_29282|Mobilization protein
atggcaaatattagaaaacttccaaaattgaaaaagactttggaaaatgaatttgatagaagtgaaatgacacaagaagaactagaacattattatttcaaaaataatgtaaataaggcaaaaacacacttaaattacaaaatgatagaaactacaaaatcacttcaagaactacaagaagaaagaatgaaaggtgtttttaggctaaatagaagtgatgttgtagaaagtttttctattgtttgtactctccctagtgatagagaatacaccaaagaagaacaagaagaattttttcaaaaatcatttgaatttgttcaacaacaatttggacaagaaaatgtcctacaaggatatgtccatttagatgaaacaacaccacacttgcattgtgttgtacttcctattgttgaatgtgatatggacaagaaaagtattcattatgatgaaaaactttcttgcaaagaagttttaacaccaaaattatttagagattttcacactaactaccaacactatttagatgatgaactttcatttgaaactagaatagttagtgaagcattagaatactttgaaggacttccaacaaaagaaagtaaagatataaaatctctaaaaaatgaagaaaagaaaagtagtttcgacaaaattcgacaactctatgtagaagaagtagatgtaaataataaaataattgatgaacatttcaaagtagtagcacaaatggaagaaaaacaacaaaaactaataaaaacctacgaaaacaaacaacaagaagtaacaaattcttataatgaattacaagaaaaatataatgcactctatgagttcacttctcaagtagtaaatgaaaatgaatttgtgaaaggttatttagaagatagagaactctatgaagatttaaaagactatcaagaagaactagaaagaaagggcgatagttttggtcttggttga
>gene_53058|Plasmid replication-like protein
atgaaatatcctattagttcttttaagactgttgaggtaatgcaagaaatggaaagaggctttaccttgcatcttgtaagtgaggtagtggctgaatggtcaagccttaaagattacgcctatattttgcacgataaagacgaaacacgcccccacatacatctgcttatgcgttttaatggctctgttccaacatctgcaattataaataagttcggtggcgttgttgagtttgagcatcttcaaaagtgccattcctggaaaggtgctatggcttatcttacgcatcgtaatagaccgaataaacatcaatacgatgatatagaagtttatagcaatttcgactggaaaaaagatgctgatgatgctcttaatagcgataaggcgaaaatagaggctctggctgaaaaaatcgcctctggtgagtgtagaccattcaactatacaaattatgttacagatgtgttctattcctcttataagcgtaaaatagacgctctgtttcagtataaatatgatgctcttgcatacgaaaataaaggagatagaaatatggaattgatgtatatttatggtggctctggtactggtaaaacaacttttgcaaaattttattgcgataaactcggactgtcttattatgtgtcctctggtggtaaaaatcctcttgataactatggcggtcaagatgtgattattttagacgatttacgccccagtgattataaattcaatgagtttttgaaattaactgataatcatacaagttcaatggtttcttgtaggtactacaataaatcgcttgtatggtgtaaacttatgataatcacatcaccgctgaaaattgaggacttttactccaatatgcaagagagtgatggagaacaagcgaaacagttaaaaagacgatttacagaggttgtctgtgttacaaaagataccatcacgacatatacc
>gene_34439|Replication protein
gtggacaacctgcacgggtggcaggtgcagcgggcagccgctgaccgtgtagccaaggccgccgcggcagcgggctaccaagcacacgcacagcgcatgcgggattgcgggcatctgctgggcggcgagtattgcccacactgcgggcgggtgcatatcacgcggggcaatagctgccgggtgcggctgtgcccaatctgcggatggcgccttacagccaagctatacacccagctgacggaggagctcgcggagctacaacaccgctacccggcagctgagtatatctggctgaccctgacgctgcgcaatggcacagacccggcggcgctgcgagaggacatgcggcgcatggccgccgcgtggacaagcatagcgcggaggcgcaccacgcaacgatggttaattggggccgtgcgtaagagcgagctcaagcttgccaaggatggccgcacctacaaccagcatatccacgtgctagcggcggtgcatccaatctattggacggggcactgctatatctcacgtgaccgctgggcggccatgtggcgtgaggcagcgcacgcagactatacgcccaacgtggacgtgcgcaaggtgcgtggtgatgccacgggggccgcggaggtagcgacctatgcggtaaaaccccaagacctagtcacccggcgcaagtccctgcgggcacaggcacgcgcatatgacgtgatggccaccacgctacgggggttgcgcctctatggatggtcaggcgagtggcggtcaatcaggcgcgatttggcccacggcgacgtagataccatgtcgctggacgatattacggagggccgctgtatcacatgcggcacaccgctggagcaggccatgctgcgcatgtcacggcaagattatgaggtgcagtcaatcatagctgctgggcgagaggtgtacagacggggggcatcagatgatggagattaa
>gene_41126|Replication protein
gtgtctaattctaaatcattttctgacaaaagtcaaattgaagtgaatgaggcttttctgcctcgtaaactatcttctctgaaacttgctgacgcttatgaattactggaagaggattcccgctcttttcgtgtccgtcagtgtggttctacccttgaatttcattccacagaaacagaaacaaagttacactatgcgaatttctgtaaagataggctttgccctatgtgtaactggagacgttcaaaaaaaatcttctctcaattaagccgtgttatggatgttttgcagaaagacggttatgtttttctctttctaactcttacggttaaaaattgtgatttccatgacctgtccgaaactttgaatgttcttctcggcgggtggaaaaaacttttagagaaatttcgttataaacgctataactctattttaggttctttccgtactatcgaaattactgtcaatgaggatacctgctcttttcatcctcacattcattctgttttagcggttcggtctgattacttcaagggtggtaattacatatctcagaaacaattcaccgaactttggcaagactgctgcgatttggactataatcccatagttcatgtagaaaaggtcaaggctggccgtatggatcctgacggtctttcttttaattctgctgtaaaagagttaactcattatgttgctaagggttctgattatcttaaaggtgatttcgatgaagtctgtcttcgtgtccaatatcttttagattctcttttaggccgtcggcttgtctctatgactggagtttttcgtgatgtgtctaaaaaactttctcttgatgatatggaagacggtgaccttattcatactgacggtgaagaaatccgtcccgatgtttcaacagttattacccgttataagtgggtgtctggtctcaagaattatagtattttggaggtttga
>gene_22031|Site-specific recombinase XerD
ttggtcgtgaaaggagtaaaaatcatgggcaaaaccatcgcatatcaaatcgaccaggccctggaggacagctttgtgccgggcgcatccaagcgcagctacagggcggagcatggcgacacaggcgaaaaaatattttatgggccgaccaagacagacctgcataagacggcaaagatttttggtcgctggatcaaggtagcgcacccggacgtgcgcctgatccgcgacatacggccccagcacctgcagcagtttatagacagcagggccgggcaggtgtcccctgcccggctccggacagatgccagtaacatacgcaagatctgtcgctgctgcgacgcaaagtaccgtacccagctttccaccgccccggtcgtggctccggctgttcctgcagatgcggccgtgcggaccagatccatggaccggcagcaggccctggacgtgatcgcccggcttaaagccgggcgcggcgatacctggaaggccgtgaccatatccctgtgcacggggctgcgggagacggagtcctgtaatttacattctgggcac
>gene_5731|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atgggcaaaaccatcgcatatcaaatcgaccaggccctggaggacagctttgtgccgggcgcatccaagcgcagctacagggcggagcatggcgacacaggcgaaaaaatattttatgggccgaccaagacagacctgcataagacggcaaagatttttggtcgctggatcaaggtagcgcacccggacgtgcgcctgatccgcgacatacggccccagcacctgcagcagtttatagacagcagggccgggcaggtgtcccctgcccggctccggacagatgccagtaacatacgcaagatctgtcgctgctgcgacgcaaagtaccgtacccagctttccaccgccccggtcgtggctccggctgttcctgcagatgcggccgtgcggaccagatccatggaccggcagcaggccctggacgtgatcgcccggcttaaagccgggcgcggcgatacctggaaggccgtgaccatatccctgtgcacggggctgcgggagacggagtcctgtaatttacattctgggcacgtacatctgaccgggggagagtacggctacggctacgtcactgtaacccgggaggaccgtcctaaacatggccgggagcgtgtcgtgcatttgatcagcgcagaggacagggacctgctggcccagctgatccggggcctgcagccgggcgacgtgattgccgcccatggcggcaaggtctacagatccggcagcgtggcccgggccataggccgggtctgtccagacggcgagatggcccagaacaggctgcatgccatacgcaagggttttgcccaacgttgctatgacctcgtccgggcagagacctcaggccggggacaggccgtcagccgaggggaagccctggccttcgttaaccggcagctgggtcacggcaggagcaacgatgcggttctgaacaatcgttacgttgccgatcagtggtag
>gene_20622|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggccaaaactattgcctaccaaatcgaccaagcacttgagagcagttttataaagggcgggagtaagcgcagttaccgtgcggagcacggtgatacgggagataaaattttttatggcccgacgaaatcagacttgcatatcacaggcaaaatttttggacgctggctcaaaacgacacacccggacgtgcgcttagtccgtgacatacagccccagcatctgcaagagtttgtagacagccgggtcgggcaggtatctcctgcccggctccggacggatgccagcaatatacgcaaaatctgtcgctgctgcgatgcaaagtaccgcacaaatctctctgccgccccggtcgtggctccggctgtgcctgcagatgcagctgtgcggacaagatccatggatcggcagcaggccctggacgtaatcgcccggctgaaagccgggcgaggcgatgcctggaaggctgtgaccgtatccctttgtacgggtctccgagaaacagaagcatgcaatctccatgccgggcacgtacatctgacggggggagagtacggctacgggtatataactgtgacccgggaggaccgccctaagcacggccgggagcgtgtcgtgcatctgatcagcgcagaggacagggacctgctggctcagctgatccggggcctgcagccgggcgatgtgatcgcagcccatggcggcaaggtctacagatccggcagcgtggcccgggccataggccgggtctgtcccggcgagatggcccagaacaggctgcatgccatacgcaagggctacgctcaaagatgctatgacctcgtccgggcagagacctcaggccggggacaggccgccagtcgaggggaagccttgacctttgttaatacacagctgggtcacggcaggagtaacgaccggattctaaacagtcgctatgttgcggatcagtggtaa
>gene_9065|MobA/MobL family protein
ttggctatatatcattgtcatatatccgtaataggtggagggcgttcagccgttgccgccgccgcatatagagcaggggaaaagctcaatgaaaaagagagcggaaaagtgcaagactacacccacaaacagggcgtagtatatcagcgcgttttacttcccgaaaacgccccgaaggaatacgaggatagggaaacactttggaacaaagtgcaggaggcagagagccacaaccacagcaaaaaaggcgcgcaacttgcgcgggagttagaagtagccctgccgatagaaatgagcagggaacagcagatagaagcccttgagagcttcatcgaggagaactttacatcaaagggcatgatagccgaccttgcattacatgacaaaggacagccacacgcccatatcatgctgacaatgagggaactggataaggaagggaacttctgcaataaagcgcgggaagtttgggcgaacgatcgcgacgaaaacggaaaggcgatatacaatccagaaaagccctgctacgacccacagaacaaagccgaaaccgagcaataccgcatcccgaaactggacgagcatggaaagcaaaaagtaagagagcgcaaaggtaagggacaggaaaagctttgggagaaagtaaggcaggatacaaacgactggaacagcaaagccaacgccgaacaatggcgggagaactgggcgaagacctgcaaccgctatcttgataaagagcatcagatagaccaccggagctacagggagcaggggatagagcgcggcgcgacaatccacgaaggatacgcggcacgagaaatggagcggcgcggcaagacctccgaccgatgcgaaatcaatcggacgataaaagcccttaacaaggaactggacaaggtaagagccgagatgaaagccctcgaccgagggcatactatgagccaatcggcaaaaagccgccttgccgatatcgtaggcaaggatactgccata
>gene_21791|MobA/MobL family protein
ttggctatatatcattgtcatatatccgtaataggtggagggcgttcagccgttgccgccgccgcatatagagcaggggaaaagctcaatgaaaaagagagcggaaaagtgcaagactacacccacaaacagggcgtagtatatcagcgcgttttacttcccgaaaacgccccgaaggaatacgaggatagggaaacactttggaacaaagtgcaggaggcagagagccacaaccacagcaaaaaaggcgcgcaacttgcgcgggagttagaagtagccctgccgatagaaatgagcagggaacagcagatagaagcccttgagagcttcatcgaggagaactttacatcaaagggcatgatagccgaccttgcattacatgacaaaggacagccacacgcccatatcatgctgacaatgagggaactggataaggaagggaacttctgcaataaagcgcgggaagtttgggcgaacgatcgcgacgaaaacggaaaggcgatatacaatccagaaaagccctgctacgacccacagaacaaagccgaaaccgagcaataccgcatcccgaaactggacgagcatggaaagcaaaaagtaagagagcgcaaaggtaagggacaggaaaagctttgggagaaagtaaggcaggatacaaacgactggaacagcaaagccaacgccgaacaatggcgggagaactgggcgaagacctgcaaccgctatcttgataaagagcatcagatagaccaccggagctacagggagcaggggatagagcgcggcgcgacaatccacgaaggatacgcggcacgagaaatggagcggcgcggcaagacctccgaccgatgcgaaatcaatcggacgataaaagcccttaacaaggaactggacaaggtaagagccgagatgaaagccctcgaccgagggcatactatgagccaatcggcaaaaagccgccttgccgatatcgtaggcaaggatactgccataactggaggatttaattatacaggcggaggcaacgacaaaggcggcgaacgctgggatttgatgaccgagcagaggaaggacgaaatccgcgccaagaacgcaacccgcgatgactacggcgacgaagaaaaatccttaatgtccgattggaagcctaagcaaatgccgatagaggaacacgcgccgagcatcttcgacttgctgaaaggagaggaagacgatgaacgaggacgaaatgaggaacgtggatccggacgacgaaccggaggacgaactgaccgagcaaatgatagcagccatagcggacctcaaaagccaattccaacaagcgctatcacacatggcatcagcacagcaaagagaactatcgagcaaggacgagaccatctcctctctttcctcgcagatatcgatattagaatcgaaagtgctgagcttgaccgaaaagatagagcagttgaacaaagccgacttagtgctgaaagagaacggcttgctaagggacgagataagaaggcaaaaggaaagcaacgagaggatacagggcttgttaggacacgctaa
>gene_34003|replication protein
atggcaaatgaattaacagttttaaaggctaatagttttgttgaagcgagttatcagatgacgcttgatgaaatgagagtgctgtctttaacgcttggtgtatttgacccaactaatccaaaacgaggatttgatttaacagtttcggatttttgtgaaaatttccctgatgtaaatcctgatattgcgtatgctcaagtacaaaaagctatactaaaaatctcaaagcgagatatggttctgagagatgatgaaaaaatgtttgttgccgttccttttgttacgaaaagggtctatttcaaaaaagaaggacgtttttacattgaatttcacgaagatttaatgccgtatattgcaaacttaaagagccgatatacaaagtatgaattagtaaatatcggcgcattcacaagtactcatacgattagattttacgagttattttcgcaatatagagttgctggagagcgaaaaattaaaatagatgatttaaaaaattggctacaagtttcagataaatactcaatttatgcggatttccgaaagtgggttctggaacctgcgttagctgaaattaacgaaaaatctgatctactcgtatcatacgaacctgtgaaacgtggtcgtaaaattacggaattacatttcaaaatcaaggttaaaaaatccaaattaacgccgccaaaatacccacctcgcccacaagttaaagctggaacacacgaagagggcttgtatttccgtgattgtattgctcgatttaaagcgtggtacaaagaaaatgaattaacccttgctgatttatccgatgaagtgctgaaacagcactataagcacgtcagaccgcttggcgatgaatgggcttataaaccattgctcgatgaattgcagcgacgtggaatatcggcaagttatgatagctatcataacaaaattacatttggaaaaatggggtcataa
>gene_5181|Replication initiation factor family protein
atgttaacttataatcagcttacgttagattggttatcgtggtctttcgataccgatacatatcagacaacaaagataaacaagttctttagcgtctttccggaacttcatataaaagatatgtactcaaagcaagtttatagtcattatgaaaaggctttttacttgacagaggatattatcatatattatgattcagaagatggtcaaaataaaggtgttaacgtttctgttcctagtcatgggttagagtggctttttaagcagttcaacgtatcttgtgtttcagatatgttgcgtcttatcatttcccgtggtggtaaaatatcccggttagactttgcttttgatgattattctaaaacgttctatccgctccaatattttatctggtggcagaatggacaatttaaaagtaagtttagagttgctcactttgatcatggtgcagatggtggcactactttcgctctgggtaatcgtgctggactcaaatatttgagaatctatgataaagaaatagaatctcaaggtcaaattaatgctattcggtatgagtttgaatttcattcctataccgctaatgccctggcggatgcaatagcaaataatcagactttttcgtttattgattttatatgcagcatgttcaagataatcgaaaatacaggtaaatctaaaaaatgtcgtgagaatatactccaagaatggtttgattgggttcataatctcaagtttaacgaagaaattagtaagattcctactggtttacaaggtaaaacaattgaaaaatctgtggtttggtttgaaatttactgtgcaaagactttggctaaaatgttctatctttttggaaaagattatgtaatagatataggtaaaacagcttttaataaactttcgccgatcgagcttgaaaaagtaatttcggctaaagaatataaatataaggagaactaa
>gene_18302|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaag
>gene_16844|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_16093|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_33|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_34768|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_26725|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagcta
>gene_53970|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_37363|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_35274|Initiator Replication family protein (Fragment)
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgcca
>gene_34162|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_19197|Plasmid replication initiation protein
tgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_45021|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctc
>gene_40137|Plasmid replication initiation protein
atgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_49382|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_2318|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagtccttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_52334|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_35270|Initiator Replication family protein (Fragment)
ctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_7582|Replication protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggttt
>gene_38020|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_53395|Initiator RepB protein
atggcatcagaggaaaagagaaacgagcttatccgtcaaggaaatccattgacagaagcaagatacaaattcactccaaccgagaaaaatgctttcttggttgtagtgaagaatgtccgtaagaactacgtagaaagagaaccaccttgcacagagttcgagaacatgagggttaaaatcaccacaaaagacttgaatcttatacgagacgaagaccacacgaaagaagcaaagaaagctttaagaagtcttcgagacaagaccattgaaatggaggataaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggctttatcaatcaagccaaatacatagcaaaggaaaaagtctatgaggttgaggtaagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtagagttatctcgccactacacagagtattccctcattgttgccatttccctcaaaagcatatattcacaacgcttttatgagctatgctgccaatacagaaacatggggaaatttggcaagacagttgaccagctaaaacagatgttttgccttgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttgttcaagcaaaaggtcataaatgttgcacaaaaagagttgaaggcagcctatgaagagaaccaatgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggtcgaggagaaaaagcacacttcgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaaccaacagaagcagaaggaagcagctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcatttttctccgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtatatcgagagagttgccaagcagcttgaacttgagatagacaaagtgacccctatctatcacaaattacttgagctacaaaaggacttctctggtccttctcttgcaaagatggctcgatggatattgaaaacagactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_21162|replicative protein
atgattggaggtgatgaatacatgcatgtccagtatgaaaagaatggatcacaacttccacaaatcggagctacatctatttccagacaaggaaatgtaacagaaatcattgagtatctgaaaaagcctatgcctccgaaaatcacaaagctctccaatgatctatacatggatgaatacggagaagtccatgagtttcagcattccgataacagatcacagaacctttgcggagtccgcaagactcttaaagagttgcgatccatcatcaatgcaaactgtaccgatccggagaactgcattttctggactctcacatatcgggaaaacatgcaggatcataaacggttgtacagtgatttcgatgcatacaagaaaaggctccaacgttactttgcctcaaaaggtatagttcggcctgagtatatcgcagtttcagaaccgcagaaccgtggtgcatggcatcttcacattttgttcctgtggcctcagaaacgccccagaattgaattttcagaagttattcccctctggccttacggaagtactcgcgttgaatacgtccgtaactgtgacaacatgggagcgtatttctgtgcatacctcgcagatcttccgcttgaggatctccaaagcgttccggatcaggaaagaagcgagatgcagaactgtgaaatcgtggaaaaagaaattcctgacccattggatcaggaaaagaccatcaagaagaaattcgtcaaaggcgcacgtctattctggtatcccccaggaatgaatctttaccgcacatcacgtggtattgtcagacctgaaaaatactggtctcctgcactcaccgaaaaagaaaaagccagctatggccagctgacttattct
>gene_5088|Mob protein
atgggatacgccattctccggacgcagaagctgaaatcacccgtcgccatacgacggtcgatgaagcacgcgttccgggaacaggagacccccaacgccgacagcgagcgaacgccggacaacacccaccacggcgcgcagtcagccgaggaagggttggccaaggtcgccgcattgctgcccgagaagcggcgcagcgatgccgtcctgtgcgtcgagtacctcgtgacagccagcccagaggccatggcgggcaagagtcgagccgagcaggacgcctacctccaggacgccctgaaatggattcaggagcgccacggggccgagaacgtcgtctatgcgggcatccaccgcgacgaacgcacgccgcacctctacgcctacgccgtgccgctggacgccgacacgggccgcctcaacgccaagaagtggctgggtggccctcgggcgctgtcgcagatgcagaccgacttcgccgacaacgtgggcaaggctcacgggctcgaacgcggaatcgagggcagcaaggcgcggcacaccgccgtgcgcgactggtacgcccagatcggccgcactgagccgatgccgtccatagatgtgcctgagccgggaattgtcgatcgcgtgaacccacgggcctacggtgagcgtgtcgcaaaggccgtggtggcccagctacagcccgagcgggccaacatgcaggccaaggccgcaacggccaccagtgaccgccagaaggccatcagcgcccaggcaaccgccgatgacctgggcaagcggctgaagcattcccagggcgaagcggccaagctcatgcagccgttcaaggggctgacgcgggagcaggtgcaggccgtcattggcaaggctgccgagttccagcgggagaacgcagctaagcgggcgcagcagcaggacaggcaacgccctgcacgcgatggcggcctagagcggtag
>gene_40797|43 kDa relaxation protein
gtggcgatataccatctcacggcctcaaaagggcaacaaggcaagcagtcggcccgggcgaaattcgcctacattgaccgactggggaaataccaaaagccggacagggtggcgggaggttcgggcaacatgcccgcatgggccgacacccccgccgcctattggcaagcagctgacaaattcgagcgggccaatggacggctattccgctcctacgaatttgcgctgccgaaagaactgacccaagaagccaggggagaacttgccgccactttctgcgcgcggatcgcgaacagccaggaagggccattgccctattcctttgccgttcacgatggcgcagagggcgagaacccccattgccatttgattgtgtccgagcgggtcaatgacggcattgcccgcaccgctgacacatggttcaaacgcgcaaacaagaaagccccagagaaagggggagcggtcaaggccgagagcctagaacgcaaggaacggctttttgaaatccgcaaggaatgggccgaccttgtgaaccagacccttgagcaagcgggcattcccgacaggatagaccaccgcacccttgccgcacagggtatagaccgcccgccgcaactccatattggcccgcatgtgctagagatggaggccaagggcataatcacagacaaaggaacgaaagcaaatgaacgctatcgagagattgagagaggcgaggaacttgcccgcactggcagagcagatagagccattagcgcagagcatggccgctctagcggacgaggcgagcacgaccatgagggaaatcaaacgcacctcgaccgaggccgtggaggaattcagaacggtattgaaaccgctcaagacctttcggctgaaattctgtctggcagtcggttcgacagccttgataactgcgataatagtgccatgcgcattatcgctcttgcagacccactacggaacagaagccttgagagccgagatagcggaattgagggagcagataaaggacaagcccgaattggagcggcaggccaagctatggcagagcatggaaagcaatctcaagaacatggacgaggacagcaaggccctcttgcagaagctggccacgaagcaaatcacagcaaaggacttgaaaaggccgaccgaaccaccgaagcagtcaaaaaccaagtgagggccatgggctgtgcccgttttgaaataggcgtcaggaatgacaagggcatgatgaaccgagaatacaccgccgaggaagtgataaaggccgtgccgtggctcaaacgaatgaacgcccaagggaatgatatttacattcggcccgcccgtgatgagcagtctgcccttgtcctactggacgacctagagccaatcacgattgaggaaatgagggagcaggggcttgcccctgccgccataatcgaaacgagccataagaattgccaagcatgggtaaaactaggcaaggaaacgctcacagacgccttgagaggcgatatagccaagcacttggccaaagaatggggagcagaccccgcaagcgcagagagccggcattatggccggttggcgggctttaccaaccggaaggaaaagcacctcacacaaaggggcttcccctttgtgctatgccgtgccagttccggcgaaatcgccaagcatgggccgaagctgatagcagaccgccagaaagcccttgaagcggcagaacaggcccgacagttagagaaagccgccatagagcaggcgcagatccgcatacaggctatccaaagagagccgagaaaccttgaatacttcggacgggacaaccccgacagggtttacaagcgatacatggagcaatggcttgccaagcaagagggcaagccagactggagcaagggcgattatgccaccgcttgccgaatgctcaaagaaggtactagggccgacgaaattgcacaggccatggcggagcatagtccaggcattgacctacgcaagcacggaaagggcttggaatacgctcaaaggacggtcgaagccgcccaaaaaagcaaggaagtggttgattttctggcagagaaggccagaaagaggcaagaacaggagcgaaatcgccaacagcgacccttgagccgtatgagataa
>gene_45177|Replication protein
cccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggtgttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctcatga
>gene_48297|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_17898|Replication protein
ttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_37683|Replication protein Rep
gatccaagcgagggattcatggaggtattcaaatacgccgtgaagttctccgacctcactctggaagacaactggcacgctgctcagatactcaagggcaaacgccttttgaacagcttcggcctgttccgtggtgtcgatattcccgattcgctcttggacgaaccgctagacgagctgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggtgaatatcaattcacgggcgaaagcccgaaaccgagaagctga
>gene_53579|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_54878|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_35345|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_42846|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_35633|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_37159|replication protein
ctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_15243|Replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_32623|replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaggcgctgcaatcttggcggagagtgcgcatacaggggtcgatgaagcagagcttcttggcgaaagaatagcacgctacggccaggctcatgcaaggtcgctgatgatgcttgagcaccttcggggcgctccatctcaggcgtctacgaaaactgccgcaggactcgccagttgcggtaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaa
>gene_34331|Replication protein Rep
atgttggagcacctcagaggtgttcagtcccacggagctatcaagacagccgccggcctcgccagctgcggcaactacctgcacttccgggagtacttcactgtgggcaaggtacgtctgcataacgccacgttctgcaagcagcacctcgtttgccctctctgtgcgatccggcgcggagccaaggcgctaggggcttacttgacccgttggcaggttattcagcaagagcggccagagctgcggccctacctgctcaccctcacggtgaagaacggcccagaccttgaggagcgtcaagcgcacctcaccaagtcgcttcgcaagctcttggataagcgccgcaatttcaacgctggctcacgtggccacccttggacagagctgtgcaaggctcaaggggccgtctacacgcttgagctgaccaacaagggcaacgggtggcacccgcactgccacatgatcgtcttggcgtcctcacagccctctcagagcgatttaagcgctgaatggttacggatcactggcgacagcatgatcgttgattgcaggccaatcacaggcgatccaagcgaggggttcatggaggtattcaaatacgccgtgaagttctccgacctcactctggaagacaactggcacgcagcccagatactcaagggcaaacgcctgttgaacagctttggcctgttccgtggtgtcgaaatccctgattcgctcttggacgaaccactggacgagctgccctattgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaattcactggagaggctccaaagagccgggagaaccgttga
>gene_2225|Replication protein
gtgggcaaggtacgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctggtctgcccgctctgcgccattcgccgtggggccaaggcactgggcgcttatctcacacgctggcaggtcatccaggaacaacactcagagttgcgtccctacctggtcactctcaccgtgaaaaacggtgatgacctggaagagcgacaagctcacctcaccaagtcccttcgcaagctgatggatcgtcgtcgttacttcaacgcaggtattcgaggcgcaccctacaccgagctttgcaaagctcagggggcggtctacacgcttgagctgacgaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcctcccagccctctcagagcgatttgagcgcggaatggcacaagatcactggcgacagcatgatcgtcgatgtgaggcccattacaggcgatccaagtgaggggttcatggaagtattcaagtacgccgtgaaattctctgatctgaccctggctgataactggcacgccgctcaaatcctcaaaggcaaacgcctgctcaacagcttcggcctgttccgcggcgttgaaatccccgattcgctcctggacgaacctctggacgaattgccctactgggatcgcttctaccgctaccttggcggcgaatatcaatttactggagagtccccaaaggggcgggagagtcgctga
>gene_2137|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcaaatcaaaaaaccacaatatgcaattttccgatttgaaaaaatcagaacttatggcgaatttgcttcagtgcttaaacatgccaacagagaacgagaaacaccgaatgccaattctagtatccagaacgaacaaatcatttcaactcccaatcaagttattcgggagcgttgcgaagctgctcgcaatagaaaagataatgttcttggatatgatctgatttttactgcttcgccagagttcttcgcggaccctgaaatgactactgaaaagttcgaggaatggaagaagcttactattgggtggattgaaaagcaattcagtgctgacaatatcgtcaatatgacagttcattttgacgaaacaactccgcacatttcttgtcaagttctcgctattcacgaagggcaactaaatgccaaacatttcactggtacgaaaatgaaaattagtaaaatgcaagatgactatgccgcagctgtgtcatctttagggttggaaagaggtgttcgaggcagtacggctcgccatgaaagcgtaaaagcttattacgctagagtgaacgaaatcgttccagacaagccgatgaaaactagcgatcttaaattcaccattgatgaaccaagaaggaatcgctttgggatgattaccgaaacccacgaggagtattttaaccgtgcttacactacttatctaaaacccaagattcaagaaattctaaacgaaaatcatagactgtcaaccgaaaacaaaagccttaaacatgaagtttcccattggagatccgcaaggggttggacaaaaaggaaagcagctgctttggagcagctgcgtcaaaaaaatcaagttcaatctataagaatttcaaaaatgcggaaaattgtagaagcttttaattcgttaccggataaagtacgcaactccgtactgactaatgattcccgctcccgatga
>gene_57979|Replication protein, phage-associated
atgtcgtggcagtctgaaaccgtcccccaaaatgcggtgccgcaggcgctgaaattcggcgctgaccgtgccgaatcgcggccgttttctgcgtcgggtgccgctgcttctgctgggggcggagcccctcttggtaatactgcgaaatcggttgaccagatcggagcagatcgggcggcacgggagcgccgcgcgcaggcgttccggctccagcgcacggcggcggcgatcctgccggatgagcgggtggggctgtgccgttgggctgtcgtgtcacggcaggccggggtggacgtgcatcttacggaatatgacggcgggacggtccgcgcgtcatatgcgggcctccagacctgcggcagcgtgtggctctgcccgtgctgcgggcgccggatcagcgagacgaggcggggcgaactaaacgcgctgcttgggtgggcaagagagcgtggactgatcccgatcatggtcacgttgaccgcgcggcacggcatccgcgaccggctgacggctcagctagaagcgatgaaggtcgcgaaacgtaggctgcggcaacgccgggagtggcgagcggtgaaggggcggatcgtgggcacagtgaccgcgaccgaggtcacgcacggacagcacggctggcacacgcattttcacgagatcttcctgatggatgcccctgatgagggcgaggcgctggcgatgctggaaggcatgggcagggtctggcgggcatgtctgctcggcgtcggcctgtccggcggtcgtgtcgcgtggcaggcgcagggggcggcggcggcgggcagctacgtcagtaaatggggggcgggcgaggagatgacgctcggcgatgccaagcgggcgcgtggtaagggccggacgccgctgcaactgctggccgatgcggatgcgggcgacgatgaaggggcggcgctgtggcggacatacgccaaggcgtttaagggccgccgccagctcgtctggtctccgggactgaagacagcggcgggcatagacgagatgagcgacgatgacgccgcgcaagatgaggcgcaggacgatggcaccgccgaggcgctgctgcacatcgagcatggcgactggacggggcggcggggatggcggggcgcccgtcatcgccgcgcccgcgtcttggacgccgccgagacgggcggggcggcggcggcggcggctgtcgcgagggatggcggagaggatcggggattagatcacgatccgggggatctgatcgaggcggatcctatgcgacgagccaagctgccagccggggggctggcagctatggcgctcgcgagaatgccaagccataggcgcggagacgaaggcggagatgacattatcccccctcccccttataaaaggggggataatgtgccctgggagggggtggataacacccacggacagggcggaggggctgcgtcagtagacccgacacgggccgtaggaccgtatgggggagcggcgttagtgcgaccccgtgacgagacgagaagggggacggatgatccgtccggcatcgagatgaggaaccgccgatga
>gene_8182|Rep protein
atgcggctcggttatcgtagtaaatcgcaaaatgtagctgaatgtggttcattcctcgagtttcgcaagcccgttccgagtgttgatgcctttgctgcgactacctcgcagcaaggctcaacctcggacgggtggaagctctcggatgctaatttctgccgtgataggctttgtcctgtttgccagtggcgtaagactttgaaagtctttacccaggtatcacgaattatggactgtatcggctccgataacaacttcttgtttctgactttgactgttcctaactgcattggacgtgacttatctgtcacaatagataatatacaaaaggcttgggacagattcacgcattacaagaaattcaaaaatgctgtaaacggttatttcaaggcacttgaaataacatataatgaaaatacagatacttatcatccgcatttgcatataatcttgtctgtggatccagattacttcaccagtgataaatacatagatcagagctcgcctaactttgaatggacgaagatgtggcaaaaggctttaaagatgcagaaacaacccattgttgatgtacgtagggttaaacctaaaaatgcagaaggagatagaaccgtcaaggctctttcttcagctgttgccgaagttagtaaatacagcgtcaaatccagtgattatcttagacgggggagagataacgacaaaattgtcttttggcttatgacggctctttctgggcgtcggctctgctccttcggtggcatttttgaagatgtgcgcaaatctctgaaattagatgattacgaagatggcgacttgatacacgtagacggcacagaaatgcgccaggacgtcgcctatatgatacgcaggtataattggtcgtgtggctcttacaagctcttagacgtgagcacagtaagcgattatgaggtaaaacaatatgaaatgcaatattaa
>gene_14847|Rep protein
attaaaaaactggataatgtcgataatgtgggagcctaccttaccgcatacctcggagatatggaagtatcagaagcacccgaaaaagtgaggtcaggagcagaggtaaaagaggtagaggtagaggagaacggaaagaaagtgaagaaagctatcttgaaaggagcacgtctggatttatatccggcgggctttaatatgctccggtgtagtcgaggtgtaaaaagaccggcagaagagatgatgacccaatttgaggcagaaaaaaaggtctcgggtgcgaccaagacctttgagagtgccgttaagctgtccgatactgctaacgacttcgagtgcattattatcaaggagcattataacaaaatcagaggaaaaatgcaatag
>gene_33221|Replication protein
atgggtaatgatttggttgtcgtaaaagcgaatagttttgttgaggctagctacaagatgtcgctaaatgaaatgcgtgttttagccttaactcttggtgtttttgatcctaaaaatccacgttgtgattttgaatttgatgttagtgaattttgtcagcattttcctgatgtggatcataagtctgcgtatgctcaaattgaaaaggcgatagataaaatcagtactcgaagaatggctttagtgaatgatgagtatcgaaaaacaacggtggcgtttgttacagaacagacttatttcaaaaaagaaggacgttttcagatcatttttcacgaaaaattgatgccttacatatcaaatctaaaagaacgctatacgcaataccaattactaaacatatcgacattttctagcactcatacgatccgactttatgagtttatggctcaatataaatctattggtattcgagaaatatcagtatcagatttaaaagattggttacaggtcgctgataaatatactgcgttttttgatttcaaaaagcgagttattgttccagcaatcaaggagatcaatgaaaaatctgatttactagtatctgttgaacaaattaaacgtggtcgcactatccacgcactaaaattcgtaattagcctgaaaaaacaagcggtaaaaagtgcaaaaaatgttacaaagcacggtcgccctaaattaccgcaacgcccacaggttcgcccaaattcacacgaagaaggcgagtacttcagactatgcgaaaatcaaataagatcttactggaaaggtatttatcaaggcgaagaatggcgtgatatttgggaaaaactaccaacaagtgaacttgaattgctacacaagtattacaaggcatttggcgatgattacaaatacaagccaatcaaaaagatattaaacttaaggggggggagataa
>gene_45303|Putative replication initiation protein
atgacttgctttcatccgttgaccgcgtatcagtacaagtatcgcaagaatgacaatggtaaaagtcttgtagtttttgactttgctaaagtctataaggaggttggatctttgtggtctcaacatgtcgatgaggttaaactgccatgtggccattgcattggttgtcgcctatcccaggctcgcgattgggcggttcgtatctgtcatgaaacagcgctgtatgcaagcgatcgttgtttttttttgacactgacttataatgatgattctattcaacatttgagacagatgtccaacctcaaagatcacaaagtctactattccttgtctaaacgggatttgcaattgttcatgaagcgtttacggaagaaattcggttccggtatccggttctacgcgtgtggtgagtatgggtcccttaatcaacgcccgcattatcacattattgtttggaatttggacttgccggatttgcagttttggaggaaagatggacagtcttactactttcgctcaactatcttggagtctctttggccttttggctttagcgttgttggacgcgttagctttgactcttcttgttatgtttctcgctattgtactaaaaagattacaggcgatatggcgcaagatcattacttcggacggacccccgagttttcgttgatgtcgcggcgtcccggcgtcggatcacgctggctggagaaatattcctcggatgtctataactacgatgtcgtgatttttaagaatttgaagcttcggccgccgaggtactatgacaagctgttcgaggtccttcatcctgatgaaatggaggtgattaagaagcgtagaaaaattgttgctctgtcgtctccgatgacgtgtgagcggttgcagactctcgagaggtctgctaagattcgtttgtgtaagaaaaagcgtaaaattgaaggtgaggtatga
>gene_16442|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atgacagaagaaaagaaagatgtgcttctccgtcagggaaacccgttgacggaatcaaggtataagtttacgccgaccgaaaaaaatgcttttctggttgtaattaagaacgttcgcaagaactacatcgagagagaaccacctcgcacagagttcgagaatatgagggtaaaaatttaccctaaggatataaccctcataagggacgagaagcacacgaaagaagcaaaacaagctctcagaaacctcagaaacaagactatagaatttgaggatgaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggtttcatcaatcaagccaagtatattgcaaaagagcaagtttacgaggtagaggttagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtcgaactatcaagacactacactgagtattctcttctcgtggcaatagccctcaaaagcatctactctcaacgtttttatgagttatgctgccaatacagaaacatgggaaagtttggcaagacaatagaccaacttcgtacaatgtttatgctcgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttattcaagaaaagagttatcgaagtggcacaaaaagaattgaaagaagcctatgaagagaatcagtgtgacctctggtttgattacgttcaagatggtcgaggagagaaggcacactttgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaatcagaggaagcagaaggaagctgcagacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcactttccttcgtgccaccattaagaaagaccctaaatatatcgagagagtgagcaagcagctcgaactcgagatagagaaggtcaccccgatttatcacaaactcctggagcttcagaaggatttctctggtgcttcacttgccaagatggctcgatggatcttaaagacagactataacatcaagtaa
>gene_17285|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atgacagaagaaaagaaagatgtgcttctccgtcagggaaacccgttgacggaatcaaggtataagtttacgccgaccgaaaaaaatgcttttctggttgtaattaagaacgttcgcaagaactacatcgagagagaaccacctcgcacagagttcgagaatatgagggtaaaaatttaccctaaggatataaccctcataagggacgagaagcacacgaaagaagcaaaacaagctctcagaaacctcagaaacaagactatagaatttgaggatgaagagggcaactggctgtattgtggtttcatcaatcaagccaagtatattgcaaaagagcaagtttacgaggtagaggttagccgtgacctcatgccatatctggtcgaactatcaagacactacactgagtattctcttctcgtggcaatagccctcaaaagcatctactctcaacgtttttatgagttatgctgccaatacagaaacatgggaaagtttggcaagacaatagaccaacttcgtacaatgtttatgctcgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttattcaagaaaagagttatcgaagtggcacaaaaagaattgaaagaagcctatgaagagaatcagtgtgacctctggtttgattacgttcaagatggtcgaggagagaaggcacactttgagttcttcgtacataccagagagaatcagaggaagcagaaggaagctgcagacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcactttccttcgtgccaccattaagaaagaccctaaatatatcgagagagtgagcaagcagctcgaactcgagatagagaaggtcaccccgatttatcacaaactcctggagcttcagaaggatttctctggtgcttcacttgccaagatggctcgatggatcttaaagacagactataacatcaagtaa
>gene_8189|Replication protein
atgagcattctaccagacctcaaagagtatgtcaatctgagatcatacggcaagaaagaagccaagtgggattatcacaaggctatagctgatgaagtatcaagattgtatagtgaatacgccgatagtcctaaagatctaaagaaatcggcccgtatcaaagaatgcgcgggttatctgaattttggttggtacaataatcccgatacgggccggaatgacctacacctgatagaactacattgttgccgatcaagagcgtgtgtattatgccaatggcgacggagtttattatataaggcacgattcagcatgaatataattgatatattagataaataccctaatgcaaaatttatattcttgactcttacagtaaaaaactgtgatctgaaagacattagaagcacattgtcaaaaatgtcaactgcatttaatagaatgactaaagcagactgctttaaagatgtactaggttatattagaaatatggaaatcacaagaggtgataatgattcagtacatcctcattaccatgtcttgttaatggttactgaaacctattttaattcagggcattatatatcaaaagatggttggtctgcatactggaaaaagttcatgaaacttgattatgaccctgtatgtgatgttcgattagtgcgagataaaactaagcgacttgatatagtgaaagagcttttcaagtacactattaaagagtctgatattaaaaaagattcatggtataaaatcctcatggattcacttcatcatatcagggcgatttcatcaggtggtgttcttaaaaacatcattaaggattttgataaagtccaagacgaagatctattacacatcaatgaggattctaaaccactagtaccacttaataaaacaatagcttatgaatggaataggccaataaaacgttatcgcaaagctaaagaatag
>gene_54406|Initiator RepB protein (Fragment)
atgtcagaggaaaagaaagagatacttctccgtcaaagcaaccctttgacggaatcgagatacaaattttcaaactacgaaaagaatgctttctatgtcgttgtgaagcaagtgagaaaggactatgtcgagcgagaaccacctcgcacagagttcgagaacatgagagtaaagattgccaaatcagctttgagcgaaataggtgataaagaccacacaaaagaagccagacaagctctcagaagcctcagaaacaagacaatagagttcgaggatgaagagggtaactggctatattgtggcttcatcaaccaagcaaagtatatcgccaaagaaaaagtttacgaggttgaggtaagccgagacctcatgccgtacttagtggagttgtccaaacactatacggaatattcccttcttgtagcaatatccctaaaaagcgtatattcacaacgcttttatgagctttgctgccaatacaggaacatggggaaatttggtaagacaatagaccaacttcgtacaatgttcatgctcgaagacaaatatccacttctccctttattcaagaagagggttatcgaagttgctcaaaaagagctaaaagaatctttcgactcaggacaatgcgacctttggtttgactacattcaagacggacgaggagagaaggctcacttcgagttctttgttcataccagagagaacgaaaagagacaaaaggaagctttaaatgcccttttaagggagcgtagaggcatattaaatcttcttcgggcttttatcaagaaagaccccaaatacatacagagggtagagatgcagctggattcagagcctgacaagatacctcccatttacaacaagctgctcgatctgcaaaaagacttcactggaagctctcttgcgaaaatgataagatggatcttaaatcacgattttggaattaaatag
>gene_54314|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atggcagacgaaaagaaagagatacttctccgtcaaggtaatccattgacagaatcaagatacaaattctcgaactacgaaaagaacgctttttatgtcgtagttaagcaagtgagaaaagactatgtagagcgtgaaccacctcgcacagagttcgagaacatgagagtgaaaataccaaaaacggcattgagcgaaataggcgatgaagaccacacaaaagaagccagacaagctctcagaaatctcagaaacaagactatcgagatggaggacaaagagggaaactggctatattgcggtttcatcaatcaagctaaatatattgcaaaagaaaaatgctatgaagtagaggtcagccgtgacctcatgccgtatctggtagagttgtctcgacactacacagagtattcccttcttgtcgcaatctccctaaaaagcatttattcacaacgcttttatgaactatgctgccaatatcgtaaccttggaaagtttggcaagacagtagagcaattaaagcaaatgttttatcttgaaggcaaatacacacagctttatttgttcaaacagaaagtactcgatgttgcgcaaaaagaactgaaagaatcctatgacgagaatcagtgtgacctttggtttgactacgttcaagatggccgaggagagaaggcgcatttcgagttcttcgtccataccagagagaaccaaagaaagcagaaggaagctgctgacgaggttctgaaggagtaccgtggcatcctcacgttccttcgtgcagccatcaagaaagacccgaagtacatcgagagagttgccaagcagctcgaacttgagatagacaaagtgaccccaatctatcacaaaatgcttgagctacaaaaggatttctcgggagcatcgcttgcaaaaatggctcgttggatattgaaaacggactacaacatcaagtaa
>gene_5369|Rep protein
ctcatcatatggtcagacatgacagcaccatatatctcaaataaggatttccgagagatatgggagcaaggatttgtcaaaattaagaaactcgatgatgtggacaatgtaggagcatatttaactgcctacttgggtgacatggaaataaccgaaatcgacgaaaattttgtctctgaagatggtaaaaacatcaaatgggtcataacagacgaaaacggagaaaagacgccgaaaaaggttataaagggcgcaaggctgaataaataccctgcaggatttcaaatgtatcgttgcagtaagggtataaaaaagccaagaacaacaatgatggagagtgaaaaggcaaaaaaaatagtctcggagggtaccaagacttatgagtatgatgcggttaaatctttggaaggggttgataaaccgctgactattcacaaggagtactataacatgatacgcaaagaatgtgtagttttgtgtgacaaaatgaacgattctttatga
>gene_53042|replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtggaagcgtcgatcttggcggacgtggctttcacaggggtcgatgaagctgaaaacttcggcgataggttagcacgctacggccaagctcacgcaaggtccctggccatgctggagcaccttcggggcgctccatcagtcgaagcgacaaagacggccaccggcctcgccagctgtggcaactacctgcacttccgggagtatttcaccgtgggcaaggtacggctgcacaacgcttcgttctgcaaacagcacctggtctgccccctctgcgccattcggcgcggtgccaaggccctcggggcctatctggcccgctggcaggtcatccagggcgagcgcccagacctcaagccctacctgctcacgctgaccgtgaagaacggcgaagacctcgcggagcgtcaagcgcacttaacaaaatccctccgccgtttgatggatcgtcgccggtacttcaacgctggtatccggggcgcgccctggacggagctgtgcaaggctgaggggggcgtctacacgctcgaattgaccaacaagggcaaggggtggcacccgcactgccacatgatcgttctggcggcctctgcgccctctcagagtgcgatcagtgccgagtggcacggtattaccggtgacagcatgatcgtcgattgcaggcccattaccggcgatcctagcgagggtttcatggagcttttcaagtacgccgtgaagttctccgacctgtccctggatgacaactggcacgccgcccaggtgctcaagggcaaacgcctgctgaacagcttcggcttgttccgtggtgtcgagattcccgaatcgctcctggacgaacctctggactcgctgccgtactgggatcggttttaccgattcatccagggcgaataccagttcacgggcgaaagcccgaaaggggtcggacggtaa
>gene_56491|Rep
atgaaacctaacgaacatacctctctcgatacatttattgtatcacaagcagaggaaaaaatcaatagtgtcgaacacactataaaaaaagcagaggatattaagcgaaaaactaaaaatatctctgttgctcttgcaaaaaaatataaaacagtttgccgagagcataaagcaaacgatattaaaaattgcggtacatttttaatgtttaaggaatttaaagacattgacagaacaacatttcttcacaaggcgaacttttgcaaacatcccgtttgtcctctgtgtgcttggcgaaaatcattgagagatttttcagttttggaaactgcgataaagcttataaaaaaagactttccccaggtgaacatttaccatttagttttagcagtaccaaatgttaccgaaataaaaaaggaaatgctttccgaaataaagcgaaaagcagtttattttataaaacggtatataggaacggataattactatacatcacttgaaatcacatattcaaaggacacaggctttcatcctcatctgcatatattgcttgcaactgacacatttataaaagtgtcggaagaatatatctataaaatggctatggaatggaaaaaagtgtacgataaaaaggataatctttatcgctcatatacattttacataacaggtcttaaaggtgaaaaaggtctgcatgaacttacaaaatatatcctcaaagtacaaaagcttgatgaactcgaagaatgtattttgctaacggattttattttcgagatgaaaggtgttcgcaaaaattcctcaggtggtttatttaaagagtatattccaaaagctaaaaagcttataaaagaagattttgaaaaatcaaagcaaaagatgtcaaatatcgattatatatatagaattttcgaatacattgtgagtgcggaaaaatatgcagaaaaaagttga
>gene_29697|Rep
atgaaacctaacgaacatacctctctcgatacatttattgtatcacaagcagaggaaaaaatcaatagtgtcgaacacactataaaaaaagcagaggatattaagcgaaaaactaaaaatatctctgttgctcttgcaaaaaaatataaaacagtttgccgagagcataaagcaaacgatattaaaaattgcggtacatttttaatgtttaaggaatttaaagacattgacagaacaacatttcttcacaaggcgaacttttgcaaacatcccgtttgtcctctgtgtgcttggcgaaaatcattgagagatttttcagttttggaaactgcgataaagcttataaaaaaagactttccccaggtgaacatttaccatttagttttagcagtaccaaatgttaccgaaataaaaaaggaaatgctttccgaaataaagcgaaaagcagtttattttataaaacggtatataggaacggataattactatacatcacttgaaatcacatattcaaaggacacaggctttcatcctcatctgcatatattgcttgcaactgacacatttataaaagtgtcggaagaatatatctataaaatggctatggaatggaaaaaagtgtacgataaaaaggataatctttatcgctcatatacattttacataacaggtcttaaaggtgaaaaaggtctgcatgaacttacaaaatatatcctcaaagtacaaaagcttgatgaactcgaagaatgtattttgctaacggattttattttcgagatgaaaggtgttcgcaaaaattcctcaggtggtttatttaaagagtatattccaaaagctaaaaagcttataaaagaagattttgaaaaatcaaagcaaaagatgtcaaatatcgattatatatatagaattttcgaatacattgtgagtgcggaaaaatatgcagaaaaaagttga
>gene_36771|Protein rep
atgcaaggccgggtcttacaagatattaccccggccggaaaagtccggccgtgggcgtcccataaatcggacgctcaattactcagctacgcgctggcgctcaccgatgagcgcgcagcgcagcgcgtgcgccattgcgctgatacgctctggtttaggcgacatgaggatggcagtctgcgcttggataccgcgcaattttgccgcgcccgcctgtgccccatctgccaatggcgcagatcgctcaaaatgtatgggcagctgcaccaagtcgtgcaagccctggctcagcagcgccaggcagctggggcgcagccgtacgcttggctgctgctcaccctcaccgtgcgcaactgctccggcgctgacctgtcagcgacactagacacgatcgccaagggctgggacagactatgcaagacacagcgatataagcgcgcggtgcgcggcaccatgcgcgcaatcgagatcacctacaaccgcagcacgggggagtatcacccacacatgcacgtgctctgtgctgtgctgccctcgtactacaccagccgcgattatatccgccaagcgcaatgggctgatatgtggcgcgatgctgcccggctggattataaccccgttgtcgatgtccgccgcgccaccggcacggccggcagcttggcggaggtcgccaagtatgccaccaagccaagcgactacctcgacccctccgacctcgacacaatggcggatgtggtcggcacgctgcaccgggtctgcgcccgccgccgctttgccgcctggactggcgtgctccgcgatatgcaccacgcgttgcacctcgatgatgtggacggcggcgaccttgtacatgtcagcgccttggacggcgagagcgccgccggtgctgccgtctgggcctgggattggtacgccgggcctaaactatatattgggggtgtccattgtgagtaa
>gene_54506|Replication protein
cccagctattacaccagccgggactacatcaagcaggcccaatggtctgatatgtggcgcgatgctgcccggctggattatacgccgattgtcgatgtccgccgtgccaccggcacggcgggaagcctggccgaagtcgccaagtatgccactaagcccagtgactacctcgacccgtccgacctcgaccagatggcggacgtggttggtacactgcacagggtgtgcgcccgccgccgctttgcggcctggactggggtgctgcgcgatatgcaccactcgctgcatctggatgatgtcgatggcggcgacctggtgcacgtcaacgccttggacggcgagagcgccgcaggcgcagccgcctgggcctgggattggtacgcaggcccaaaactatatattgggggtgtccattgtgagtaa
>gene_50510|Replication protein
atggaagaaaacaagcaaataatgttggctcaagataatgtattgacccaatcaaaacaaaactttaaagtcattgaaaaaagatgcctttataaaattattcatgaggtaagaaggcaatacatcgacacaaataaaggacaaaaaaacctatttggagatatgatggtagatatagagccgagtgaattagcacagcttggagatgagcttaaagacgtattcaatgccttacgaaacttgagaaatagggacgttataattcaaaacgatgaagtagatgtggccactgggtggatattggaagccaaatattacaaaaagaaaaatttgtattccgtc
>gene_15642|Replication initiation protein
atggaagaaaacaagcaaataatgttggctcaagacaatgttttgacccaatcgaaacaaagctttaaagtaattgagaaaagatgtctttataagattatccatgaagtcaggaaacaatacatagacacgaacagaggtcaaaaggacttatttggtgacatgatgatagatatagagcctggtgaattagcgcagcttggggatgaagttaaagacgtgtttaatgccttacgagacttacgaaatagagacgttataattcaaaacgatgacatagatgtcgctactgggtggatattggaagccaaatattacaaaaagaaaaacttgtattcggttaaagtgtcgggcgaaatactaccatatcttgtggaattagcttcaaatttcacagcttacgatttaacagtagccatcagcttgaaaagcacatattcgcaacgcttctatgagttctgtagccaatataaaaaccgggaaaacaagacgtttttttactctgtggaaaaactccgggaaatgatgatgcttcaagataaatacccaaacaatgccgatttcaaacgctttgttctcgatgcagctcaaaaagagctcaaagaagcctacgataacggccagtgtgatttatggtttgaatatgccgtgaaagatacggataaaaggaaaatcctcagttactttttcttcgtccacacaagagaggacgaaaagagaaaaacagactatcaaaccgtagaaagctgtatcttcaggattacaagcatactgaacaccttctttcctcgtgataagaaattcgtaaagcgtgtccaaaccgaaatccgtcttcgcccggatatcgctatagaaatagtggaaaaactcgacaagaaagtgttggattatgaccggaaagacattccacctatcatccgttttgtcttgaaccaagactacggaataaaataa
>gene_44795|Mob14-4
atggctggaacacagtttatgaagttgaagcgtggacaggtacacgcgattattaggcatgatatgcgtgagcataatgactattcgaataccgacattgacagaagtaagtctgacctgaatgtgacgattgggttcaaaggataccgttctgccgatggcattcgacagagattgaaagagcgtatgacgaaggtggaagaaaccaacaccaaccaccgtaaggacagagttgaggcttttagtctgctgttctatgttcccgaaggtttatcatacgaggagtcgaaaaggtggatgaaacactgcatgggcatcttgtgtgaaaagtacgggtctgaaaacttcattggcggatttggtcactttgacgagatccacccgtacgtggatcccgagacaaagcagacaagaatgtcaagaccgcacataacgggtatcgtgatacccgagcatgaaggtcagctgaacggcaagtggttttcttctcgtcagaacatcagagatgtgaatgacagagtacaggcgatgaccgagaaagaatttcccggtcatacgtacatgaccggtaccggcaagaagtccagaaagacggttgaacaactgaaaaacgagtccgattatgccaagtgggaactggaagccgagaaaatgaagtctgaagccgaaaatttccgttttgagcgtgataatctcgaaaaagaggtacagggtcttgaagaccgtaaaacggcattacaggacgaattagacggcaaattagacgaatatgaccgtttggtggacaagattaacgaactcgttaaacaaagtcgggatttagacaaggaaatacgctccaagcagaaa
>gene_36903|Mob14-4
atggctggaacacagtttatgaagttgaagcgtggacaggtacacgcgattattaggcatgatatgcgtgagcataatgactattcgaataccgacattgacagaagtaagtctgacctgaatgtgacgattgggttcaaaggataccgttctgccgatggcattcgacagagattgaaagagcgtatgacgaaggtggaagaaaccaacaccaaccaccgtaaggacagagttgaggcttttagtctgctgttctatgttcccgaaggtttatcatacgaggagtcgaaaaggtggatgaaacactgcatgggcatcttgtgtgaaaagtacgggtctgaaaacttcattggcggatttggtcactttgacgagatccacccgtacgtg
>gene_42917|Mob-like protein
atggctggaacacagtttatgaagttgaagcgtggacaggtacacgcgattattaggcatgatatgcgtgagcataatgactattcgaataccgacattgacagaagtaagtctgacctgaatgtgacgattgggttcaaaggataccgttctgccgatggcattcgacagagattgaaagagcgtatgacgaaggtggaagaaaccaacaccaaccaccgtaaggacagagttgaggcttttagtctgctgttctatgttcccgaaggtttatcatacgaggagtcgaaaaggtggatgaaacactgcatgggcatcttgtgtgaaaagtacgggtctgaaaacttcattggcggatttggtcactttgacgagatccacccgtacgtggatcccgagacaaagcagacaagaatgtcaagaccgcacataacgggtatcgtgatacccgagcatgaaggtcagctgaacggcaagtggttttcttctcgtcagaacatcagagatgtgaatgacagagtacaggcgatgaccgagaaagaatttcccggtcatacgtacatgaccggtaccggcaagaagtccaga
>gene_30597|Plasmid recombination protein
gaggaaggagaaccgcacgtacacatcgactatgtaccagtggcacatggctataaaaggggcatggaaacgcaaaacggactcgataaggctctgcgtgagatggggtattcattcagcaatacacacgcaacaccgcaaattcagtgggaaaaagcgcaaaacgattatcttgataagctgtgcagggataggggttatgaagtggaacatccaatggagcagggagtcaaacatttacatacaacgctctacaaggctcaacaagcccttgaaagcaccatagaccatacaaatgaccttgaaaggcaaaataaagccttagaaacgaaattagagcgtttagggggcaaagtgaaacgtgcagaggacttcaagaacctaaaagcggacaaaggactgttcggaaagaccaaagacaaggttacgcttgattggaaaacgtataatgacttggttaaaaccgcaacagcggttaaggacgtgcaggaacacgaaaagggattggatgaacgggaatatcgagttgtgaaaagagaaagtcaagtcaaggacgatttaacaaaggctcaaaaggcattgcaggacgcgcagaaaatcaaggataatgcaaaaagcatagtgcaggagcaggcgcaaagagcggtcaatgtggctgtgcaacagttcatgcaaggactcgacaaagaggaacagaggaaaatcaagcgcatggagaactacttgaaaggcttgcagttccccgacggtcgcaatggcttggaagtgttcgagatgagggaagaaaggttcagagagggacttgatgaacgtggaaagaggagcgttcgcaaaactttggatagtttgaaaagttggaatgattactttgatgaaattgacagaatgaaaagagaaaatcctagttcaaggtctacacgttcacgtagcgattgggatttggaaagatag
>gene_54322|Putative Rep protein
atgtccaaaaaacaagactaccaagataaaattattaaaaataatatggttgaagtagataaatcaactggtgaagtactatatccattacttgatgtatcacctataacaggaaaaactaagccatggaaaaataagaaaattaaaaatgtagagttagcaaatatatattatgatttgtctcagcataaagacgattactattacaaaaaagctgaaaaattattagcttgtggcaatgaactctattacaatattgatactaatggacttatgactctagccaaagctaatagttgccatgttaagttatgtccaatatgtagttggcgtagaagtcgtaaactacaagcacaactaacaacagttataagtgaagttgcaaaaaatgaaaaatacaaatttatttttttgacgttgacaattcctaattgtacaggagaacaattaactattacgctaaatcaaatgatgagaggttggactaacttaacaaagcgaaaaaagtggaaagacaatataattggttggtatagagtacttgagataacacataatcttaaccctaagtcaaagagttataacacgtaccatccacattttcactgcttattagttgtcgataaaaaatattgtgacaaatcaaattcaaattatattaagcaatctgaatggttagaaatgtggcaacaggtaatgcacaatgatacgattactcaagtgaatataaaaacagtaaaaaacgatggtaacattaatcatgcattacttgaacttgcaaaatattctgttaaagatagtgattatatcgttccatatgattggcagttatcaaaagaaactgttgctatattagatacagcattacatagaagaagacttgttgcatttggtggcattttaaaaaatatacacaagcaacttaaccttgatgatcctattgatggt
>gene_15535|Mob-like protein
atgagtaaattagcatatcacgcccagcattataaatccggcagcgtccgcgggctagccatgcacaactgggagaagcgcggattattcgacgaacatagcaaccaggagattgatgtgacgcggagctacttgaacgttcagctggtggagcaaccgacgtctctgtaccgagcgatcaagaaagacctcgaggagcgatgtaccggcagagtgacgtcatccagcaactggatgactgaaacgatagtttatccgcccgaagatatacaaagcgacccggataagtgtctggaatacttccaggatgtcctggagtggcacaagcaggagtttggagaggaaaatgtgaagtcctccgtagctcacttcgatgagacgactccgcatttacacactgacgtcattccgttaacgaaagacggcagattaagcagcaaagaggtctttgcgcgctcaaacctgaatagacatcatacggagctggctctctatctgtggaagaagggctgggatgttgagcgtggcagcagtactgctggcaagcgggttaaggctaaaaccgtcaaggaatttaaagagtttgctgatcggcagtataaaaactacgagaccatgctcgaaactaagaaaaatgagattgtcagacttcggggtgaggtggcggagctggaacgtgtccaggagcgtcaggtttccgttttaacggacaaaatcgacaatttggtacagagttgcgaaaaagagcttttagagcttgaaaatcgattacaagagattagtaaccttgcccaaactagatacctcgcagaactgcagcgcatcgaagagagggctggcagtctgcagaggcgaattgccgaagagggggcaaaattgctaaaagaggaaatggcgtcaagagagatttcctctcggctgacgtcacgagaagaccgggatggtcgatga
>gene_17114|Mob-like protein
atgagtaaattagcatatcacgcccagcattataaatccggcagcgtccgcgggctagccatgcacaactgggagaagcgcggattattcgacgaacatagcaaccaggagattgatgtgacgcggagctacttgaacgttcagctggtggagcaaccgacgtctctgtaccgagcgatcaagaaagacctcgaggagcgatgtaccggcagagtgacgtcatccagcaactggatgactgaaacgatagtttatccgcccgaagatatacaaagcgacccggataagtgtctggaatacttccaggatgtcctggagtggcacaagcaggagtttggagaggaaaatgtgaagtcctccgtagctcacttcgatgagacgactccgcatttacacactgacgtcattccgttaacgaaagacggcagattaagcagcaaagaggtctttgcgcgctcaaacctgaatagacatcatacggagctggctctctatctgtggaagaagggctgggatgttgagcgtggcagcagtactgctggcaagcgggttaaggctaaaaccgtcaaggaatttaaagagtttgctgatcggcagtataaaaactacgagaccatgctcgaaactaagaaaaatgagattgtcagacttcggggtgaggtggcggagctggaacgtgtccaggagcgtcaggtttccgttttaacggacaaaatcgacaatttggtacagagttgcgaaaaagagcttttagagcttgaaaatcgattacaagagattagtaaccttgcccaaactagatacctcgcagaactgcagcgcatcgaagagagggctggcagtctgcagaggcgaattgccgaagagggggcaaaattgctaaaagaggaaatggcgtcaagagagatttcctctcggctgacgtcacgagaagaccgggatggtcgatga
>gene_28522|replication protein
atggccaaaaagaaaacccccgtaaacgtatctgacttggcggccgggacgtttacaggggtcgatgaagctgagcttctgagcgagagaatagcacgctacggtcaggctcatgcaagatcaaacctaatgctcgatcaccttcgggatgatcctagcgactccagcaggaaggctgccgccagtctttcaacctgtggtaattacctgcactttcgggagtacttcaccgtgggcaaggttcgactgcacaacgccacgttttgcaaacagcacctgatctgcccgctgtgtgcgatccgtcgtggtgccaaggctcttggggcttacctgacccgctggcaggtgatacaggccgaacggcccgagttgcgtccctacctgcttacgttgactgtgaagaacggcgatgacctggaggaacgccagaagcacctgacgcgatccctcaagcgtcttatgcaccatcgccgtgatttcaatgcaggaactcggggtgcgccctattcggagctgtgcaaggctctaggggccgtctacacgctcgaactgaccaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccctatgatcgttctggcggcttctcagccctctcaggcagcattgagcgctgaatggcacaagatcaccggcgacagcatgattgtcgattgcaggccgatcacaggcgatccaagcgaaggcttcatggaagttttcaagtacgccgtgaaattctcggatttgacgcttgaggacaattggcaggctgctcagattctcaaaggtaagcgtctacttggatcgttcggacttttccgcggtgtccaggtgcctgaatcgttgttggacgaagctctcgatgatcttccgtactgggatcggttctaccgattcatccagggcgagtatcagttcacgggcgaaagcccgaagcctagaggctga
>gene_20700|replication protein
atctgcccgctgtgtgcgatccgtcgtggtcccaaggctcttggggcttacctgacccgctggcaggtgatacaggccgaacggcccgagttgcgtccctacctgcttacgttgactgtgaagaacggcgatgacctggaggaacgccagaagcacctgacgcgatccctcaagcgtcttatgcaccatcgccgtgatttcaatgcaggaactcggggtgcgccctattcggagctgtgcaaggctctaggggccgtctacacgctcgaactgaccaacaagggcaaagggtggcacccgcactgccatatgatcgttctggcggcttctcagccctctcaggcagcattgagcgctgaatggcacaagatcaccggcgacagcatgattgtcgattgcaggccgatcacaggcgatccaagcgaaggcttcatggaagttttcaagtacgccgtgaaattctcggatttgacgcttgaggacaattggcaggctgctcagattctcaaaggtaagcgtctacttggatcgttcggacttttccgcggtgtccaggtgcctgaatcgttgttggacgaagctctcgatgatcttccgtactgggatcggttctaccgattcatccagggcgagtatcagttcacgggcgaaagcccgaagcctagaggctga
>gene_30002|Rep protein
atgataacagaaaaaaagaaaaatgtcaatgaaatattgcaagatttttcaaaacataaaatctatgcaagtaatttacaaaaggaattagcaaatttttataaagagccgattaaacttgaaggtggcgggcttgcgtttgaaatgtcaacgcgtggcaagcaaatttgcgaatgcggaaatcgtttgacgtttgaaaaatactataatgaagaaaacacaatgcgtcttgcgggggcaaatttctgcaagcataggctttgtccttactgcgcgtggcgttggcacttaaaatattcaaaaatcattgaacgcacgtttgaaattttaggcgcacaaaatttctatcacatggttttgacaattccaaatgttaaatttttaaacaaagaatttttaattgaattaaggcaaaacgccacaacttttataaaaaaatcgttaaaatgcaaagattatatgctttcttttgaaattacgattgacaaaaatggttgttatcacccgcattatcacgtgattgcaattttgaaagacaagcccacaagaaagtttttacaaacagagtgggcgcgtgtttcaaactgcggggcaaactatgctatttgtgacataaagccagcaacagacaacaaaatttcacaagaattgacaaaatatgtgcttaaatttgaagacgaaaaaatcaacggaaaaaacctttttgtaataaacaacgctttaaaaggcttgcgaaaatttgcgacaaatggtaaaattaaaaaagcggaagaacaagcaaaaaaggaactgcaagcacaggcttttgaaaaaatacaagaattaaatgagtatgaaagtgacctcatgttctacgagtggttgtcacgtgggtatgaattaaaagaaacatatcacaaagacaaaaaagaacagagcgttcttttaaaaggagatatttgcctattataa
>gene_56282|Rep protein
atgataacagaaaaaaagaaaaatgtcaatgaaatattgcaagatttttcaaaacataaaatctatgcaagtaatttacaaaaggaattagcaaatttttataaagagccgattaaacttgaaggtggcgggcttgcgtttgaaatgtcaacgcgtggcaagcaaatttgcgaatgcggaaatcgtttgacgtttgaaaaatactataatgaagaaaacacaatgcgtcttgcgggggcaaatttctgcaagcataggctttgtccttactgcgcgtggcgttggcacttaaaatattcaaaaatcattgaacgcacgtttgaaattttaggcgcacaaaatttctatcacatggttttgacaattccaaatgttaaatttttaaacaaagaatttttaattgaattaaggcaaaacgcaacaacttttataaaaaaatcgttaaaatgcaaagattatatgctttcttttgaaattacgattgacaaaaatggttgttatcacccgcattatcacgtgattgcaattttgaaagacaagcccacaagaaagtttttacaaacagagtgggcgcgtgtttcaaactgcggggcaaactatgctatttgtgacataaagccagcaacagacaacaaaatttcacaagaattgacaaaatatgtgcttaaatttgaagacgaaaaaatcaacggaaaaaacctttttgtaataaacaacgctttaaaaggcttgcgaaaatttgcgacaaatggtaaaattaaaaaagcggaagaacaagcaaaaaaggaactgcaagcacaggcttttgaaaaaatacaagaattaaatgagtatgaa
>gene_33332|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
atgatggcggtggaggtgagcgagatgggctatagcatagtacatgtcgagaaggtcaaaggcggagcgctgcggggtatcgaaaatcacatgatgcgattgagagagtcccgaagcaaccccgacatcatagcagaacgaaccccagaaaatttgacgataatctcgggggaaaagttatcgtcaaaagtgaaggcgcgaatcgcgcagctgaaactcaagcgcaaacctcgatcagatgcaacatatctcgtagacttcatcgcaggagcgtcgccagaggacttgaagtcatggagcagagagcagcaggataggtattttcaagagaccgttgatttcgtggcgcgtcggtatggccgtgagaatctcatgtacgcggtcgtgcatcgggacgaagcgacaccgcatctgcatctcgggatagtgcctgtcacgaaggatggcaggttatcggcgcgtgatctgttcacgccgcaagaacttgcaaagctgcatacggattatcatgcagcagtcggggcaaagtacggattggagcgcggcgagcagggcggcaagaagaagcaccttgatacgatgcgcttcaaactctctcagacggcgcaggaagcgtctgaagcacaaaataggctagatagtgcctgtgagagggaaaaacgcgttacagagcgtttggagcgtctcaaagagcagggaaagacggtgtcaagttccgctgatgagatgttggccataaagcaagcgtccacgaacttgatttttggacggttcgtcaacaacgacgacttcgcacggatgcgttacttggcgcaggaagcatctgcggcatccatggcgcgtgatgaggagaaggaacgcgccgagaaggcggcggccgatgcagctgatgcggatgagcgagcacggaaggcagaggaacgcgcgaagaaagcagagcaggagcgc
>gene_21481|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggcactataccatttacacgcaaaatttataaaacgcagtatggggcaatctgcggttgctagtgctgcttatcgtgctggagaaaaattacatgatgaccgaatgggaatgactcacgacttcacaagaaaagaaaatgttgtgtattcggaaattatgactccagacggagttgacccaaaatttagaaatagggaaactctttggaacgaaatggaaaaagcagaaacaaggaaaaattcacgaccagcaaaagaaattgaaatagcactaccaaaagaaatgacactagagcaaaacaaaaagctggtacaaaattttattaaaaaaaattttgttgagaaaggcatgatagctgatttttctatacatgacaaagaaggaaatccccatgcacatatcatgctgacaacccgaaaagtagataaaaacggaatctcaaaaaataaaaatcgggaatgggatacaaaagccaccttgaaggaatggcggaaaaattgggaagtgtcctgcaataaagcattggaaagagcaggatttgaggaaaaaatttcctgcgaaacattgaaagcccaaggagttgaccgcattccgcaaattcatgtgggggtattcaggacacaagaaagaaaaaaaataaataatgctatcatccagcagaatgaggagctggagaaggtaaggaaagaaattaacaaactgttaagtagtcaacaaaatgtagcatttatccaagaaaataaggccgaaaagcaacaaaatgtagcaaaaatcaaagttaaaagaaggggtagaaaattgttgactgcttcggatccagccgagagctggaaagaaaatcaaaaaaatgacatgatgaaaaaattttttggtggttctgatgaagaagaaacagaaacccaaacccaagaaagaaagagaggaaaagcccatgtccgtactagatga
>gene_4928|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggcactataccatttacacgcaaaatttataaaacgcagtatggggcaatctgcggttgctagtgctgcttatcgtgctggagaaaaattacatgatgaccgaatgggaatgactcacgacttcacaagaaaagaaaatgttgtgtattcggaaattatgactccagacggagttgacccaaaatttagaaatagggaaactctttggaacgaaatggaaaaagcagaaacaaggaaaaattcacgaccagcaaaagaaattgaaatagcactaccaaaagaaatgacactagagcaaaacaaaaagctggtacaaaattttattaaaaaaaattttgttgagaaaggcatgatagctgatttttctatacatgacaaagaaggaaatccccatgcacatatcatgctgacaacccgaaaagtagataaaaacggaatctcaaaaaataaaaatcgggaatgggatacaaaagccaccttgaaggaatggcggaaaaattgggaagtgtcctgcaataaagcattggaaagagcaggatttgaggaaaaaatttcctgcgaaacattgaaagcccaaggagttgaccgcattccgcaaattcatgtgggggtattcaggacacaagaaagaaaaaaaataaataatgctatcatccagcagaatgaggagctggagaaggtaaggaaagaaattaacaaactgttaagtagtcaacaaaatgtagcatttatccaagaaaataaggccgaaaagcaacaaaatgtagcaaaaatcaaagttaaaagaaggggtagaaaattgttgactgcttcggatccagccgagagctggaaagaaaatcaaaaaaatgacatgatgaaaaaattttttggtggttctgatgaagaagaaacagaaacccaaacccaagaaagaaagagaggaaaagcccatgtccgtactagatga
>gene_49392|Replicative protein (Fragment)
atgccaaagaaaagtcaagagttcagctggagatattccgcagtcacaagtcagactcccgaagatggaagaaccatcctcgacctggtgagaacgagctttaaaccgagttgccacataaagaagataagcaaaaacgaatacataaaagggcgttacaaggaagacggcacctttgtcccggacaaagagattgccaagaatctcgaaactggtgaggaggaggagttttcccttgtatacacctttgcagaaaagggagagcatatgagaaacagacgaagcctgaggcagattttcagaacactccgtcagctcatcgggacaaacttcaagggcggcgattcagagttgtttctgaccctcacatacgccgaacaaacaaacgaccccagcaagatctacaacgaccttgacaaattctggaagaggctcaaatataagcatcaaacgctaaaatacatagccattgtcgaaccccatgccacgggtatgtttcacatccacatgctacttgcagataccacgggacaacccttattcatcccatgggaggagctccgggaaacatgggggctgggcatgatcgaggtcgaccgcctggaagacatcgaccacatgggggcttattttatcgcatacttttcgaacctcgaacttacccccgacgaggtgaccctctatgaagaacaagacgacatcatcgaaaaggacgggaagaagtacatcaagggtaaacgcctggactactaccccgaacatatgaggatataccgccatagcaggaactgcgacaagccttcaaagcttactggttatgatgcagacgccgctctgatcggggcgcagctcaaatatcagcacgaaaccacctttgaggacgaaggcaccgaataccacattttgacagcccagtatgtgaggaaagatgacacaccaatacaagaataa
>gene_30179|Recombinase
atgcgagtagaaaagagaaaacgcaaggctctgtatggtctgcaaatcgaagcaaaccgcacctttgccgaccacgcaaaaggacgggattttgccgccagtgatatccaatgggtgttgaccgatttcaacatcttcctagtcaagtccgagaactggggcaaagcggtaacggctgcactaaaagacgcagatgtgcaagagcgcaagaacagcgttgtcctcttggatggcttctacggtgcttccagtgattggtttgtcgacaagtcaatggatgaaatcgtagactattttagggattgccttgcattccacgaacgcacatacggcaaggtactgaacgctgtcattcatgtggacgaaaaaaccgtgcatatgtcctgctgttcaatccctctgttagaggacgagaacgggcgtagccgcttgagcgccaaagacattatgggcggccgtgacgattatcgccgccgccaagatgaattttatgagcaagtcggcaagccaagaggaatggagcgtggcgaagtccatgaccctgcgcatacccgtgagcacttgtcagtacaggcttataaaaatcagcagttggagttagaaaaccaagagcttcgtgagagaagcaaagaactgcaacaacagtgcaaggtcttgttgacccaaaaccaacagctacaagacataaaccaagccttgtcggaacaggtacaagagccgtttctgcattattgcatggtcgagttcatccgcaacgcaaaggtgcgtggtgaacgtggcgaaatcaaattagttattgacggcttccagacctacatggctcgcaatatggaacagcttcgcgccaagtgggagcagcaactactaccgaactactacccaccacaagaggaagaacgatttcgtgaacgcgagtacgattacgagcttgacgaaatcgagagagggtga
>gene_3551|Rep protein
atgaggagttacctaaatcgtacttatttagataaaaatgacagggaaaattggtataaagattattgcagggcaaaagactatgagaaagagcaggagggcgcgaaacgcccggaggctctattacttgatagtagtctcataactgcaacccacaatttttcctatgatacaaaaataatagaatgtggagattatattcaagtatattattatagcgatataaaaacaaaaacctctaaaaagagagataaagaaatagataatgattatctatttaaaagtaaagagacatacgaaaaacgtaatgatttaaaaatgatagagtataaaaacataaatagaagcaaattccaattacaacgattagttaaatctaatgaagataaatttaaaacatttttaacattaacgtttgccgacaatataactgacgttaatgaagcaaacaaaaagttcgcgatatggcgaactaagataaaatcaatatataagggcttccaatatgtttgcgtccctgaattccaaaaacgtggcgcagtacattatcatttattaacaaatctagaaataaataaaacatataaatatactagacgtggaaaagatttggaagccgaactaattataccacaagataataaaaaaagccaatatgacgtcaggtattggccgtatggctatagttcagtgttctctatgcaagacatcaatgtagtagggtatatttctaagtatatgacaaaagatatagacaaccgtctattcggtcatagacgatactttaactcttataatttaaaaatacctagagaacacatttttgagaaagacagtgcagatattttatatttactatgtaaaatagaaaatgcaaacgtagaatatcgtaaaaaatattatgatatatatggaaatgaaataaattatgtagaatataaaaaagtttga
>gene_17220|Replication protein
atggcaaagaagcctacagataagcagctgtacaaaatgaagaatgacttcctgaaggagcgagggttcgaccaggtgtctcctagggagttctttagggacgttttcccggaggaatctctgggtattcgtggggatcagtctgtccggcgtccgaatctcatcttcacgatgaccaggcgtgagggtgacaaggtttatgccaggaacaccatcgtctgcgatgatctggaggctttggatgaggctgctggagccgagtttgcggtgacgtcccccgtgtcgtaccgtggcaggaaccgtactgcagccaacgcgcatcacttgtggggcttctgcatcgatctggatggtgtcggcatggatcagctgcgtgacctgctcttccagatccagaacgacatcctccctgctccgacctatctggtcaacagtggtcatgggttccatgtctactatttgctggaggagccggtaccgctgcataagtatcttcaccagcctttgaacgacctgaagcacggcctgacctccattgtctggaatgcctacacgagctcgatcgacccggagaagcggcagttccagggcatctttcaggggttccggatgccggggagccagagcaagcttggcaaacggtacccggtggtggccttctggtttggcaacaagacgtccattgatacgctgaacgagtacgtggacgccaagtaccgggtgaccgagctggacaagtaccggcttcctctggaggtggccaaggagagatatccggagtggtatcagatccggatcgtggagggcagccaacatcgaaagaagtgggacattgccggcaaggttcatggagataaccctcatgccctgtacgactggtggctggataagatccggaatggagccttcgatggcaaccggtacaactgcatagctaccctcatgacctatggcgtcaagtgtgacgttccgaaggagaaggttctgaacgatgctctggagttggtgccctggctgaataccctgaccgagacgccaaacaatgactttacggagaaggacgtctatgacgccgttacctacttcgatgactgctatgcgaactatagcattaaggccatcgaggcccggacgaagatccggatcgagaggaataggcgcaattttcagccgcgaaagtggcatttggaggatattcgggataagaagaaaaacatgaagcgaagaggccaggcttttaagcggcctgaaggtcggccgcagggcagtggtacagcgcaggagaaagtggctgcataccgggccgagcatccggacgccaatgtgacggaggttgccagggcgctgcagatcagccgcccgaccgtttacaagtggtggaacggtcagccggaaaccgagccgtcttctgataaaccgaaagagtccggaatgtatcagtacactcccagaggaatagaacgtgtggatccaaagaaggaatctcgaaggatacacagcagcaaagagattaagaagatacgagagtatatcgatttgaagaaaccttga
>gene_54708|Protein rep
atggaaaaagagctggcgcaacacttcacgcccaaaaaagcaaacagtgtgcggctggcagatgcgtatttggagttgggcggcagtatgcccgcgctgatgaagcgcgcccagcgcgtgtctggctgtggtgatttcttggagtttcacgtttccgagaagaaaacgcggctggctgtcgccaatttctgcaaagaccgtctttgcccgatgtgcaactggcggcgttctctgaaaatcttcgggcagatgagcaaggtcatggacgttttgcaaggtgacggctatcggttcttgttcttgacgctgaccgtcaaaaactgctctggcgatgacctgcgcgcggttctggacgatatgcaacacgcatggcggcgcatgatgcacctaaaagcgttcaagtcagttgtgtgcggtacatttcgcgccgtcgaagtgacccgaaatcggcgtactggaatgtaccacccgcattatcatgttgtcatcgcggtgcgccctgactacttcaaacatggctacatatcgcaagccgaatggaaaaaattctggcgcgaatcgtgccgcctacagtacgaccctgttgtagatattcgcacaattaaggcagataccgacaaagacctgaaaaaagctgttgcggagtcctcgaagtatccgtacaaggattctgatatgctacgcggtagtatggcaactgtcaaaaataatgtgcgcgttctgctggacggcttgacacaaagaaagctgtgttcgtggactggttgcttcctcgacgcattgaaaaaattgaatctggacgaggacgacgacggcgatctgctccacgttggtgacgacgaggatctgcgcgacgacctgtcttatctgattgtccgctggcactggcgggcaggtgcatatatttctggcgagatgaactttatccatgtgacgcccatcgacctatag
>gene_32923|Protein rep
atggaaaaagagctggcgcaacacttcacgcccaaaaaagcaaacagtgtgcggctggcagatgcgtatttggagttgggcggcagtatgcccgcgctgatgaagcgcgcccagcgcgtgtctggctgtggtgatttcttggagtttcacgtttccgagaagaaaacgcggctggctgtcgccaatttctgcaaagaccgtctttgcccgatgtgcaactggcggcgttctctgaaaatcttcgggcagatgagcaaggtcatggacgttttgcaaggtgacggctatcggttcttgttcttgacgctgaccgtcaaaaactgctctggcgatgacctgcgcgcggttctggacgatatgcaacacgcatggcggcgcatgatgcacctaaaagcgttcaagtcagttgtgtgcggtacatttcgcgccgtcgaagtgacccgaaatcggcgtactggaatgtaccacccgcattatcatgttgtcatcgcggtgcgccctgactacttcaaacatggctacatatcgcaagccgaatggaaaaaattctggcgcgaatcgtgccgcctacagtacgaccctgttgtagatattcgcacaattaaggcagataccgacaaagacctgaaaaaagctgttgcggagtcctcgaagtatccgtacaaggattctgatatgctacgcggtagtatggcaactgtcaaaaataatgtgcgcgttctgctggacggcttgacacaaagaaagctgtgttcgtggactggttgcttcctcgacgcattgaaaaaattgaatctggacgaggacgacgacggcgatctgctccacgttggtgacgacgaggatctgcgcgacgacctgtcttatctgattgtccgctggcactggcgggcaggtgcatatatttctggcgagatgaactttatccatgtgacgcccatcgacctatag
>gene_3137|Mobilization protein
ttggtctgcgacgcatcaaaaggcaatggccgctacccaaaatttacgcctggacgagccaggctgcaattttgggaccctcgcggcctgcttctaggaaaaacatcggagggctgcatcatgcctgcatacatctctttagactgtggagtatccgggaaaatcaaagatcgcgcagcagcagaaggtctttttgctgaagcattccgccagcctatgcccagtggcagaaaaggcactgaaaatgtggatcctgcacgtactccaatgaatgtttattggaaaaatccacgatgggaatctaagtcatatgttcccgactttgaacgtgctgtttcagaattaatggcagagcgccgtcccgctaataaaaaagcaagaaaattgcggtctgacgctgtgttcattcgtaatttaatttttcaagtatccccagtttattttttcccagaaatttcaaactggccgcaaagagacatagatttaagcaaattccacgaacgtggaccacttgatatgaatcgtgttaatctatggaaagaggctatgtttgcacatataaaaaacaaatggggagattgtcttttatcaatggaattacatctcgatgagtcaagcccacatttacatgttcatgtagtaccagttactgatgatgggcgtttaagtggacttgaactttttggaactcatgaaaagataaaaggacatatacaagatgcagcaaaagcatgtgaacacctcggaatattacctgcacgtaatagaatagaacaagatgagcgtaatataagaaatttacaaaatgaccagtggtctaaatacgctgatgctgaaagaaaaagaattgttactgaagctaaacaaaatcaaaaattacataacgattctaataagcctagacaaatttatagtaatcttccagatgatattatttataaacatcctgaacctccagaacctccaaaaaaaccaggactatttgctagtgaaaaagataaagaaaactataaaaataaattagaagtttatgaaaggaagctttctgaatatgaaaatttacctacaccaaaacaagcacaaaaaaaattaattttagataaaattaatacttacgaatatattaaagaaaagttacaaaatgaaagagacatagcaagattagaatctattgctgctaaagcagaagctgataatttacgtaagaagctacagaaattagaatcaacacgactaagagaaataccactaaaagatgtaatagaaagaatgtattcaaatattttagttcaaacaaaagataaatccatatgggttatggaaggtagaaaaattggaatacaaggacaaaaattcatagataatttaaatagagatacatttaacggttacggtgcaattagttttatcaaactgatggataattgtacaaacaaagaagcgataggaaaactgcgcgactattttggaactgaccatgtgatacagcactgtgcagaaatagaaccgcactatttacgacaaacaatcgacgcaatacccagcttacctgagccagtaccaccggcaatttgtaaagagagaactggaaatgtcagacagtggatgattacggaaaagaaaatcagcaaagagacagccgaccatttactatctagcggccaaatctgggctgactttaaaagtaattgtgttgtcccacgcctcaacggcggccacttcgggagaggtaccgtaaaattgaaaagtggcaagaaaaatacatggaaacctacaacgggatcaaaagcggctgggtgtgcaatattatacggaacagctgcaaatccccctcgaaaatcaatcgtatgcgagggtgttacggacgctcttgcactatgcgaccgctttcccgatgctgcaatatacatcacaggaggcaatttaagacccaaattgccagataatatgcaccagcccatttactttgcatttgacaccgatgatgccggcacagctcactacgaacactataaaaaacagtgtccagatgcacagcaattactacctcctgaatttaacgattgggcagaataccatgccaatatacatcaagaatcagcatttaagccgcgtatgtag
>gene_7218|recombinase XerC
atgccatcagagacccgaaaaaaactcacgaccgtcgacatatcctgctataagtccgttgttgacacattcagggaacgcctgaagctcaggaatctctccgaacacacctggatgaattatgtatcaagcctgatcatatttctggcctggtgtgtgctgaatctggattccaagtctgcgtgtttgctggactatgctgatttccgtcagtttctttgttttctggatcaggagatgttggcgccccgtacaatcaatgtctacatcgccacattccggcagtttctatactttatccagcagagagactggaacagatatgagatcccatacaggaaatatgaccgcaggcttcctcttgtgccaggcatacagcaggcagcgaagatgcttgcttcctgcagcggattactggaggaagcgctgctgaaacttcttttctcaacagggatacggctgtcagaagcctgcgcgctgactttcagagatatcctcagggacaggaaacagatctatatccgtcccggcaacggccgcagtgaccggtatgtcccgctggaggattcaacgcttcgcgccctggaggcatattgccgtgaacgtttcgccctctgcaaggcagccgggatgccgttgccggacaggaacagtccggttttctgtttcagtgacggaatacgtcccgccaactcttcattcctccgccgtacttacaagcacgttgcaaaaaaggccggactttcggaattcaatccccattcctgccgtcatttcttcgcgctgcagatatatctccagcagaaagatattatgctggtcaaagatctgctgggtcaccatactctggcggctacagaagtctatctgaccatggcggcaccggtgctgctgcagcagggatataccaatccgctgagcctgtgcgaaaaacgcgatgaacagtga
>gene_51608|Replication protein
atgggaaaaagagaaacccccgtagaaacaagtgctttggccggcagcgtttctacaggggtcgatgaagtctctagcttcggggatagaatagcacggtacagtaaagcgcgcacccgctcggttgcgatgctggaatacctccgaagtgacgatagtcagcctgccaaaaaagctgccgccggtctcacagactgcggcgattacctccatttccgtgagtacttcacggtcgaacagatccgtttgcatgctgctcggttctgcaagcagcacctgatttgcccgctctgcgcaattcgtcgtggttccaaaacgcttgaacgttacctggagaagtggggagcgatccgcaaggatgaccgccgcctccgcttgtggttggtgacgctcacggttaagaacggcgacgatctggcggaaaggcaagaccaccttgcagcctctctgaggcgactcatgggccgccgccgtaattttaatgcgggggttaggggtgcgccccgatcgtctcttgtgcgcgctctggggggtgtttacagcctagagctgacaaaccaagggaatggttggcacccgcattgccatatgatcgtggctggccatcgtcccattgatcaaatggagctgtctgcggaatggcatgggatcaccggcgacagcatgattgtcgatgttaggcggattactggcgaccctgttgaaggctttctggaagtcttcaagtacgcggtcaagttcagcgatttgtccctgtctgataactggcacgccgcccaggtcctgaagggccgccgcctgctgaacagcttcggcctgttccgaggtgtccaggtgccggaaaagctgactgatgaaccgcttgatgatttgccctactgggatcggttctaccgctatatcggcgactcctaccagctgactggagaggtgacaccaaagcgttaa
>gene_5303|Site-specific recombinase XerD
gtgggaaaaatagtaccgcagccaaaacaaaaaactataagaagtaccacgcgatcaggacgcgtcgggaaaatttttaacgaggaaaacaaaatgagaaatagagaaattaagctgcggaagcagctgcatgattccctgcgtgaaaaatatgcgcagggatatggcaagcctaaacacggtctgaaggatgaacacaactcaacgcctgctatacattcaaccaatacgtacaagacgtataacagggcggtgaacaagttcgcagactggtgtaaagaaaaaggcattaaggatatgccgacagcaaaaaagcatataccagagtatatggataaactaaaccaagaaggcaaaagtgccttcacgcaaagcactgtaatgtcaggacttgctaaggcttttggcatacatacaaccgatattgactacaaacttccgcaacgcaagcgttctgacatagtcagatcgcgcgacgttgcggtgcgtgataagcacttttctgctgaaaagaatcaagaattaatcagattctgtgaatcaacaggattacgcagacgcgagctagaggctctaaaaggctctcagatgaccacggacgaaaaaaacgtatttttacacatacgcaatggcaaaggtggcaaagagaggcgtatagaggtcgtaggcgacaagaagttagtttatgacatgtgcaagcgtgctggagaaggtaaggtctttccgcgtgtgcataatggtgcggacatacacttttacaggggcaactatgccaaggcgatataccacaagtatgcaagggatattaatactctgcagaagcatgaaaaatatcattgccgcggcgatatgaagggtcaggtattcgacagggaagcaatgcggatagcgtctgaaaacttaggtcataacagaattgatgttattgcaaacaattatttatattga
>gene_20915|Site-specific recombinase XerD
gtgggaaaaatagtaccgcagccaaaacaaaaaactataagaagtaccacgcgatcaggacgcgtcgggaaaatttttaacgaggaaaacaaaatgagaaatagagaaattaagctgcggaagcagctgcatgattccctgcgtgaaaaatatgcgcagggatatggcaagcctaaacacggtctgaaggatgaacacaactcaacgcctgctatacattcaaccaatacgtacaagacgtataacagggcggtgaacaagttcgcagactggtgtaaagaaaaaggcattaaggatatgccgacagcaaaaaagcatataccagagtatatggataaactaaaccaagaaggcaaaagtgccttcacgcaaagcactgtaatgtcaggacttgctaaggcttttggcatacatacaaccgatattgactacaaacttccgcaacgcaagcgttctgacatagtcagatcgcgcgacgttgcggtgcgtgataagcacttttctgctgaaaagaatcaagaattaatcagattctgtgaatcaacaggattacgcagacgcgagctagaggctctaaaaggctctcagatgaccacggacggaaaaaacgtatttttacacatacgcaatggcaaaggtggcaaagagaggcgtatagaggtcgtaggcgacaagaagttagtttatgacatgtgcaagcgtgctggagaaggtaaggtctttccgcgtgtgcataatggtgcggacatacacttttacaggggcaactatgccaaggcgatataccacaagtatgcaagggatattaatactctgcagaagcatgaaaaatatcattgccgcggcgatatgaagggtcaggtattcgacagggaagcaatgcggatagcgtctgaaaacttaggtcataacagaattgatgttattgcaaacaattatttatattga
>gene_3543|Rep protein
atggcgaatgaacatttgcattccgtatataaaattttggctgatgagcggggggacaagcgtgccgctcgcgttgctgagaggcttgctaattgcgctacagaattggtatttgctcatgatgctaatgatcggcggcggcttattatggcaaatttttgccgcgtacggctttgcccggtctgtcagtggagaaggtcgctcaagctcggcgcacagatgcacaaaataatgcacgtcttaacgcgagagaattatgccttttgtcatttggtaatatcccgaaagaatgctcctttggagagtttagcttctgaaattgacgctcttcttgaaggctggcatcggctctcacgtcttgggatttttcaacgggctgtcaagggatattatagggctttagaaattactataaatgcagatcgctcggagtttcatccgcattttcatattattttggttgtaaataaaagctattttacgtcccgtgattacatttcgcgggaaaaatggatacgtctttggcggcgctctgtccgcgtcgactatgatcctcatgtttttataaagaaaattgttgctgaggatattactcggggtgtgactgaagttacgaagtatagtgtcaaagctgctgattatgtctttgctgatgatttggatcttagtgccgatgttgttgcgataattgacccagccatccaaaagaggcgctttgtctcttttgggggctgtgttaaagatgccgctagagaattgcgcttgcaggatgttgaagatcgtgatgttgatttagtccatttggatgatgaagatgaaacaatttttgagccggtgcgcacttcttcgtatttatggatgagcgggattaccttcggggattactacagagcagagacagactttgaattgattgtcccaaagaaaataaaaaaggatttcttctga
>gene_1374|Replication protein
atgtataataatagtaccatacctgactatgaaagtcaagtaaaaaaaatttttgaaaagctatatattaagcggtccgtgaataaaaaagtgctagattttttatttgaagagagtctgcgcaatcaagatgagttgcgcagagaacaagcatatacaaaaatgcaaaaaataagagagtgcgcaaaaacaatcggcgtggccaacattgataatattgcgcatattgtaaaagctgatttttgcagagagcgtatatgtaatatctgcgcttggcgcagacaagcaaagtttgtgtcgcagactcgcccagtaatgaatattttaaattacaaaggttatcgttttatttttataactttaacaattaaaaacgtaggttttgaagaattggaaaatacaattgatttgctaatgagtgcatatcataaatttatcaaaagacggccattgaaacggtcttttaagggcataattcgctctgtggaattgacgtataattcatatcaggatgattttcatccgcatatacatttattggttgcggtggataatgactattttacgaattgtgataaatacatatctcaaggtgaattgacggaattttggcgagattgtctcgatataagctatgaccccattgtttatattgaaacggtagacaataccgaaaaagcacagctcgaaactttgaaatatagcttaaaaccgtctaaacacgcaaaggctttgcaagcattttactatattttaaaagggcgcagattaatatctttttcaggcatattcgcaaaaatacgtaaagaattaatgcaaagcgattttgatgataatttactagatgatgtcaaaaattgtaaaggcaaaatatactatgatttgtaccgtttggacagcaccggtggtatatataaattctacgaaaggtatgatttaaatgattga
>gene_53307|Mobilization protein
atggctcaaaacgagcaaccttatgcagtttttcgcttcgagaaaatcaaaacgtatcagcagtttgcggttactattcagcacgcaaacagggaactcgacgttcccaatgccgacccaagcattaaaaatgggtactacaagcagacctcgctcgaagaaatcgagcaacgctgcgagcaagctcgcacccgaaaagataacgtgcttggctacgatttgcttttcacagcttctccggaatttttctcttccggaaaaattaccggagaagaatttaagacatggcaaaaagaaacaatcaagtggattggcgagaagtttggtgcagacaacattgtaaatctcgccattcatcttgacgaaacaacaccccacatcacctgccaaacgctcgcaatccacgagggaaagctaaatgcgaagcattttacgggcggtgccgaaaaatgttccaagcttcaagatgactacgcagtagctatgaagtctttggggttacagaggggtgtgcgtggtagcaaagccaggcacgaaaacattaaaaagtattacgcacgtgtcggctcgcaagcggatccgacaccaccgaggtcggtgaaagaccttaacatcgaaatcgaagagccaaaaagtggactttttggtgcaaaggaagaccccgaacgatacttccaccgaaatttcaaggagcatatcgctccgaaaatccaagcacttttagacgaaaactgtcgattgctgacggaaaatgccaatctaaaaaaagaaatcacccattggcgaagagccaacgggtggactaaaaggaacgcaaacgctatgcagcgtttgcagaatgacctcgaaattgaaaaaactcaaaattacaaattgcgtaaacggtggaactcgtta
>gene_39900|Replication initiation protein
atgtctaattttgaaaataagaaaaatgaaaagttccataagcaattaaaaaagcaaatggaaagaaaacaaaaaccaaatacagcacgatatagtaaaaaagattttgatgaattaaaaataaataataaaaaagagtatgtatcaaaaaaagaaatagagaaaataaataatgagaattatgaaatcataaaagataatcgcttaatacaaaaagcaacttttgattatactactaatgaattaaaatgtcttaattatacattatctaaattaaacccaaatataacttataccgataacgactggatagaatatccattaaaagatttatataaaatattaaatataaaaaatatgggtggtgctaattttgatttattaaaagagagtttacataatttaaggacaaaaggaaaatggatacatatacaaaatgaaaaagaaaataaatatattgatttatctttttttcaaaattgcgaaatagaattaaacgaaaacggcgagaatgtagtaagagttagatttatgaaagagatactggactatatacaaaatctaaaaaagaattttacaaaagaattagtaatatatactatgagattaaaaagtaaatattctatacgactatatgagttatgcaaatcatatcaaagtatgtatttatctaaatataaaaataaagaatataatttttatggatttgcttttataattgagttaatgaaagtaaaatgggtattgccaaaaaattatacaaatggaaaaataaaacaagtattagaaagtgccataaaagaaataaataataaaaccgatatagaaatatctattgaagatacattaaaagaaaacaaaaagataaccgagtatattataaaaatagagcctaatagtaattttaataaaatttaccaagatattgaaaaagaaagagccgtataa
>gene_35287|RepB protein, partial
atgaaatatttagaaaatagaaaaatagtccaagcaaattcattggtacggcagacgagttggaatcttaatttgactcctctcaaactgttcaaggcatgcgtatcggcaattgatacaacaaatccacctaaagacaatacggtagtgatgcacaaaagtgatttggttcaattgttggatggagatgattcaaaaaatcatgtttatctcaaaaatcagcttcgcagtctgattacttcagtcaagattgaagaggatgataaacacgaaatctataccgctttggtaagcaaaatagaatgggaaaaagaatctgacatcgtaaaagtgaagtttgatgaagctgtaatgccctatcttgttgagttacattctcgttttttggaatatcctgcagaactgattccatattttgattcaaagtacgggttgatcatctatgaaagtcttctgtcaaactggaaacagtatgctgattcaaatgaatttacatatgatcttgaaactattcgctatatcactgggactgaaaaaaaatataaagaaatttatgattttgaaaaaagagtattgaagcctgccgttgataatatcaatcacatacaaggcgaatttctggtcaagtatgagaagatcagacacggcagatcaattgaaaaaagtgaagttcatcctcgtaaagaggaccagctggagacagacggactacgattcagcagcattggcactggcccacgaaaaataaaggagacatcaaacatggtaatcaaaacagcaaagacagtagcagaatacaagaagatcagagacgaacggatccagtcatggattgacgcaagattcgaaaagggatgcgtcacatgggagctgatcaatccagatgaagtgaagatcacagatcagactggtgacagcatgacagtttcactcagtgaaattgcttga
>gene_17169|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgcagaggattggaaccccgaattccagacacaacctggacaacaactacagaaagcacctggagaatgtgaatccagagctttcgcaatataacgaaatcatcaggcagaagtctgtcgaaagcatctatgtggagcatctgcagccgagcttcgaagcctttaatgataagcagagacgaaaagaccgcaggctggatgtgaagtgggactgcagggatgcgttgggctaccagcgtgctctagataaggctgcgaaggagtcaaagaaccagaagctgcgggaaaacggccgaccaccaatccgtgagattgtctggcagttcggcaatccagagcagggctatggatctgccggacagacaatcgaaagcagagaaaaaatcaagggcatgctccttgaggttcaggctgcagctgaagcaagataccctcagttcgtatggggagacctggtcttccatgcggacgaggaaagcctggatgctgatgaaaaagaactgggcagcctgcatctgcactcatcattcgttccgctttgtttcgagaataagcagggcatggatgtccaggtggcatttgagcgttgcctgcaggaaatgggtttcaaaaccttcgaagcatggaagcatgacctggacagccttatggaagaggttctgcagaatcacgggctggaacgcaccgtgatgaacaaccacgaagaccaccaggattcgaaggagttccacaagcagcagaagctcatcaaggaaaccaaggaacttgaaagtaaggctgaaaatgcacgccagagcttcgaaactgttaaggcggaagtttcctctatcgaagatagaaaaaacagtctgcagggcgaaatcgacaacctggaggcaagtaaagatagggttgtggaaaaaggtcgagaggctatccgtatcgtgaaaaaatacagtccgcag
>gene_15424|Replication protein
atgtggggttttttggtggaagttttgtatcgatttggtggaagttttgtatcgatttggtggaagttttgtattttttggtggaagtatatgttgacatttctaccaaaaaatactagtatatctatagggggtgacatgatggagcagttagttaaatatgacaatgctatgaacacagtacaattcacaggtttttcagccattaaccaagatatatttatgacattggttgcaaaattacgagataaacatgacgaaacaataacattggatttcagtacaatacgagcaatgattgactatccgaaaactaaagacaatactcttgttatagaagacctcagggcaatgaataaaaaaatgcttgatttaaaatgctcatttgaggggaatggtgttgtagttgattttgtactgtttccaacatttaaaattgatactaacacaaacaaactgacagtaagagttaatccggattttgcatggatactaaatcagtttcagggttatacagaatttgaattaaaacagtttgccaagctggagagtaaatattcaaagtctttgtatcgcattttaaaacagtttaaaagcacaggatggttcaagggggatttggaagaaatacgaaaaatattagacataccaatatcttacaaaaatagagatattgcagagaaagtaataaagccatcagttgaagaactaaaaagatactttcaagatttgaattttaaatcatatacactgccaaaaaggggagctcctataggtggatatgagtttaagtggacacctgacaatcacataaaagggcaaatgacactgtatgatgcagatacacagaattttaaaacagtaaaaaagaaaaacaaatttaacgattttgagcaaaagcaagactatgattttgctgaattggaagaacagatagtaagcaattaa
>gene_51504|Mobilization protein
atgcacgtagcaaaatatacaacgagccaactcggtcagatgtgtaggcactacaaccgagaaggctacgaagaaagaaactactccaatgaaaacatagataaaagcaaaaccgaattaaactataaccttgctcccgagcgtaacatttccgaggtggaatttatccgccagagagtagacgaggtcaagcacctaaacagagccgatgttgtaaaaatggctgattgggttgtaacgctcccccaggactacaagggagaccaggcacgcttttttgaagagagttaccgagcgttagaaaaccgctacggcagagagaatgttgtgtctgcatacgtccatttggacgagaaaacacctcatatgcactttgcattcgtaccgataacgaggacgctcgacaaggacggtcagcagatagagaaactgtcagcaaaagaagtcctgacacgtcaggaactgcgagagatacacccgcaaatggaaagataccttgagaaacgtctacaagagccagtacacctcttaaacggtcagacaagggacggaaacaaggctataaaggaactaaagcaagaaacggctataaaggacttagaaagggttaaaacgctcgagaacgtcagagccgtagagccaaaggaaattgagcctagaaacggcttacgcggtcaatacgtgccgtttgagatacataagcaagttgtagagcagtacaacgctttgttgtatcagaaagagcgtgaactgtccgaggaaaggcagaaaacgagtcacctgtgcgacaggctagaccgagccgaaaagaccgcaaaaggcgagcacgagttgagattggaactacaagaccgcctgcaagataaagaatacttgaaagagcatataagagagatggaacgtgatgagcgagcagaaccgcaacacatacaatctcataaaagatag
>gene_8222|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactg
>gene_1736|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcaagtatatcggtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaacaaccgagaatttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagataggaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggtgcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacggaaagaggggaagtctgcaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaacctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgaacagacaccgcatttgcacattgattacataccgcttgcacatggctataaacaaggcttatcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtctaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaacgaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtacaaagcggtcacttctgcggttcataacgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagattgaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaggaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaagacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgtcatggatagcaaggatactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttaaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgcaaggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaaggtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtggaacttaacaccacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaggactaccgcataagggagttacagaccgaa
>gene_35520|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggc
>gene_33917|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggcgaagaggggttaggagtttacacggaaaaaggcacttgcctagtaaactgcaagacgttcagagaagccaaggaactgttaccg
>gene_53908|recombinase
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagatggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggcgaagaggggttaggagtttacacggaaaaaggcacttgcctagtaaactgcaagacgttcagagaagccaaggaactgttaccgaactgctctatcaataacagagcacaagacagaggtttggtgcgataa
>gene_58105|Plasmid recombination enzyme
aatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggcgaagaggggttaggagtttacacggaaaaaggcacttgcctagtaaactgcaagacgttcagagaagccaaggaactgttaccgaactgctctatcaataacagagcacaagacagaggtttggtgcgataa
>gene_58106|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggtt
>gene_21043|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggcggtacaactatggcaaaggcgagcatatcagtctgcaaaggtcgtggaagtatggctcacaataaccgagattttatcacggagaatgtagaccagagcagaaccaaggacaacatcacatacaagaaagaaaccctcgaacaagcctatgagaagtgtttcggtcaagccatagccgagtacaacgaaaggcagaaaagggcagatagaaagatagatgggatagatggatatatggctcaaatccgcaactccaagaacggggaaaaactgttttatgaggttgtggttcaagtcggcaacatggaagatagccacgttggaacagaaagaggggaagtctgtaagcagattttagaccgctatatgagggagtttgaggaacggaacccaaatctttatctctttaatgcggttcttcacatggacgagcagacaccgcacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacacggatataaacaaggcttgtcggtgcgaaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaagggatagagggcaagtccaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagagggaacagaaagaccaaatcgaggttatcatgcgagaatatggtcttgaacgggcagaggaaagaggacttgaccgagaacacatgacagttgaacagtataaagcggtcacttctgcggttcacaatgaggttaagcagatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatgttcaacaaagaacgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatttggaacagttggaaaaacgggcaaaactgtccttaacgcatgaaaaagccacaaaacaactcgttatggatagcaaggacactttaagccaggctatgcaacaacaacggagtgccgaggaacgcttgaaaatggcagaacaagaacaccgtagggcggttgaaatgcgtaaaatgtatgagcagaagtatcaggaacaagtgcaacttaacactacttgcgaagagctgaaggctcaaatcgtagtcaaagattaccgcataagggagttgcagaccgaaaacacatctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaaggcagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagggatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttgaagaggacgggttcgaggagttgagcaaagaccgagaatcgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaagtacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggcgaagaggggttaggagtttacacggaaaaaggcacttgcctagtaaactgcaagacgttcagagaagccaaggaactgttaccgaactgctctatcaataacagagcacaagacagaggtttggtgcgataa
>gene_1737|Plasmid recombination enzyme
acctctttacgggggcagatagccgatttaagacagacaatcgagcagagggtacaaaaggcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggacaagatagagggtatgtctaaagggcaacttacccttatgaggtcaatgaggtatgtgagagatatgttttccggagaagttggcggtgcggttctcaatgccacacttaaaaccggaaaccgcttttttaaagaggacgggttcgaggaattgagccaagaccgagaagtgacacttccaaggtcggttgcaaaggaaatacaactcaaactggactttaggaaaggcgaagaggggttaggagtttacacggaaaaaggcacttgcctagtaaactgcaagacattcagagaagccaaagaactgctaccgaactgctctatcaataacagagtacaagacagaggtttggtgcgataa
>gene_7408|Replication protein VP4
tccggcctgggtgaatactcagattataaagtacagctgataccatgtcaaaactgtataggttgcagactagataattcaagaaactgggcaaatagaggatatctcgaaagcttatattcaaaacataactactttgtaacgcttacatatgacgatgaacaccttccaatggcagatagaatagaaacaagtgaaggcgtaatctatgaaaaaacagaagactggaaaggaatactcaatccaaaagacctggaaacattcataaacagcctgaggaaaaaattcgaaagaaaaccatataaccataccgggatccggttcatagctgcaggagaatatggtgagaaaaatcgaagaccacattatcacttaatactattcaattgtccatttccactggaaagcttctttgaacctaagctcaaatggaaaaaatactattattacaggaacaaaatgatagaagaagtttgggataaaggaataagtaatatcacagaagcaaactggcaaaacatagcttacgtagcaagatatatcacgaaaaaaatgaacggagaagaaagcgaagaattttatgcaatacaaggtgaaacaaaagagttcttcagatgttcaactaatcctggaataggataccaatattttgaggatcattggcaagaaatatataatacagattcaataatcatcaaagtaggaaacaaaacgagacaggaaaaacctcctaagtactacgataagttattagaaaaaaaggatccagagctatgggaaaaaataagatctaaacgtcaaatgcaagccgagaacggaataagacaaaagctcgagaacacgtcactaaaatggtgggagcaattacaagtcgaactccggagcaaagagttaaaaacaaaatcacttgccaggtcaaacctggaagaagacttaggacattaa
>gene_32108|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctggagttaattttgaaaagtataaaacatctcaaaaagtaaaatctgttatgaggcattgcgataaggatatgcgagttgatgcgcagcatcaaaacgagcatattgatttgagcaagacgaagaacaattctcagttaaacagaaattataaacagacatgtgagagattcgataagcgtatggattggttggaatctcaaccgaacaaaaacaagcgtagcgataaagttctttgtttcggtttggaaattccacttcctgaagacttgccgaacggtaaggaaatcgaatgggtaaacaaagtcaaaaatattgtaacgggcatgtacggttcggagaacctcatgaacgtttactatcatgttgacgaacaacatacatacatggatagcgctacgaaaagccaaaggctttctcgtaagcatatccatttgttggtagtacccgaaatcgacggtaggcttaacggtcgtgaattttcttcacgtcggaatatggtaaaacttaacaatcagattcatgaaatgagtctcaatgattatgatgttaagtttatggacggtagcaagaggaagtctaaggatagcgtagaggctcttaaacgctcgtcagagcgtttagagctcgaagcggaagtaaaagccttgaaagacgtcagagacgtcttaaaaggcgaaatacaggctttagaagcccaaagggctgatttaatcgaaaaaccttatcaagattactgtatgagccttaaaaggcgtaaatcgagtggtaaagatattgtgcaaacagtatctgatacacgggaaaatcttcagcgtgtagcagaagaacaaaagcaaagacgcttacaggagagaaccgaggaaatttatcgtgtatttgattttgtccacgaagattatgtggaggctgaggagcagagcgacgaagagtacacataa
>gene_52080|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctggagttaattttgaaaagtataaaacatctcaaaaagtaaaatctgttatgaggcattgcgataaggatatgcgagttgatgcgcagcatcaaaacgagcatatcgatttgagcaagacgaagaacaattctcagttaaacagaaattataaacagacatgtgagagatttgataagcgtatggattggttggaatctcaaccgaacaaaaacaagcgtagcgataaagtgatttgcttcggtttagaaataccactcccagaagatttacagagcggtaaggaaatcgaatgggtaaacaaagtcaaaaatattgtaacgggcatgtacggttcggagaacctcatgaacgtttactatcatgttgacgaacaacatacatacatggatagcgctacgaaaagccaaaggctttctcgtaagcatatccatttgttggtagtacccgaaatcgacggtaggcttaacggtcgtgaattttcttcacgtcggaatatggtaaaacttaacaatcagattcatgaaatgagtctcaatgattatgatgttaagtttatggacggtagcaagaggaagtctaaggatagcgtagaggctcttaaacgctcgtcagagcgtttagagctcgaagccgaagtaaaagccttgaaagacgtcagagacgtcttaaaaggcgaaatacaggctttagaagcccaaagggctgatttaatcgaaaaaccttatcaagattactgtatgagccttaaaaggcgtaaatcgagtggtaaagatattgtgcaaacagtatctgatacacgggaaaatcttcagcgtgtagcagaagaacaaaagcaaagacgcttacaggagagaaccgaggaaatttatcgtgtatttgattttgtccacgaagattatgtggaggctgaggagcagagcgacgaagagtacacataa
>gene_49209|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctggagttaattttgaaaagtataaaacatctcaaaaagtaaaatctgttatgaggcattgcgataaggatatgcgagttgatgcgcagcatcaaaacgagcatattgatttgagcaagacgaagaacaattctcagttaaacagaaattataaacagacatgtgagagattcgataagcgtatggattggttggaatctcaaccgaacaaaaacaagcgtagcgataaagttctttgtttcggtttggaaattccacttcctgaagacttgccgaacggtaaggaaatcgaatgggtaaacaaagtcaaaaatattgtaacgggcatgtacggttcggagaacctcatgaacgtttactatcatgttgacgaacaacatacatacatggatagcgctacgaaaagccaaaggctttctcgtaagcatatccatttgttggtagtacccgaaatcgacggtaggcttaacggtcgtgaattttcttcacgtcggaatatggtaaaacttaacaatcagattcatgaaatgagtctcaatgattatgatgttaagtttatggacggtagcaagaggaagtctaaggatagcgtagaggctcttaaacgctcgtcagagcgtttagagctcgaagcggaagtaaaagccttgaaagacgtcagagacgtcttaaaaggcgaaatacaggctttagaagcccaaagggctgatttaatcgaaaaaccttatcaagattactgtatgagccttaaaaggcgtaaatcaagtggtaaagatattgtgcaaacagtatctgatacacgggaaaatcttcagcgtgtagcagaagaacaaaagcaaagacgcttacaggagagaaccgaggaaatttatcgtgtatttgattttgtccacgaagattatgtggaggctgaggagcagagcgacgaagagtacacataa
>gene_54225|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gatttgagcaagacgaagaacaattctcaattaaacagaaattataaacagacatgtgagagatttgataagcgtatggattggttggaatctcaaccgaacaaaaacaagcgtagcgataaagtgatttgcttcggtttagaaataccactcccagaagatttacagagcggtaaggaaatcgaatgggtaaacaaagtcaaaaatattgtaacgggcatgtacggttcggagaacctcatgaacgtttactatcatgttgacgaacaacatacatacatggatagcgctacgaaaagccaaaggctttctcgtaagcatatccatttgttggtagtacccgaaatcgacggtaggcttaacggtcgtgaattttcttcacgtcggaatatggtaaaacttaacaatcagattcatgaaatgagtctcaatgattatgatgttaagtttatggacggtagcaagaggaagtctaaggatagcgtagaggctcttaaacgctcgtcagagcgtttagagctcgaagccgaagtaaaagccttgaaagacgtcagagacgtcttaaaaggcgaaatacaggctttagaagcccaaagggctgatttaatcgaaaaaccttatcaagattactgtatgagccttaaaaggcgtaaatcgagtggtaaagatattgtgcaaacagtatctgatacacgggaaaatcttcagcgtgtagcagaagaacaaaagcaaagacgcttacaggagagaaccgaggaaatttatcgtgtatttgattttgtccacgaagattatgtggaggctgaggagcagagcgacgaagagtacacataa
>gene_57003|Protein rep
atgtccttttttgaatataatatcacattatcagaaaaatgtcaagctaaaatacaaaggttaatagacagagtaaactacaaagagtatttaagatatcctgtaaccgaagttttaaaaggcacctcatggaaagcggaagaaaacgacaaaatcaagaggttcgaggactgcggaaaatttgtaacaatagaccccgacacaggaaacatattaaaagcgaatttctgtaaacaacgtctatgtccagtatgtaattacatcaaatcttgcataaattggcacaagataagaaactgtgtagaatggataaaggaaaaagaaccaggtgcaaattttatatttatgacattaactgtgaaaaattgcaagcaggaagaattaaccgaaacaataaatacaattgttgatgggttcagacgtcttacaaatcggagaacatggaaaacaactgtaacaggtgccatccgtggtttagaagttacttacaacgaaaaagagaatacatttcatccgcatatacatatacttgcttcagttcctgcagactatttttctcagagttcaaaaaagtatatcacaattgaacagctacgggagtggtggacaacctctgcaagattgaattattttgtacaagtagacattaaagcaataaaccaaaccgacaacgctatagcagaagttgcaaagtattctataaaaatggcagacatactgaaagcaaattgctgtgaagaaatgatacaagcaacaaagacagtatatcaatgcacatatggaagaaggttaatagcaacgttgggaaacttcaaaaaagccatgcaggaattaaatcaaggcgatttagatgagttagatctaaatcaagaatacgcccatgaaaacaaaatagaaatgctatggaataatactgaaaatacatacaaactaaggagattataa
>gene_19564|Replication protein
gtggcctcgcatcgtgctcaggagctcgcccaagctgtcgagcactacacccagcaaggcaaaagcgtctacatgatcaccctgaccatgcggcacaacaaaggccacaccctcaaagactgctggtcagcgctgtcctatggatggaacgccgtcaactccggcaaacagtggtccgccgacaaggagctctggaacatcgatggctacaaccgcgtcaccgaagtcacccacggcgaaaagaacggctggcacgtccatgcgcacgtagttctcgtcttcgaccgcgaaatcggcatggagtccgtccgcttcatcggccagcgcatgtaccaacggtgggaaagagcgttgcgccgcaaggggttcgacgccgtcgaggagcacggcctgaacatccgcaaggccgacgaatgggtcgcggactacctcgccaaaaccacctacgcagaggatccccagctcacagcagcacgagaggcatacgcggaggcgaaaactgcgtccgccaagaagctggcagcagaggcagccctcggagtcttcaaggaaggccgcaagggcaaccgaaccccattccaaattctgcactcgatcatcgcaggtcaacagcttggcgttgacaccacagaggacgaacgtctctgggctgaatgggaacaatcctcgaagggtcgacgccaaatgatctggtcccgtggcctgcgggatcgcgttgggctcaacgacgagaagaccgacgagcagatcaccgaagaggacgcgctgaaaggcgaggtcgtggcgtggctacctcgggaaacgtggcgcatcatcaagtgggaagccgagttcatgctccaggccttcgatatcagcgtcgagaccggcctggcgttccttgagcagcgcgggctactcgctcatgccgcgtccggtgatcacgtcagagatcaggccacctga
>gene_44498|RepB
atgtctgattttaataaaaagaaaaatgaaaaatttcaaaaacaaataaataaaataatgaataaaaaaagaaaaccaaatacagcaagacataataaaaaagaatatgatgaattaagaataaataaaatagatgaatatgtatcaaaaaatgaaatacaaatgataaataatgagaactatgaaatcataaaagataatcgcttaatacaaaaagcaacttatgattttacaactacggaattaaaatgtctaaattatacattatctaaattacaaccaaataaaacatatacagaaaatgatataattgaatatccattaaatgaattatataaaatattaaatataaaaagtaatggtgcttcttatgaattattaaaagaaagtttacataatttaaggacaaaaggtaaatgggtaaaaatagaaaatgaaaaagaaaaaagagtagtagatttatctttttttctatgggtagaaataaaattaaatgaagaaaaaaaagatgtagtaagaattagatttatgcaagatatactggactacttacaaaatctaaaaaaaggttttacaaaagaattagtaatttatactatgagattaaaaggtaaatattctatacgattatatgagttatgtaaaagttatgaaagcatgtttttatctaaatataaaaataaagaatataatttttac
>gene_42554|Replicase
atgtctgattttaataaaaagaaaaatgaaaaatttcaaaaacaaataaataaaataatgaataaaaaaagaaaaccaaatacagcaagacataataaaaaagaatatgatgaattaagaataaataaaatagatgaatatgtatcaaaaaatgaaatacaaatgataaataatgagaactatgaaatcataaaagataatcgcttaatacaaaaagcaacttatgattttacaactacggaattaaaatgtctaaattatacattatctaaattacaaccaaataaaacatatacagaaaatgatataattgaatatccattaaatgaattatataaaatattaaatataaaaagtaatggtgcttcttatgaattattaaaagaaagtttacataatttaaggacaaaaggtaaatgggtaaaaatagaaaatgaaaaagaaaaaagagtagtagatttatctttttttctatgggtagaaataaaattaaatgaagaaaaaaaagatgtagtaagaattagatttatgcaagatatactggactacttacaaaatctaaaaaaaggttttacaaaagaattagtaatttatactatgagattaaaaggtaaatattctatacgattatatgagttatgtaaaagttatgaaagcatgtttttatctaaatataaaaataaagaatataatttttacggatttgcatttattattgatttagtaaaattaaaatgggtattgccacaaaattatcaaacgggaaaaataaaacaaatacttgataaagcaataaaagaaataaataataaaactgatatacaaatatctatacaagatacattaaaagataataaaaagataaccgagtatataatacaaatagaaccaaatagtaattttccagaaatatataaagatatagaaaatgaaagaaaaaaataa
>gene_28423|Rep
atgataaaaaactgtatagtcgatttaattgctgattttgatgaatataagaaaaaaacgaatcgcgttgctaattttatgcttgactctgaattgctaaaaatacgcggcgaaaaaatgcttgaatgtgggactacaattggcctttccgaaaacgaaaattttggccggtataaagtagtagccgcgaatttttgcagacagaggctgtgtccaaattgtcagcgtaggcgttctttaaaaacctatgcttgcataagtgatgtatatcaacttgcgacaaaacaaggatttgtctttctgcatatcgttttgacagttcctaattgttcgggtgccgatttgaataaaacaattgattttctctacaaaaaaagtagtttattatttcgcaaaagtgatgatattcacactcgcgccgcgtgcaattctattttgggtgcaaaagagttgcgacaaaaaatcgcgaaatcttttcacggtgtttttcgagctcttgaggttacgcgtaacgaaagcgtcgatatagaaaatatcaacgcttttcatccacatttgcactgcttggttgcggttcgtaaaagttattttacaagccgtagttatgtaaaatatgacgatttaagaactgtttggtctgcacttaccggtgttgaaaatgtacaggtatttatgggtaaagtgaccgataactgcgccgctattgctgaggttgcaaaatatgccgttaagccttttacagacaaaattgacattaaaacgatagaggttttacataaggcacttttcaaccggagacttactcaaaattatggcattttcaaagattggttttctgctattggtattgacgatttagaggaagtatctaacgaaggcagtgctgaatcggttagtgtttggcttacctacgtgggggatacgtttacaatagagagtatataa
>gene_33237|Putative replication initiation protein
atggagtgtgtgaaagataggcaaaactcttggttcgttcgcacgtattatcagtttcttaacacaaaaggttcggtttactttgtcactcttacgtatgacaataagcacatctcacaaaaggaaaatggatatactttgaataaatccgatgtacaaaaatggtttaaacgtgctcgtcggacttccgaatatcataaattacaagatggcaagatttcgtattttctcgctggagaatatggcaaaaaaacatttcgtccgcactatcacctattattattcggtgtggagtttaagcttcttaacattatgcttgaggattggcagcaacgctatggatttacgagttgcaaacgtgttggtcgctctagcactgacattcagaaagtatcccgttatttatctaagtatagcactaagcaatactttaaccgtgatttcataaatgaattttgcgatgacaacgaattgcagcgtcctttcatatgtgcctccataggctacggagctttgaactttgagcaaacaaaggttctgttcaatcacattctcaataattcccattctatcgaggaaagtattgaaaggtgcgaattcaatatccctataaatggatttaaatataagatacctccgtatataaaaaagaaaatacaatatgaaaaggtctactcctttaccgagtggtgttataactaccttctctttcaagataaagattttatcaactttttaccgcgctcttggggacagtattttacggaaattgcacgcctccgcgctaataagttacttaatgagaaattacaagatttgtcagagtccaatatttccaattattctcgcgaacagagattacatttacaggaaagaattggaaaggcagttagctttgagacgtctttcaaagccaaagagtcgttggatactgttgactaa
>gene_2107|Putative replication initiation protein
atgacatgctttagtcctttggaggcttggagagttttcaatgagcctttacagaagtttgagatagtttttaactataagaaaggccaatctggagaacgattaaaaatcccatgcggccagtgtatcggttgccgtttggagtatgcccgtcaatgggctatgcgttgcgttcatgaggcctcgttgcataaaagcaacagttttattacgttaacgtacaacgatgacaatctcccttcggatggcggtctgtggaaaatcgattttcaacgtttcatgaagcggttacgtcagaaagtgacgcgaacttatggaaaagatgttttgattcgttttttccattgcggcgaatatggctcgaaaaatggtagaccgcattatcatgctttgatttttggatttgattttcctgacaagacgctgtggaaaatcacgcctcgaggcgattgtgtttatcggtcaaagcttctcgaggaggtttggaaatatggtttttcaacgatcggcgaagttacttttgagagttgtgcgtatgtagcccgatacattacaaaaaaaatcaaaggtgataaagagttagcaaaagagcactatggaaatcgcattcccgagtatacaactatgagtcgtaagccaggcatcggtcaaggatggtttcaaaagtttcatggtgaagtttatccggttgatcgtgtcgttcttcgaggcaaagaaatgaaaccgcctcgatattatgacaatttgtgtatggccgatcccaatttatttagtgtttttgaagatgttcaatgtacaagacagcttgaacgtcaatcgagtgagtttaatcagttagacgattatgagcagtttcaggtgttgcaacggaaacgtcagcatcttgaatatcaatttaaaaaacgtttccaccgttcatatgaggatgaagtaaatgagtaa
>gene_20208|Replication protein VP4
atgacttgttatcatcccctagctggtcttaaattaacatatccagatggtaaagtcaaggtacatattttaggctctgttgagtctgatgaaaagttgtttcgttcttatcgtcaaaaagaatggtggattgatggtgaaatttctattcaatatttagagcttccttgcggtcaatgtacaggatgtcgtcttgaacgttctcgttcatgggctgttcgttgtgttcatgaagcgcagatgcatgatgagaattgttttttgacattgacttatgatgatgctcattttcctgatcatggaagtttagttaaacgtgatttgactcttttttggaaacgtcttcgaaaagagattgaacctattaagattcggtatttcgcttgtggcgagtatggagagaagttttctagacctcattatcatgcatgtgtttttggttggactccatcagataaaaagctttatactatacgttctggagcttatttatatatctctgaaatgattggtaagctttggtcttatggttttcatactatcggtgatgtaacttttgattcggctgcgtatgttgctcgttatgttttgaagaagataaatggtgatagaatggatgagcattatggtaatcgtattcctgaatatgtcgtgatgtcgcggaaacctggtattgctcatgattggattgagaagtatagtgatgatgtgtaccctcatgattttgttgttattcgcgataatatcaagtgtaagcctcctcgctattatgataagatttatgatgaagaacttaatggtgatttggtctatcttaaaaataaacgctctgactctagaggaaagacaatctatacttgtgattccctttataggaaagagaattataagaaaacagtaataaaacaaaaattaaaacgaaaatatgaagaaaatatatga
>gene_7020|Putative replication initiation protein
atgacttgttatcatcccctagctggtcttaaattaacatatccagatggtaaagtcaaggtacatattttaggctctgttgagtctgatgaaaagttgtttcgttcttatcgtcaaaaagaatggtggattgatggtgaaatttctattcaatatttagagcttccttgcggtcaatgtacaggatgtcgtcttgaacgttctcgttcatgggctgttcgttgtgttcatgaagcgcagatgcatgatgagaattgttttttgacattgacttatgatgatgctcattttcctgatcatggaagtttagttaaacgtgatttgactcttttttggaaacgtcttcgaaaagagattgaacctattaagattcggtatttcgcttgtggcgagtatggagagaagttttctagacctcattatcatgcatgtgtttttggttggactccatcagataaaaagctttatactatacgttctggagcttatttatatatctctgaaatgattggtaagctttggccttatggttttcatactatcggtgatgtaacttttgattcggctgcgtatgttgctcgttatgttttgaagaagataaatggtgatagaatggatgagcattatggtaatcgtattcctgaatatgtcgtgatgtcgcggaaacctggtattgctcatgattggattgagaagtatagtgatgatgtgtaccctcatgattttgttgttattcgcgataatatcaagtgtaagcctcctcgctattatgataagatttatgatgaagaacttaatggtgatttggtctatcttaaaaataaacgctctgactctagaggaaagacaatctatacttgtgattccctttataggaaagagaattataagaaaacagtaataaaacaaaaattaaaacgaaaatatgaagaaaatatatga
>gene_18583|recombinase
atggaaccaagggaaatgtatcaccggctgtttgataagtccgtgaaagagtacaaccgcaagcagacaagggaagaccggaagataacggactattacgacaagatatgcaaggacaagaagaagcatccagtctatgaaatgattgtcggggtgtactcaaaagaaggggaactggacgagaaagaacagcggaagattcttcaagagtacatatcagggtggcctcaatcaaatccgaatttgcggttgtgcggggtctattaccatgcagatgaagaagggcaaccgcacattcacgtagactatataccagtgtatcagagcaagagaaacatgcctgtacagactggccttagcaaggctctcgaacagcagggcttcacgaaacaggggaaacgcaccgcacagatacagtgggaagcagcagagaacaagcgccttgaagaggtctgcaaggctcacggactggaagtagaccatccgcagaggaacaaagacaaggtagagcacttgcacacggaagtattcaaagcgcagagggaagcgcagacagcaagggaagaagcaggcaaacagataggcattgcaagagagcgtagcgacagtttttttgccattgcggacgcaaaggctgctgaaataaatactcgtataatggaaatgcaggacaaggaagccgctgcccgtagagagatggaacgggtacgggtagaacttcaagagatgaaagaccagttccgcatcgagcagatgaaggtcataaacaaacgggcaaagtggactaaggaaaaggccgtccggttggcattgatggaacagtacatgcaggggtttccggcgaggggtgacagaacattactggacgcgttcgattcgtgggtgcaggctcaggctcagacgaggggtgaatacagaccgatggacgaatgggaacggtag
>gene_20666|Relaxase/mobilization
atggcaacaactaaaataagtgcatctaaatctacatcaagagctataaactatgcagaaaaacgagcagaggtaaaaagtggactcaattgtgatgttgattacgccaaatcggcttttaaggctactagagagctttacagtaaaactggaggcaatgaagggcatgtggttatacagtcctttaaaccaagcgaagtaacgccagaacaatgcaatcaactcggcttggaattagcgcaaaaaatagcaccaaatcatcaagcagctgtttatacgcataacgatactgaccacgtacacaatcacatcgttatcaatagcgttaatttagaaacgggtaaaaaattcaataacaacaaacaggcattaaaagacatcagacaggcaaacgatgaggtatgcaaagcacataatttatcaattcccgacagaaaggcagaaatacgctacacacaggcagaacaggcattaattattaaaggcaaaatagcttggaaagatagcatacgtaaagcaattgatgaaagtaatgcaacgaactatgaagaattacgcaaagatctagatacacatggaataagtattgaacgtgtaactcaaaaaacgattacgtatcgtcatatagacgaaaataaaaaagtacgtggtagtaaactgggtgaacgttatgacaaaggaggaatagaacttgagtttgcaagacaaaataaacaaagaaaagcgcaatcaattgaacgaaagcccgagagacacgctacacaacaagattgggacaaatttgcaacagacacacataaactccgacgtgatagagaacttgcagaagcagaacgacttgctaatgaaaaggctcgtagagatagagcagagagagaacgagagagaacagaaacacaaccagttattaaaaagtctagaggtttcaacctcgaactttaa
>gene_57504|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgatgaaaattaaggcttccggttgtggtggtattcagtctcacgtgaaccgtgaacatgaatcgaaaacgaacccagatattgactataccaagacaaaagataatgttacgatctggagaaatgagcatctgcaatcatggtgtaaattccaagtcaagacatttgcactggagaccaagaagctccggaaagatgcggtacttctctgcgcttttgtggtcagttcagatgcggagactttaaaagctatgggcagagaaaaacagcttgagttttttcgtgatagtgagcggttcttctctttccggtatggtccggaaaccatcgcttatgctgagattcactatgatgaaccgggcgcaccgcatatgcaccttggtgttgtcccaattaaggacggacggctctgtgctaaggatttgtttaaccccaaggaactgagagacttgcagacggctttttatgagcaggtcggcaagaagtacggtcttgaaagaggacaggagaatagcgaggcgaagcacctctctgagacccagtacaaggctcagaaagccgctgaaaaggtcgaggaactggaagccaaggcacaggctctggaagccaaggttacggctctggaagcccgtgagacggatttggtgcaatctctcccggccatggaggaacaggctgcacagatgcagcaggagctttctgtgctggatagagcgataaagaaaaaaactgatgagggtgccgagttgtttactacggtaggtttgagagagcggatgcatgagatccgtgagcaggatcggaaggagcagaggttgtctctgatcgagaaatttttggaactgccgtttgtcaaaccgctttgggaacgcttcctgcaggagcagaccagagggaagaacaagagcaagtcgaagaatacgcacgagtggggttcttaa
>gene_58088|Replication initiation protein
atgacatcttcaaataatatcaacaaattagagcttcaagatcttcaacttactgaaagtcttaaaaaaataactctccataagctcatcgccgaaaagattaacatcgctcaaatgcttgaacaaagcaaccgtacagaacgcatcgaagtatgcggatcaatgctcaacttcctaaaagaaagaaacattgtcacagatgaagtgcgcagacgtttagtcaaggcgaacttctgtaagtaccgcttctgtccgatgtgtcagtggcgcatggctcgcaaggtgtgtcgtgaagtgctcggtcgattgcgcactatcaacgaagcacacaatggtgtagcacttctatttttaacactcacaatcaaaaatgagcctttaaccgaattaaatcgtacggttaaactgctgtctaaagctttttatcgaatgcaacaatcgaagcagtacaagtgcgcagtactaggttctataagagctatcgaatttttaggagacaacacagagcaaggcgaatgtcatccgcattttcactgcttactggtcgtcaacaaaaactacttcaagtcacgtgactacatcaactttgaggaatggactaacctatggcaacgctgtttgagagttgactatcgaccaatcatcaacgtacaaagagttaaaccaaaaggaaaaatgagtgcgatcgtggcagcagcactcgaagttgtgaagtactctgtcacatcatcagacctagagaagctgacaaaagaggacttccaagagcttgataaacagacccgtaatattcgtcagtacaattacagtggagagctgaaagatgctgaaccaacgtttgatgacatcgaagatgaaagcctttggaaattgctggaagaagagtactaccagtggaagaatgggcagtactctaagaaagaatttaatcgtacggtttaa
>gene_34364|Replication initiation protein
atgacatcttcaaataatatcaacaaattagagcttcaagatcttcaacttactgaaagtcttaaaaaaataactctccataagctcatcgccgaaaagattaacatcgctcaaatgcttgaacaaagcaaccgtacagaacgcatcgaagtatgcggatcaatgctcaacttcctaaaagaaagaaacattgtcacagatgaagtgcgcagacgtttagtcaaggcgaacttctgtaagtaccgcttctgtccgatgtgtcagtggcgcatggctcgcaaggtgtgtcgtgaagtgctcggtcgattgcgcactatcaacgaagcacacaatggtgtagcacttctatttttaacactcacaatcaaaaatgagcctttaaccgaattaaatcgtacggttaaactgctgtctaaagctttttatcgaatgcaacaatcgaagcagtacaagtgcgcagtactaggttctataagagctatcgaatttttaggagacaacacagagcaaggcgaatgtcatccgcattttcactgcttactggtcgtcaacaaaaactacttcaagtcacgtgactacatcaactttgaggaatggactaacctatggcaacgctgtttgagagttgactatcgaccaatcatcaacgtacaaagagttaaaccaaaaggaaaaatgagtgcgatcgtggcagcagcactcgaagttgtgaagtactctgtcacatcatcagacctagagaagctgacaaaagaggacttccaagagcttgataaacagacccgtaatattcgtcagtacaattacagtggagagctgaaagatgctgaaccaacgtttgatgacatcgaagatgaaagcctttggaaattgctggaagaagagtactaccagtggaagaatgggcagtactctaagaaagaatttaatcgtacggtttaa
>gene_34082|Protein rep
atgacatcttcaaacaatatcaacaaattagagcttcaagatcttcaactagctgaaagtcttaaaaaaataactctccataagctcatcgccgaaaaggttaatatcgcaaaaatgcttcaaagagatcgccgttcagagcatattcaagtctgtggctctatgcttcaattcttaaaagaacgtaatctcgtatcagaagaaattcgtcgtcgtctggttaaaggaaatttttgtaaatatcgcttctgtcctatgtgccagtggagaatggctcgcaaagtctgtcgtgaagtgctcggtcgtttgcgcactatcaacgaagcacacaatggtgtagcactgctttttttgactttgacaatcaaaaatgaacctataaccgagttaaagagtactgttaaacatctgtcacaagcatttcaacgactacagcaatctaagcaatacaaagacgcagtactaggttcaattcgtgcgattgagttcttaggcgatcacactgaaaaagacgaatgtcacccacactttcactgtttgctcgtagtcaacaaaagctacttcacatcgcattcatacatcaatttcgaagagtggactaacctttggcaacgcagtttgagagttgactatcgaccaattatcaacgttcagcgtgtcaaagctaaaggaaaaatgagtgcgattgtcgcagcagcactcgaagtagtgaagtacagtgttacatcatctgacttagaaaaattgtctaaagatgacttccaggaattagaccgccaaacaagaaatatacgtcagtacaactactcaggtgaactcaaagacgcagagccgacctttgacgatatcgaagatgaaagtctttgggaattgctagaagaagagtactaccagtggaagaatgggcagtactctaagagaaagtttaacagtgctgtttaa
>gene_42985|Mobilization protein
atggcaagtgcagatttacgaaaatatacaatgtcatcaatgaaaggtatgagagttcattttgatgataaattacgtgggacagtatgccatgagaataaacatatcaataaagaattaagtcacttaaatgatgtaattgggtgtgctgggtatgatgatatgctcaataaattaaatcagcgaattaaagaatgtgatgcaattaacccacctaaacgatacaagaaggatagagtagttgcttgcagcattgaaataaaatgccctcaacaattaactgatgagggtaaaagccaagaatggtttgaggcttgctataaacacttatgtgataaatatggcaaggataatgtggtcggtggttttgttcatcgtgatgaaatacataaatattatgatagtgaattaaagcaatgggttaaatctcttgagcattgtaattttgtggtcgtgccacaatgtcaatggctcgacaaaaacaataatttaagggaaggtgttaatgctaaaaatttcgtaactaggtcaatgcttaaagatttgaataagtccattgatgatttatgcgtaaataaatttcagtgctattatatgacttatggtttaccaagacatcaaagtgttgagcaattaaaaagagcaagtatcacaaatgaacaaatacttactaatgaatccagagctttagaactggagaaaaaagccaataatttagcagatgaagttttagaatactgtcaagcaaaggatataataacgggcgatataacatcaacatcagcttttcaaaatgctcttgcggttgaaggtcttaagcaagcaaaggatatacttaaaggttataatgttcatcaatctattattaaggatattgataagcgaattaagaatcaagaacgaactgtatcaattcatcatggtcatgatttgcatatataa
>gene_833|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagtgcagatttacgaaaatatacaatgtcatcaatgaaaggtatgagagttcattttgatgataaattacgtgggacagtatgccatgagaataaacatatcaataaagaattaagtcacttaaatgatgtaattgggtgtgctgggtatgatgatatgctcaataaattaaatcagcgaattaaagaatgtgatgcaattaacccacctaaacgatacaagaaggatagagtagttgcttgcagcattgaaataaaatgccctcaacaattaactgatgagggtaaaagccaagaatggtttgaggcttgctataaacacttatgtgataaatatggcaaggataatgtggtcggtggttttgttcatcgtgatgaaatacataaatattatgatagtgaattaaagcaatgggttaaatctcttgagcattgtaattttgtggtcgtgccacaatgtcaatggctcgacaaaaacaataatttaagggaaggtgttaatgctaaaaatttcgtaactaggtcaatgcttaaagatttgaataagtccattgatgatttatgcgtaaataaatttcagtgctattatatgacttatggtttaccaagacatcaaagtgttgagcaattaaaaagagcaagtatcacaaatgaacaaatacttactaatgaatccagagctttagaactggagaaaaaagccaataatttagcagatgaagttttagaatactgtcaagcaaaggatataataacgggcgatataacatcaacatcagcttttcaaaatgctcttgcggttgaaggtctt
>gene_19784|Replication protein
atgtcacagtataacacaatcctgggacaactgcaagagaagaagaaccggggctttctactcgccgccagctacgccagacaaggcgaatggcggcttgctgacctggtcttgaattgcgggacgttcctgggcttcggagaagacggggagggggtgaagctggtggaggccaatttttgcaagggcaggctatgcccttgctgcgcctggcggcgctccctcaagatctacgccaccaccagccagattctggattacatagacctgacccagccgggaaaggtgaaatacctctttctcaccctgaccgtgaagaacgtcccattggagaacctgggacaagccattacagacatggccgaggcatataaccggctgaaagcgaacagagcatggaagcggcgagtgctgggagccatgagaacattggaggtcacaataaaccgggagacgaaggaagcccacccacactatcacctgatccttgccgttgatcgacagtatgcgacaagaaacgacaaaacatattggactcatgaagattggctccatgcctggcagcaggctgccaggctggaatataggccagtagtcagcattgagaaggtaaagggccggaaatccggaatagccgaggtctcaaagtacatggccaaggacacggactacttgattgaagccgccgccgcaggctgcggcaccgaagaggccgaagcctggacagattacctagtacagcagctgacgaaacagctgcacggtcggcggctgatcagctacacagggatcctgcgcgacgctcagcgggccctccgtctggatccagaagaagggccgcttactgacaccatccggggggatatgacctcggcaattaaacattaccactggtctgctgggctgggctgctaccagccaggaaggggaaacgaatga
>gene_28194|Replication protein
atgaaagccgcacacagccgcgcaaatgccgctgtagaaaatttttatatgagcaacgaagaaacatacctaaagggaataaggctctcacaatgcgcaaatgccgccacgttcaagcattattttgttacagatgaatacaaattagaacgtcttaacctctgccgcgatagattgtgccttaattgtcaattagcaacaagccgcaaattgataagaaaattattgtgggcggtggaacacatcaacctagcgcaaggcgaaacattacaatttttaacacttacagcgccgaacattccggctgaaaaaatcaaaacacaaacacaaaacttgataaaagcaagcaaggcttttttaagaaagtatgaaataaaagactatttccggtcagtagaaataacttgcaacaaaaaacaaccggcaaataaaaaatatcatccccatttacattttttatttgtagcgccgaaaaatacatattttccgttgtttgataattcgctaggtaaatacggcgccaatcctttgcaatttgcctgggcgcaaaaatggcacgaaattaccggcgaaaacattgaaactataggtaccaacaaaaaaaccggcgaaaaaggcgcatacctggccgcaactgtgtatcaaataaaggatagcaaaagcatttttgagcttacaaaatatgtcacaaaaccacaagatatgactaaaaatgtcatagcggctttgtatggaaaaaactttgaaacgttagaaaacaccggcataaccggcttgcgcctaaaaacaccatgcggccgctttaaagagctttttaaccgctataatatatgcaaagaagcagacgatgaaatagaaaagaaacgccttgaaaaacttgattatgagcttctttcgtacatttataatggaaaggaatatgaacaatggaatatgtga
>gene_52391|Replication initiation protein
atgaaaaacgagcttgttgtgaaagataacgccttgattaatgcgagttacaaccttgaagtaacagaacagcgcttaatccttttagcgattattaatgctagggaaactgggcaaggcattacatctgatagcaaattagaaattcacgcacacgactacgctagtcgttttgatgtgagcaatagcggtgcttataaagcgttgaaagaagccgtaaataacctgtttgatcgtcaattctcatttaaagaacctgacaagcaaggaaatttaggtgtagtgaggtcaagatgggtaagccgtattaagtatattgatgcgacagcaaccttagaagttacgtttgcgcctgacgttgtaccattgatcacaaggcttgagcagcattttacaagctaccaactgaagcaagtcgcacagcttacaagcaagtacgctataaggctttatgaaatgctgatagcttggcgagctacaggtaaagtacctgagattgagctatcagaatttagaaatagattaggtgtaggcgataatgaatacacggcaatgaataactttaaaagccgtgtgctagaaccagcaatcaaacaaatcaatgaacacactgatataactgtaaaagtagaacaacataaaaaagggcgcactattagcggcttttcatttaagtttaagcaaaagcaacagccgaaaattgaaaaaccgaaagacctcaagcgagatccaaacacacctgacttttttataaaaatgaccgatgcacaacgtcatttatttgctaataaaatgtctgaaatgcccgaaatgtctaagtattcacaaggtacagaaagctatcagcaatttgctattcgtatcgctgagatgcttttacagcctgaaaaatttagagagctttacccaattttagagaaagcaggatttaaagcatga
>gene_8253|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atggcaaggagaggaaacaggggcggaacgatcaagtcccaactgaacaatgccatttctcataatctgaggattggtgaaagtaaaaaagattataaggaagcccatggcggtaatactgataacaagatattttcggtaaaatctgccgatacgctaagaaaaacggctaatcaattcgggtcatggatgaaagagcatcatcccgaaataaccaaagtccggaatatccaaaacgaccacataaaggaatttctgaggactatggaaaagaattggagtaatactacgctgcgagataagttatccgatctccggagcatcatggggaaatgtgaggaaacataccatggcataaaatgcgatatgaggggcgtagaagtcgcaaagagcggcgaaaaggtgagagataaggcaatggatcgggaagacatagaaaagcttctggagagcttcaaagggcgtggagcgcatgaagcatctgggcgttgtgcgatcgagatcacgagccgtctcggtcttagatctgatgagctggcaagacccgagaacaggagtaatagtatcgaccttgaaaacagggtcgttcatgtagtcggcaaaaacggaaaatggcgagatgttccgattcgtgataaggacatggactttatgaggggctataagacctatttaggggctgatacacaactgttaaggggaatcaaggaagaaagcctcaataggtctgtacggcgagaattggagcgctgtgggctgtctgaaaagtatccaaagacaacgatccacgccataagaaagacctatgcacgggagcgcatgagtgaagaacgggcgaaaggtctggacgagcgcaaggcgtgggaagtagtccaaaaggagttgggacacggggaaagattcagggagagtttatataatgcctatgttggaggataa
>gene_52511|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgactgaaaaaacaaaatcttcacgaaaattatccgctgaagatctctcgcaacgtgatgcagagagaaatatggcggtctcgaaaagcgatgctatgatccaaaaagctcgctttacattgacggtacaggaacagcgtgcggttctctatgccatcagtaaaattcgtccggaagatacggatttcggtgaatacacatttgaaattaaggatttttataaaatcatcggttgggaaaaagaaagctacactgaatttaaggcgatgctgaaagatctgtccgaccggagctggtgggccgagatcgatgacgaaggaactgagagcctgctccgctggttctccacggttcgctcaaacaaacggtccggtaaggttacgatcaaattccacgaggatatgatgccgttcttgctgcgcttggctgaaaacaatgagtttcatactacatactttctgaaatacgtgctcccgatgaatagccagtattctccgcggctttatgaaattctaaagagttaccaaaagaacaataagaagtggtggttcgacgtcgatcagttgaagcacttgctcgacgctgagcactaccgttgggtagacttcagaagaagagctttggatccggcaatcgaagaaataaacaagttcaccgatattcaaattgcgtatcgcttggagaaaaagggaaagaaattttctcggatttacttcttcatggacggcaaaacgaaccgtgaattggctgcgaccaatcagctgatcgaagaagaactcgacggaaaacagacgtcgctgttcgacggcggtgcacgcgatgaagcgtactatgagttccttgctgagcgccaagaagcacgcgcggaagaggaagaagccgagcagaagcggcaagagctgcttgacgctgccaaacgctattacaacggagaatga
>gene_50621|Replication protein (Fragment)
atgactgaaaaaacaaaatcttcacgaaaattatccgctgaagatctctcgcaacgtgatgcagagagaaatatggcggtctcgaaaagcgatgctatgatccaaaaagctcgctttacattgacggtacaggaacagcgtgcggttctctatgccatcagtaaaattcgtccggaagatacggatttcggtgaatacacatttgaaattaaggatttttataaaatcatcggttgggaaaaagaaagctacactgaatttaaggcgatgctgaaagatctgtccgaccggagctggtgggccgagatcgatgacgaaggaactgagagcctgctccgctggttctccacggttcgctcaaacaaacggtccggtaaggttacgatcaaattccacgaggatatgatgccgttcttgctgcgcttggctgaaaacaatgagtttcatactacatactttctgaaatacgtgctcccgatgaatagccagtattctccgcggctttatgaaattctaaagagttaccaaaagaacaataagaagtggtggttcgacgtcgatcagttgaagcacttgctcgacgctgagcactaccgttgggtagacttcagaagaagagctttggatccggcaatcgaagaaataaacaagttcaccgatattcaaattgcgtatcgcttggagaaaaagggaaagaaattttctcggatttacttcttcatggacggcaaaacgaaccgtgaattggctgcgaccaatcagctgatcgaagaagaactcgacggaaaacagacgtcgctgttcgacggcggtgcacgcgatgaagcgtactatgagttccttgctgagcgccaagaagcacgcgcggaagaggaagaagccgagcagaagcggcaagagctgcttgacgctgccaaacgctattacaacggagaatga
>gene_2220|Mob-like protein
gtgggagtgaagaaaaaaatgagtaagccagtaaatcatatgagcaaatttacaatgagcgattgcggaggaattcagaaagaggacttcgatagggacgataaaaatcccaacttagacagaaccaaaaccaaagataattatattatcgtggttggtcagaacgaggaaggcaaaacaaaatattttagtcgacatgaaagagtcagtttgcaaaagttagccaaagaaagaattgagaaattgaatttaaaaaaagcagttcgtaaagatgccgtggtctgtgtctcttttttggtttcagcagataaagatttttttaactcattggatgaaaagcagcagaaattatttttcaactgtgcagtaaatttttatgccaataggtttggacaagaaaatattttatatggctctgttcaccttgatgaagccacccctcatatgcaccttagaattgcaccagtgacgaaagacggtcggctctgtgcgaaagaagtggtcaataggacggctttgcagatggttcaacgtgagtttacccaatacatgaacaagaaaggctttaagcttgaagatgtggagcatggcaataaggacgttaaacacctctcagagatggaatatcgcaaaaaggtactagatgaccagatacaggctaaagaacgctatataagccaattagagccactaggcgaggaagttaaacgattacttcaagaacgagagcagttgcaaactgaactggttgaacttaaagaaaagcttaatggagttagggacatagagactagagcacttgttcaacgtgcgtctaaggacaggagagtaagcatagacgagcgtataagagaggctaagctagaaaaggctaggctagaccaagaaagggcactacagccgaaatttaaagctaaagggcagtctatggagagataa
>gene_22044|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcagtgcggaagaaaaggttctgcagtacataacgagcaccagcacttagccggtgatcgtgatgtgctgatcagagactttactggagcacccccggggaccccattgcgtgagtccgagctgctcttttacaaggagcatttcggcgaagctttagagctccagaatgaccgccacagacaagccagacaccagtccagaatcaagaccatggagcaggtatacacagctcagaagacgagaccggaagaggttatcctgcaggtggggaagctgggggaaacggtcgaccgtcaaacctttaattctctcatacaggactttttcaagagggtgaatcgttggaacagggaacacggcagaccgtttcagaccttaaataccagtatccactatgatgaagctaccccacacctgcactggcgcagggtgtggctatatgagaaagacggaatctctcatatagggcaaacagaggctctgaagcaagccggagtgctccttcctgagcgcttcgaaccggagagccggtacaacaacaggaaggtcacttttgatggctttataagagccacctggcaagctgtgtgcatcgagcacggtcttgctatagagaccgaacccttacccagcagaaggcatttaagtgtagatgagtacaaagacactatacttgctgagaggatacctcagttaagggctcaaatcagcgatttgagcgaggaaaaagcaaacctcgaagcaagtgttgaccacacctcggaagagctcaaaaaggtgcatttcgaccttaataatgcacacagcgagctggaggctcttatacgcaggagagaagaactcatacagcgcgatagcactgctaaaagagctgctcaggatctcatgaagcaatggggagtcaccggcaaggattacaacccctccagataa
>gene_4958|Replication-associated protein VP4
atgaatacagtaaacagtaaatttaaatatgaaactatcccatgtggacattgttatgcatgtcagcttaactattccgctgagtgggcgacaaggttaacatatgaatgcgccaaatataatcacaattattttgttactcttacctttaacgataattggctacctgttaacgagaaaattataattggtgacgtaacatatgaatatccggaagaagtagaaaaagcagatttatggaatgaaggcacagtctgggagccttatatgcataaatttttacatgatttaaggcaatatctacaaagaacaaaaaatcacacaggattgaaatacttctactgtatggaatatggtgaaactacacatagaccacacgcacacattatattgatgaactgtcctttagatataaataagttttatgatttcttccaggacgataatttcaaattacattggaaaacgccggaaatcgaaaagttatggagatatggaatgattgatgttgcagaagcagagtggagcagctgcgcatatgttgcaagatactgtatgaaaaaactccataccaaaaatgtatacgaatacgccgaagaaggtaaactaccggagtttataagaatgtcaagaaatatcggtcgagattactacgagcgtaacaaattcaagatatatgagtatgatgaagttataatgaaaacagtaaaaggcaacacaggatcctttaaaccaccaaaagcatgggataaaatttttaaaaaagaacatccggatctctgggaagatatccggagatctagaaaggaggcaagcgaacgaactagaaaattacaaaaagaactatccgattatacagactccgttaaattacaaatgcaatatgaagcagtagttactaaaagtaaaatgttacctcgaactggggaattttaa
>gene_41714|Rep protein
atgaacgaaaaatcaaaaaaagtcaagaagaatttattggaagtttgggaggataaaaagcgaatgaataaagacgtggcaaagatgctcgcagaggtcggaaagaaaagccgaagcctacgtatgatggaatgttctgagtacttacagatgcaagagtgcccaaaatgtaaagaaaagcatgtagcaaaagcttcactatgtcgtgacaggctttgtccaatctgtcaatggcgtttaggtcgtaagcgtgcgtttgaaatgctccgttgcttagactacatagcagaaacgggcgttgcgtataagtaccaattcttgacgctcacacaaaagaatataccgtcatacaagctaagagatgagcttaaaagaatgtcgaaagcttggcataaaatagtttgttctgacaatttaacgcgggcgtcaggctatgcccgcgtaacggagataacgtataatgccaaagataaaagctttcacccgcaccaacacatcattattgcatggaaagaaaaagacaagccgttcaagcgtacagaatgggagaacaaatggcaaaaagccatgaaactggattataagccaatatgcagactaaaatacataaaaccgcaaaaagaagacgtgaaagcaacaaaagcagtgcttgaaacgtacaaatacacagtaaaaacatcagatttaattaaaatgccctcagaaacgtttaaaatcttcgtagacgagataaacggaatgcgagcgtgttcgtatactggtatattcaaagacgcgagaaaagccttgaaactaaaagaaacaaagatagagaacatagacgaagaagaaaaagaatgtagaaattgtggggcagagatagtcaactttgttcttcgttggagctttgcggacgaaagatacaagaaaataatggaggaaaaaaagaatgtatag
>gene_162|Rep protein
ggacaaagtctaaagcgacttagagattatatcaatacaaatgtagttgacactaataaatgtaaatgggttactcttacttatgctaagaatatgcaagacactaaaaaactatatcaggactttaaaagatttattacaagatttaaaagacaatacaaagattatcaaatcgaatatattacagcttgcgaacctcaagctagaggggcttggcatatgcacttaattttaatatttgataaagtcgctccatttattccaaatgcaaccatagagaaattatgggaacaaggttttactaaaactaataaactcgataacatagacaatataggagcctatttaacggcttatttaggcgatatggaactaactcaagagaatttacaagaacttgaaaaaaacggtcttaaaatggctaatatcgagattaaacaagtaaatgaaattgaaaatataaaacttaaagagccaaaatcatttattaaaggtggccgtttgtatatgtatcccccaaactttaacctatatcgagttagtaggggtattaaaaagccaattaaagaatacttaagttatcatgttgcaaaagaaaaaatcggttgcacaaaaccgacttacacaaaaggtatcaaaatctctgatactgataattctttcaataacacaattatctatgagtattataacacaaaaagacaaaatggctaa
>gene_5749|Mobilization protein
atgcaagtaagttactctctccatatcagtagtaagagccatgcgataacttccgccgacaaaatcgctcgtgttagccgtcacaatttgcggcagtataagaccaataactaccggcaagaagatatagaaattctaaaaggctctgacaggtcgattcttgatgatgtgcgcgctatatatcacaaagaatttgacgaggctataaaagcctataattcacatcaaaaacgcgctgacagacatataaaagactatctcggtgaactatcaaacaagcagtcggatgttgctgtggaaatcatcatacaagtaggagatatgaattattgggcggacaaaacaccacaagaaaagcgtattatgtcgcaggttttcaaagaccagttagaggagttggaaaaaagttgcccagacttcaaagtcgtccatgcggtagtccactttgacgaaaagagtccccatatgcacgttgtaggggttcctgttgcgcatggctacactagagggctatcaaaaagagtttctaaaacgcgtgtttttactcgagaaagcctgtctttacttcaagacaagatgcgtactcatgctcaaaagtgcttagaaaccctaggaattaagatggactttaagcccaaggaaaaaggacgcaactttgatatccccaagtcctcgctagacaattactataaggttctccaagaaacaaaaatcaggcaagaccatatctatgaattggacgaagatttgcgtgaaaaaaataaaaatctgcacagattgaatgctgatattaagaagcgtcattcagatattcaaaagctggaagcgtttgaggaactgcgcacaatctatcaaaaagcatatggagattattttgagctggaacttgaagatcaggagcgcgcgcaggtaaaaaatatcgctcgagataggtaa
>gene_2269|Rep
aaatatacagtcaaagacgccgattatataatcccgcaggacttggatctgtccacggagacggtgcgaatcctggacgatgctcttgacggtcggcgtcttgtcgcctacggcggtaccatgaaagagctgcataagcagctgaacttggacgatgaggttgacggcgatctggtcaatgtcggtgaagaagagacggccgcagccgtcactgaccgcgaagtggtctatgcatggcatactgggtactcccagtacatgcttagagatatcaagcagtaa
>gene_27177|Rep
gtggagcaggttttgaccgacaaatcaggcacagggcgcgagcgtccgtggagggcgaagaaaatggcaaacgagatattgtctgcgatatacgaggacgttaatatacgcaaggcagagcggctgcgggaatgcggcgacttcttgagttttgtcatcaaagaggacggcacaaagaagctgaagcacatgaatagctgcagggtgcgactttgtccgctctgtgcctggcgtagatcgctgaaggtacactctcatacagtgcagatcctggacgccatgggcgggaactatgcgtatatatttcttacccttacggtgcggaattgccatggagaagatctatctgcagagttggacaaccttatgggtgcatggcagcgactgtctcagcgcaaggcgttccggacggctgttaagggttggtaccgcggcttggaagtaacgcacaacatcaatccggaatctgcgtcttacgatacataccacccgcattttcactgtcttttggcggttcgcaagggctattttacagctgcggaatatctgtctaaagacgcttgggcgcagctgtggcagcagtccctgcaggtggactatgagcccgtggtagacgtccgcagggtcaaaggcagcagcagcgcagcggtcgcggaagccgcgaaatatacagtcaaagacgccgattatataatcccgcaggacttggatctatctacggagacagtgcggatcctggacgatgctcttgacggtcggcgtcttgtcgcctacggcggtaccatgaaagagtggcacaagaagctgaacctggacgatgaggtggatggtgatctggtcaacgtgggcgaggaagagacggccgcagccgtcactgaccgcgaagtggtctacgcatggcataccggttacagccagtatatacgcagagattga
>gene_51219|Plasmid rolling circle replication initiator protein and truncated derivatives
aatgctcttgcaccggaatcagtaccggagtacataaagaaatggacggatcacaagcagatgaacgaagccgtagccgcgaaaatgttcgcgatcggctacaaagaaagggcattccgtatgtatgagtgcgccaaacagcttatttataaccattgctctgactgcgatacctacagtatagccaggacaaacctttgcagagatcgcttctgtcccacgtgtaactggcggctcgcgcttcagcgatatgtagcaatgacaaagatcacgcaacgtctgatgcgcgatcacagtagcgcaaactacagctttatcacgctgaccgtcaaaaactgtccgccgtctgaattgtccgacacgatgacgaaaatgtcaaagtcgtgggatagaattcttcacagggtctgcatgaaggacggcgccgccggttgggcaaagagcgttgaaatcacttataatgctcacacacacatgctccacccgcattatcacgtgttgattctctggaatggcggagaccgttctcgtgaggtcgtcggggcatggttgcaatcatgcgtcaagtccggtctggaagccagtatcaaggctcaggactggcaagccgtacacgatcacggcgaagaaggggacacaatggcggcggctatctgcgagaccttcaaatatgcgatcaaatccaaacagctacatgacatgccgtacggcgaattcaaattattggtcgacgagatcggcggcaagcgtctgacctcgttcggcggcgttataaaacagattgccgcgcagatgaatgtggacatggagagcctttccgacgaatccgtgacagtttgtcggcattgcggaagtacggacgtcgatcagatcgtctataaatgggcattcggcaagtacgaacgagaacacacgtttgacgggagtgacagctga
>gene_50633|Replication protein
atgacgaagatcacgcaacagctgatgcgcgatcacagtagcgcaaactacagttttatcacgctgaccgtcaaaaactgtccgccgtctgaattgtcagacacaatgtcgttgatgtcaaaagcttggaacagacttctgcagagggtctgcatgaaggacggcgccgccggttgggcgaagagcgtcgaaatcacttataatgctcacacgcacatgctccacccgcattatcacgtgttgattctctgggccggcggagatcgatcgcgcgaggtcgtcggggcatggttgcaatcatgcctcaagtccggtctggaagcgagcataaaggctcaggactggcaagccgtacacgatcacggcgaagaaggggatacgatggcggcggcaatctgcgagaccttcaaatatgcgatcaaatccaaacagcttcatgatatgccgtatggagagttcaaattattggttgacgagatcggcggaaagcgtctgacctcgttcggcggcgttataaagcagattgccgcacagatgaacgtggacatggagagcctttccgacgaatccgtgacagtttgtcggcattgtggaagtacggacgtcgaccagatcgtctacaagtgggcattcggcaagtacgaacgagaacacacgtttgacggtagtgacagctga
>gene_38744|replication protein
atgattaagaatacaattattgtaaagtccaatgatcttgttcaatccagctacaaactaacattagacgaaatgagagtgctactgctgacgattgggcgaattgatcctgaattgcctaatcatcgtagggattttgaatttacagtggcagaatttgctgaacagtttggcgttgatgaaaaaatagcttatcaacaagtacaaaaagccattgatacgttaggcagccgttgggcggtgcttgaagacaatccaaagttaattcgtaaagttattttcttaacggatcagacctatttcaaaggggaggggcgttttcaaattatattgcacgaaaaactaatgccgtttgtatcggatataaaaaattcttttactaaatatagccttgaatatgtcgcaaaatttagtagtttttacgcaattagaatttatgaaatagttgctcaatttcgtcaaactggttggcgagatattaccgtagcagaactaaaagattggctacaagttactgataaatatgaccgctgggacaatttcaaacgctgggtattagagccttctatcaaggaaatcaacgaaaaatctgatctcctggtcgaggttgagcaaatcaaacgagggcgtagcattcacgctctgaattttgtgatcaaacataaaaaacaagcggtagaaaacgacaaaaatttgacaaaatcaggtcgtccaaaattgccacaacgcccacaagtggccaaaggttcgcaagctgaatttgattgggcaagggaatgtatcaaactgctgaatgactggcgaaataccttgaaagaacagggtaaaaaactgagtgtcgctgatttagaattgctgaaaaaatactacaagctaatcaatgacacgatcacggttgaagaaattgataaagcgatagcaaaacgtaaaggttag
>gene_56165|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggagattatgcaaacaactacaagtattcattggaataaaggagatattgcaaaagaacacaatgagagagaagaggaattgtgcagcaacgagagtcacattgatttttacaacgaccatggatattcatatcacgaagtgcttgtacgtacagatttacgagaggcatatcagaacatttttggcgatgccttaaatacttacaatgcaaaacaaaaaagggctgacaggagacagtcaatcgacagttacatgcaatccattgtggatgatacgaggggcaaacgacagacgaaaatagtgaatggaaaaagagttgtggacgaggatgcacgacatgggaaacaactttcttatgagtttattgttaaagtcggaaatacagagcgtgagcgtgatgtgaacggacgtgtaaaatacaacagtgaaggacatcacgttcgtatgcaagagttaccgagagagttgcaaaatactatattgagagagtatgctcgaacatttcaacaacacaatccgaatctgatactcataaacgcagatttacatggcgacgagggcttctacaatcgaaaaggtgtgtgggagtattccgaagaccatttacattgtgaaattgttccagttgcatctggtttcaaaacaggcttgagcattcagaattctatgaataaggctatggctcaaatgggtttcaatacacccgaatgttatcaagaatgggctaagaaagaacaggaacgtcttgaagaaatcacgaaagcgaagtatatcgaatattgtcaggctcatcctgatttttacagggataaaggcgaccttgaaattattcatcctgttgcagatagaacgaaagaaggaaataaatccaaagagtgtttcgcacttgaacaagagttagacgaggcgattcacgaggcagaggcaatcaagagaatgttctcgaatggatgcaaacgcaataaagagcgtgagaatgatttacaggctcgtgagaacgatttacaggctcaaaaagaggctttacaagttcaaatgaataaatatgccgaaatgatacaaaaagcccaaattgagcgaaatacaacgttacagatgcaaaagaaaaatgaagagaaagcgagagagttggatgctcgtgagggtaatttagcttatatcaataaaacagctcttgaaatgcgaaatacagcattgcagatgcagaagaaaaatgaagagaaagagagagagttggatgctcgtgaggggaatttagccttcattgaagatacagtttctgaaattcaaaatacagtgttacagatgcagaaggaacaggaagagaaagaaaaagaatttcaagtgcgtgaagatgctttacaggctcaagaagagataatgcgtgagcgtgaagatttatgtattaaacaagagacatggtatagtcaagagcagaaacaacatactgaaaatgttgcaaaacgtatgcaacgattaagaaatttatcaagttattccacagaagaaaaggacagggattatggtccgggattttaa
>gene_26154|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggagattatgcaaacaactacaagtattcattggaataaaggagatattgcaaaagaacacaatgagagagaagaggaattgtgcagcaacgagagtcacattgatttttacaacgaccatggatattcatatcacgaagtgcttgtacgtacagatttacgagaggcatatcagaacatttttggcgatgccttaaatacttacaatgcaaaacaaaaaagggctgacaggagacagtcaatcgacagttacatgcaatccattgtggatgatacgaggggcaaacgacagacgaaaatagtgaatggaaaaagagttgtggacgaggatgcacgacatgggaaacaactttcttatgagtttattgttaaagtcggaaatacagagcgtgagcgtgatgtgaacggacgtgtaaaatacaacagtgaaggacatcacgttcgtatgcaagagttaccgagagagttgcaaaatactatattgagagagtatgctcgaacatttcaacaacacaatccgaatctgatactcataaacgcagatttacatggcgacgagggcttctacaatcgaaaaggtgtgtgggagtattccgaagaccatttacattgtgaaattgttccagttgcatctggtttcaaaacaggcttgagcattcagaattctatgaataaggctatggctcaaatgggtttcaatacacccgaatgttatcaagaatgggctaagaaagaacaggaacgtcttgaagaaatcacgaaagcgaagtatatcgaatattgtcaggctcatcctgatttttacagggataaaggcgaccttgaaattattcatcctgttgcagatagaacgaaagaaggaaataaatccaaagagtgtttcgcacttgaacaagagttagacgaggcgattcacgaggcagaggcaatcaagagaatgttctcgaatggatgcaaacgcaataaagagcgtgagaatgatttacaggctcgtgagaacgatttacaggctcaaaaagaggctttacaagttcaaatgaataaatatgccgaaatgatacaaaaagcccaaattgagcgaaatacaacgttacagatgcaaaagaaaaatgaagagaaagcgagagagttggatgctcgtgagggtaatttagcttatatcaataaaacagctcttgaaatgcgaaatacagcattgcagatgcagaagaaaaatgaagagaaagagagagagttggatgctcgtgaggggaatttagccttcattgaagatacagtttctgaaattcaaaatacagtgttacagatgcagaaggaacaggaagagaaagaaaaagaatttcaagtgcgtgaagatgctttacaggctcaagaagagataatgcgtgagcgtgaagatttatgtattaaacaagagacatggtatagtcaagagcagaaacaacatactgaaaatgttgcaaaacgtatgcaacgattaagaaatttatcaagttattccacagaagaaaaggacagggattatggtccgggattttaa
>gene_30059|Putative replication protein
atgaactcaaagaaaacctatcctgtgtcttgggttgttatgcagaatacaattcaagagtgctttaaaagcatgagtattgatgagaaaagattgttgattctagctagtcctattgctcgaacaatagatgcaactgaaaaagatgcaatcacaataacgtctgaagagtttgcgaaagagtgcggaattaaaaccaattcagcgtattcccaaatggaagaagcaagtaaaagccttctaaggcgatacttttcctatggagacaataagaaaaaaacctactgtaactgggtaattagagcaatatacgaaaatggtgcaatatcaatatgctttcctgatgaagttcttttgatgctaaaggaatttgataaattaaatccatacacaaagtataaaaaagacatcgtgctaagcctaaaaaaggattactcgtttgatctttatcacttagcaaaaaaacatcaatctatggggcaatttgagatgtccttagaacatataaaaaatgagttaggtttacctccatcatatgacaaactttgcaatctgaaagaccgtgttatcaaaccatcactggacgaaataacagcaaatacagatattaacctgacctatgagaacgtaaaaaaagggcgttctgtggttggctttaaattcacagtcaaagaaaagccaaaaccgaaaatgatagaaactgggcgagacaaggatactgtcgatatgttctgtaatatgtccgatgcgcagataaaaacctacagctctattctctcgaaagtccacagcatcagcgatttagcaggcaataaggactattcagcgtttgcagtttggataggcaacatactaagagatccatccagtgtccgagaagaaacagcgaaaagggtttttaaggctttgcggactgagactgactttaagggctag
>gene_4572|Replication protein (ORF5)
atggcaatttcagcaatatctcaaactattcggtaccagtataccccaacaattgatgaggcccggtacataaaagacctttggcatagctactacaagcaagagaggttttatgtacggggacaccatggagagcactcccataaaactgaatacctggttaacaatttcttttctgtgatgaacgagtaccaggaacaggaattgtttttcacaccgaattcgttttataagcctccagaaggtcgtagaaatcggttaaaagctcatttacaaacgatttacagttgggctatagatattgactatagacgcataaatccgaaaattgagcctctgacgtattttgaaggctatatagagccggtattgggacaagtcattccgacaccgaactatatcgagtacggtcatcagctccggcttatctatctgctagaagaacctatccggctaaaaaacaataaaaatctgcttgggggtatggaacgcatcatctcacatctttccggggctttaaatgacgaactgggctgtaatgcagaaccgcagaagctttcttcctactatcgtgtcccaggaagcataaataccaaaaacggagcggttgtacatatccggcatatcacagatgagaagtataagttccaggaactctttgactggctaccagaactgccggagtggtatgacaaatggcaagaaaaaaaatctaccgtcagcaaaaaaggaaaaacgtacaaaattcataacgactggcaactgcatcgggagcgcatgaaggactatgagaagctccgtgagcatccaaatataccaagagaaacattatgtttttgctacggttgctcttatctctttaccagacaaccgggagaaccggttctgatgcagaagctcctggagtttaaccggggctttccggtaccatta
>gene_17344|Rep protein
atgggcgaaaaaaaaggaggtgaaaaagtgccaaaatcccgaaatttcaaggatttgcacaaagtaaaaatcgaaatcgcaggaaacattatcacaacaacagatatgaatcattggaaccgtgaaccacacatcgtacgcttgccaaatggtaaatataagaatctccataatggcaaaatatacgatatagaaaagaatgaaactcggctcgatgataaagactcaatcctcaagacctttgcgagaatgagaggatatatcaacgcaaatataactgatgtgacgaaagtcagatggtgtactctgacctatgaagaaaatatgcaggatcctaaaaggctgtatgaggacttcaagaatttttggaaacgctttctgtactactgtaaagtgaaccaatatgaaaagccggagtatatcgtaatgatggaaccccagggacgtggtgcctggcacgctcatttgctgataatatgggaaaatatgaaagccccatatataccaaatgcggaatttgcggaaatatggtcacaaggatttgtcaaaataaagaaacttgataatgtggacaatgtaggagcatatctgacggcataccttggagatatggaaataaccgaaatcgacgaaaattttatctctgaagatggaaagggcataaaacagata
>gene_57618|Protein rep
ttgcaagatgatttttacgggcacagaagcccgtggagggcgaaaaaagtggcaaatgagtatttatcccttgcgtatgctcaaattgaccccaaaaaggcacagaggctgtctgagtgcagtacacagcttttatttcgtaagtatgatacgggagaaatgaagctacattcaatgaattcatgccgtgtgaggctctgcccgttatgcacatggcgtaggacattgagagtatatgcagataataaaaaaatatttcgccatgttgaccccgacaattcaaaatacaaatacatacttttaacgcttactgaaaaaaattgtttaggggaaaatttgagtaaacgtattgatgcgttattttatgcatggaaactttttgccaaaaccaaaccttttaagcaagctgtaaagggttggtataggggccttgaggttacgcacaacacagattaccttagtaaagattataatacatatcatccgcattttcatgtcattctcgttgtaaacaaatcatattttacatctcggtattatctttcccaagctcaatggggggaaatgtggaaaaatgcgcttaaggcgaattatgacccggttgttgacgtaagaaaaataaacaacgtgaatgattcaaaggctatagctgaaatatcaaaataccccgttaaagaggctgattttgttatttatgacgattggaaattgacaacagaaacagtatctattcttgacgcagctcttaacaatagacggctaattgcatatggtgggattctgaaagatgcaaaaaaagagttgaaaatttcagatatcgaaagtgctgaccttgtccatacggatgacgaagctccgactatggatgataattttaagttagaattttatttttggcatacgggttataggcaatatataaagggtgaaaattga
>gene_48560|Replication initiator protein
atgcaaagaaagataacaagtataaaagagaaaaataaaaagaaatttcaattgattagaaaacaatacgatttagtgtggactgataatgatattgctttaaaacttgtaaacccatttacagcaagacaattaaaaataatagactatgttataactgaaattgattatcaaaaaataaaagaaaataatagagattatgtaattataagagttagagatataattgatttttatactaaatcaggtggggcaggaaatttattaaaatcatttgaagatgatatacaaaaaataagtgatgtaagtgcatggtggagatatgatttaaaaaatcctaaattaaggacattatttagatattttgcaagtgttgatgaagttcaaaaaggagataaatcagttttaaaaataggctttaatgaacattttttaaaaagattatttaatactgagccacgaattgcaactgatgaaaaaacaggagaaataatattagatgaaaaaggaaatccaataaaaataggtttcaataattatgaattagaatatataaaaaaattaaaatcaaaatatagtattttattatataaaaaatgtaatgtatggaaaaatgcaccaaaaggctattttatttatgaaataaaagacttaaaacaagattttttactattggatactgataaaaagaaatatgattatgggtatatatcaaggaatgcaattattcctgcacaaaaagaaataaatgaaaaaacaaatttatttatatctaatattgaattattaccaaataaaaaaaatgtagaaagaatacaaatttttgtaaaagaaaaatcacaagataagcaaaatagaataatggaaaatggagaagaagaaaaaattgatttaatagataaacaaaaagaacaatatcacgaaaaatta
>gene_14219|Plasmid transfer factor, traG
gtttgtgtgggagaaattctgcatgattatatttatccgttaatgaaaaacaaaggcgccaatgactggcttttgttaataatagaatttgtggcactggcatttatactggcgtttccagtgacgttagtaaataacgtgctttcttttatctgtagaagaaagataagtatctttggggcaatcggaacaggaataaaaagaatgtttggagcgttagctactggacatgagaaacatggatataaagcaaaagtggagacttccataaaaccgcatggaattgttttcggaaagaaaaatggatatgtgtgtgtggatgaagaagcagacgcacattttctgattgttggtggtcctggttctggaaaaacatcaggagtcataattccgactttatgtgcatggaaagaagcggtatttgccatagatataaaaggggaactgtacgaaaagaccgcagaaaaaagaaaccgaactgtaaaagtgtttaatccgaaaaacaataacgcatattcgtatgatccgtttggagtattcaaatatgcagataacgaagtcgctgcagcgagagaaatagcaatatccatgattgagattccagagaacattacagacccttactggaaagacaatgcaaggacattacttgcgggattgcttctgtactgctaccatgaaaaaatgagttttccggaaagtgttgtgtacataaaaagtacaaaatttgcagatgtggcagaaaagataaagggaaaagaccagaatgcatggttattaatatcggactatgcagaaatgctagaaatggacaacttaaagaccttttctggtatacagtcagaactcagcaacagtattatagaatttgcttcaaatcctgaacttttgactgcattggacggaaacagggaatgtctttcaccgtatgacctcgaaaatggggcagacatatatattcagataccagaatacgagatagagcagtggaaaaaccttgtttctatgatgataaagcagttcttaaaatactttgagcgtagaaatgaagcagaagcgaagccagttttgatgatgattgacgagttcccaagactgggaaagatagacgcaatacagaacgcacttgctaccttacgaagcaaaaaagtaaaaataggactagcggtgcagagcattgcccagcttgacctcaaatataacaaggatatggcaaaggtattacttgataattgcagttataccgcagttctgaaagcaacagattactctaccgcagaatatttcagtaaaagagtgggaacaggtgaaaaggtgaaaaaatcatcaaatcaaagttacaacagggcaaatctaaacataggaatgaacaacggaaacagtggaacaggaacaggaaaaactacggaagaaaaggcactgataaaaccagaggtatttatgtatgaccttgcagagaagaaaaagctgatacttttcacaccaaatggatttatcaagatcaatagaatagaatactggaaagacagtagtttcaaataa
>gene_51942|replication initiation protein
atgaactacaacaggaaacgagaaaatgacggaaaaacgtactcgattgaccgtctgactttcgacctgtacttcgtacctcagagaggactcacggagaagctcaaaacggcgctcgacctcaaagtgatggcctaccgtcagacgatgggagtccagaatttcccgacgaacaagctcggaatccacaaggatgtgtatcagtttgagggactccatgtcgagctgtacgagcgtggagtcatccggcgaactcggagagttgattctgactccggggacatggtatcgactccggttggtgaccatcctcagaccgtgctccggatggacttcaacccgaacaactgcgccggcaatccggtgcttgattccttgatggagtttctcggaaaatgcacagaggaaatcccgtacacgtggtcgttgagtcgagtggactatgcgctcgacatccccggcacgccgtccgatttctacgtgttgtcccggaaggctgagacgttctacgagaatacccggtactacggagaccggaaagcgactggacgtctgaaggtgtacgacaagcgacaggaacgaattgacaaggctcgagttgatatcggtcatgacctgacccgattcgagtggactcagcgtggcaatcgggacttcaacttccggttcgatgacatcgccgaatacaccccggatgcaggtggtacatacggagctctgctccagttctgccgtccggagatggtgaatcatgcgctcggagtgttggacaagcgtacacgcaaaaaggtcaaggaacagtgcttccacccactgacccttgacccatcgcagttcgagatgcttctcgcagagtatctcgtcgaatatggtttgcctcttgacttgcggagagactgggagaaacagttccagactaccccggcaggatga
>gene_50586|Relaxase/mobilization
atgactatcgcaacaacacgcattattcctatgcacgctaccaagggcaaaacgcttgctcaatcaatttcggacagaaccgattatggcttaaatcccgaaaagacaaacgacggagaaatggttgccgcttatgcctgcgaccctcgctcatttgcatcagaggtcttgctttcaaaaaggcagtacaagcactttacagggaaagaggaaaagaacgacgtgctcgtttatcaagtccgtcaatcctttaagccgggagaagtgacaccggaagaagcaaaccaaatcggatatgacttcgcctctcgttttctcaaaggaaaacacgctttctatgtttgcactcatacggacaaagcccatatccataatcacatttattggaacgccgttactcttgattgcaaaaagaaattcagagatttccgcaggtcgcataaagctatctcacgactaagcgaccttatctgcaccgagcatcagttgtcggttatcgcaaatccaaagcgaggcggctctgcctataacaagtggcacggctttaagggaaaaccttcacaccgagaggttctgcgaattgcaattgacgaagcattggagcaaaagccccacagcttcgatgcgtttctttcgcttcttgccgagcaggggtttaaggtcaaaaacggaaaacacttgacctttgttcatcccgacttcaagcaaaacatcagaatgtacaccttgggcgatgaatattctgaggatgctatccgtgctatcatcaaagggcagaaagctcatacgccgaagaagcggagagcagtatgggatgcaaaccgagcacagagtatcatcgacattcaagccaagctcgccgccggtaagggtgagggctatcgccgttgggctacagttgagaacctaaagcgaatggcgaaaaccaag
>gene_4123|RepA
atggatttgctgtatactgattcgggtcatttgtgccgtgatttccttgagcatatgacgcacaaaaacatgttgattctcgcgtgtgaaaaatctggtaatcgttcacttatagaccgggcccggaagatggagccatgtgggcggcggctgttgtttgcaataacaaccgatggcgaaatcatgctcgattcggctttgttctgccgacaacggttatgtcctgtgtgccagtggcggcgcagtcttaaggcttacaatgttatgcgtgctgcgtgtgatcatctcggtgataattatagttatcagcttcttactgtttcaagaccaaatgttggcatcgacaagcttagtgatgagatatccgcactcaatcgtaacagcagtgcattgttccgcttggatagggtaaaggctgctgtacatgggttttacagagcaatggaggtgacatataatccggaacgtgatgattttcacccgcatttccatatcataacagcggtgaagccgtcctattatcacagccgttattttataaagcgagctgacatggtggatatgtggaacagctgcaacggacatgaccgcgcagctgccggctatgacctttcgcttgactggagaaaagtcagagatttgaatcatgatatatctgaggttgcgaagtatgtgtcaaagccgttgtccggatatgctgatggtgtaaattcatggaaggcagcctatacgcaggccgctatgataaatgatgttctttccggaaagcgattggtacagactaacggcgtaattcgtgacgctattcgggtcacttctacgctgcgtgagctggaggatcctgttgacttgagtgacggcgttgattcaaataacgttgtcaagcgcattggtttcaggtataatgacggtgactacattcggtatttttag
>gene_17454|recombinase
atgagcattggtatctgccgtgtccagaagatcggagcagcaaaggacattgccggcatccagatacacaatcgccgtgagcgaaccaacagcaacaccaacccagacatagaccatgcacggagcagccagaactacacactgaccgtcacccccaacgaagatctcaaggacggtatgtcaatccgcttctctgatgctccccaagctaccgacaagccctacaatgccctcatagacgagcgtatcaagcaaggatacacagggaagaaagcagtccgcaaagacgctgtgcgttgctgtgaggtgcttttcacggcttctggtgacttcttcgaccaaaatccaaagctgacaaagcacttctttcggctttgcgtggcattcgctgcgaaacgcttcgggattgataacatcattgcagcaacagtccacatggacgaggaaacgccacacttgcacctcgatttcgtccctctgactgccgatgggcgattgtcggcaaagtccgttctgggtggtcgcaaggagatgcagcagcttcaggatgatttctatgagcaagtgagcaggcggttcggcttggagcgtggcagccgtgccgatctggatgcagctgatccagacgagcagccacgcaagcacctgacaacaagggagctaaaggcagccacagcagcacagcttgcagagcaggagcagcagatcgaccttaatcagacagagctgcaagcactggagcagcagatcgacctcaatcagaccgaactgcaagcactggagcagcagatcgacctcaatcagaccgaactgcaagcactggaacaggctctcgatggggtgcaggagcagctgcgtgaagtccgccgacagctcaatcagctcgatgcggagaaaagaaaggcggttctgacagccaatgatgcagagcagcacgccattcttgcagagggacgagctgaacaggcagacaagagagcagaaacagcagagatcagactgcactctgccgaaacaaagctatcagagatcaatgcacagtacgatgcagcagccaaagagcttggcgatgttctcggcaagaaagcccgtgcagccgagatacacaagctgggtgatttgttcggggaaacggttcactatcacaagaacatgcttgaaagcactcgtgcaattggctatgaagcccaccagaagctccagaaagccctttcagccctcgaagaagctaaagcccttgaagtccgtgcaaaggctctacaggctcaaatagagcctttgcagcgacaagcacaagctgatcgagatgcagcagcacagctccggcaagagcaagagcagctgattcagagcagagcagccgagctgaccgacaaacgtatcaagtcaatgtttggagctacgccggacagccggagggaacgtctggaacggttctgtgaaagagtgaagcttccagacggaaagaccgttctggatgtgttcgaggagcaggaacgccgtttgagagccaaaggaaagaactttcatgggatttcgtag
>gene_54809|Replication protein
atgaaaattataacaaaaacaaatgaagatgtcaagcaaatttggaaagagaaaaaactgaacaatttgctaattgcagaaaaacttacaaaagctttgtataatgagaaaagaggttttaaagtgaaaaattgctcaacacaattaatagtgcaaaaatgtaagtgtggaaaacattcacgtgtgaaaggtgctaacctatgccgggataggctctgccctatttgctcgtggcgattatctttaaagcgatatgcggatatgcttaaaaccttagataatatagatttgaataaatacataccttattttttaacattaaccattaaaaattgtgctccggagaacctgggagcaacaatatcacaaatgacaaaagcctggaaaagaatacttaaccgaaaactgttcttagaaagtgtcaagggctgggctcgcagtatagaaactacctttaacaaaataaactttacattgcaccctcatatgcattgcatattattaattgaaaaaggaacggaagctgagaaacttttctcttcggcaaatgctgtgaaggaattgcgtgaacaatggaaacgtgcattagagatagactattcgccaattatagacttgcgccaagtaagcaatacaaaaaacggacaagaatacgaaatggctgaaagtgttctcgaaacattcaaatattgcgtaaaagataaagatttaattgatatgcccttgtcagtatttagagaagtggcaaaagggcttgccggaaaaaggttggtagcatacggaggagtgttaaaaacagctaaagctgataccatagaagataatattgcagaagacattgaccttgtatgtgaaaattgcggtagcgggctaatcgaagtagtgcgcgaatggtcgttcggcaaacaagattatattgacaggataatataa
>gene_21505|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggaaagcttcaccacaatggaggttattaccatgaaagtttgcgtatcatgccatgaaccgcatggaaacatcgataaagcaaaagcacataatacaagggcgcacgtacctataaatgctaacgaagacaaaagcataaataatatcgtcttatgcgacagaacaatagaagaagcctatgaaatagcttttaaggatgcactaacacgatacagcaacaagcaacgcaagaaacatccggaaagatgtatggatgtaaagcaatacctgcagaaaataactgatgaagagaaaagcggaaaaagcggagctcgacatcctttttatggttctgttatacagatcggaaatgaaatcgaacatccagaggatcctaactatctaaagaaaatatatgaggattgggtaaaaagaaatagcgatcatatgcaggtaatttctgcagtgatacacatggatgaaaaaactccacatctccatatactttgggtaccactggcatatagtcctaaaagaggacttagcataaaaaatagtctttcagaagggattcgacaattacttaagccacgtggaatagatattcccagggaaaaaacatcaagatatgtaaatccgatcatgtattggcaagaatcagaaacacgcatcatagaagatcagtgcaaagaatggggaatgtctatcgatagagtagcacagattatccccacaaaagagagattacaagaaatagaatctgggaactacaaaggtgctaaacatgaatctataaaagattacagaagcagaaaaaaagaagaattagctgataagaaaatggaacaagctgacgaaagagtaacacaagcaaaacaacttatatccaaagcattagcaatatcatctacagagactgaaagagattacgttcatgagttaacacgctaa
>gene_50506|Replication protein
atgaatacactatatcaaactttcgaaaataatctaccccccaaaccatattgcacagacgatttattttatggcttaaaaattcgcaacattgaacacgcaataaaaaagcgatatatccaaccaaataaaccaacagacttgaaatggcttgtctatgatgtggacagaagtacaggacattttgattggtatgatgtaaatgcacctgctccaaacttcactgtaatgaatcctgaaaacggacacgctcatttattttacggtttggaagttcctgtttatatgcaaatgggagcaaagcagaaccctatcagatatgtatcaagcattgatgtagcactcacacagaaactcgaagcagacccaaactatgcaaagctgattgctaaaaatccacttcacgattattggactactcatttttggcgtgaagatagctatgatttattcgagcttgcagacaatttagacctttcaaaattcaaagataatcgtgttagacttcctgaaattggacttggaagaaactgtaatttgtttgatgcaacacgcttttacgcatacaaagaaattagaaaacctgtagagaattatttgtttaatgaaatgtacagtcaggaagattttatttatcgttgtcaaacttacgctaaaattcataacacttttgaaattcctttgcctattcgtgaatgtgaaacaatcggtttatctgttggtaagtgggtttataatcatatgtcgccacagggcttcatagaatgggctgagaagcgacgtttacgctcaatcgaagttagacacgaccaaagcgaaaaaagacgctcagaagccctgtatttgcgtgaaaaagggctaaataatacccaaatagctaaagaattaggtatttcaagacggcaagtaataaagtactttaatcttgtatag
>gene_57470|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtctgcaagtgagaaatcagcatttgcaagaaaacgtagtacggaaatagctgggactaaactacaagaccaaacgaacattatgacgtctgttatcgtacattatccgaaagaattgtgttataaaacaataacaacagatgataaaggcgaggcacacgaaacctatttaccgcacgatatgaaacaatgtgagcagtatttctatttggttcatacgtttttggcagaccgttacggaaaagataatgttatttctgcagaagtacacatggacgaaactacaccacacatacattttgcatttgtgcctgaagctacaagcagaaaaacgggtaagaaaacagtatcttcagcaagtttagttacacgtaaagaattgtggcaagtacatcgagatttacaagatttaatgaatatcacatacggcaagaatgattatatactgaacggacgtacaaaaggtgattatactgtatcagaaatgaaacagcgtgattctgatgaaatagatatgaaacgcaaacgtcggaaaatagaaagtgatatgaaatacatcaatgaaacagctgaacgtcaagccgaaaaggaaaaagaacttgaaaaaagggaacggctcgtagcagaaaatgaggaacgtaatagacaaaatgcagaacgtaatcacgaaaaagcattaaaattggcaagaaaagatggtattctcatggatagggaaatgaaatgcgagaaacgagaaaccgctctagacgaacgagaatgcgttttaagggcacgtattgacgaggtagaagaaatatactctaaaatgtctgaaaaggctaaaaacgatgtttctgtgcgttctgcatatgataaattaaaagatttgagagataaagataaaaaatcgacagaaaaggttataagcgtcggatataacaaatgctag
>gene_33658|Rep
atgacgctcgatgaaatgcggatcttatctctaactttgggggtgtttaaccctaaaaatccgtctaaacgtggatttgacttcacggtagcagatttttgcaggcattttcctgacgttaatcctgatatagcttacacgcaagttagaaatgcgatcttaaaaatatctaaacgttgggtaacattggtagataacgagaaagaattaacggaagtggctttaattcataagcgttcatattttaaaacagaaggtcgattttacattgagttccacgatgagctaatcccctacatttccgaattacacgataactacacaaaatatcagcttgtaaatatcggagcatttagcagtacacacgctattcgtctttatgaattatgttctcaatatcgtgatacaggctggcgacaaatatcacttgatgatttaaaaaattggttacaagtttcggataaatatcctcgatataattcttttagagaatgggttttagagcctgcaatcaatgaaataaatgctaaatcagatctacttgttagctttgaacctatcaaacgtggacgtagtattgtagcgttaaagtttaccatcaagacaaagaaaaatgcggtcaaaactgaacagaaacgccctaagttcccacacaaaaaccaatacggtaaatatgtaaaacttgatcgccaaaatccaaaaatgagttcggctgaatatggtaattatgcgaaagattgcttaaaggttttggaagatttttatcaaaatatcgaagatgtgccgaatgaagatttattgttctactggattttcttagctgtaaaccaaagccacaaatcaaaatttggtgcgaaacaaatatttgccgatgagcttaaaaacagaggttacaaaatcgttgattgcgaattagtgaagatagaaaaataa
>gene_40965|recombinase
atgagagtgtcaaaatacaaggcaacggatatgatgggacttcaaaaggaggcacgcagagaactttcggacgataagtattcaaatcgggtcgatgcgtccaggagccaggaaaatgttgtcctggtcgatagcaatcaatggctgcgtgatgcacgtgagaaaattaaggctgctggtgcaacagaacgaaaaaactctgtgattggtctcggtggtttttatggtgcaagtcgtgagtggttcgacacgcacacacgtgaagaagcaataaaattctttacggattgcgtgaagtggcacgaagcacattacggggctgttatttcggctgtggtgcattttgacgagactacaccgcatatgcaagtgatgagtgttcccctgacctctgacggccgtttatcggctcgtgagttggttggaaacaagggcgaactacatcaatcccaaacggatttttggaaagacgtagggcaacactacggaatgcagaggggtcaagaacgtgatgcatcaaagagacgtaaacacgtagagacacaagaacatcgtattgctgagaatgagcaaacgatttgtgagcaattagtagttcttgattcattagaagccaaagctgaaaaatatcgtagagaagtttctgcgtctcaaaagtcaataaattcattacagaataagcgacgtgaagccgaatatgaagccatacacctattagataaggtggagtcaatacaacgtcagattaaggcttctgtggctcttaaacagcaatatagagccgaggaagcgtttgcacgtgaagcattgaaagaagtcaagcgtgaactgtctgaaaaggctgaacggctcaaatctgtgaattatacagaagcattagagaaacgcattgatgagttggaagaattgcttgattttgatagagaacgatga
>gene_4114|Replication initiation factor family protein
atgcgctacaatagaagcaaaaccgacggaaaaaacacgtactccatcgaccggttgacgttcgacctgtacttcgttccgcaagcgggattgacggagaaaatcacggctgcgttcgagctgcaggcggtcaaaaatcggcatcagatggacgttcaggcgttcgaaacgaatcgcctgggaatccacaagcggattttccagttcgatgcgttccacgccgaagtattcgagcgtggaaacgtggtgcgcctggcaagaatcgaaccggagaccggagaccccaagtatgcaaacgtccctggtatcgcacagacggtcgtgcggctcgacttcaacccgaacaattgcacggagaattgcgtcctggatgcggtcatgacgttcctgggcacgtcatgggacacctggccgtatgcatggtcgttgagccgtgtggactacgccctggacgtgcctggcaagcctggagacttctacgtgctttccaggaaggcagagacgttctacgaaaataccaggtactacggagacaggaagagcaccggcagactcaaggtgtatgacaaacgccaggaacggaaggacaaggagcgccgggacatcgggtacgatttgacccggttcgaatggactcagaggggaaaccgggatttcaatttccgcttcgatgacattgcggagtacaccccggaagaaggcggaacatacgccactcttctgcagtactgccgcccggagatgattaaccacgccctgggggtcctggataagcggacacgcaaaaaggtcaaggagcagtgcttccacccactggcccttgacccctcgcagtttgaagttctccttgcggagtacctcgaagaatacggaattccgctcgaataccgaagagactgggaaaagcagttccgagacctcccggcaggatga
>gene_55736|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtcctttttagaagataataacatagaaacgggaaaaagtcaagacaaaatcgaaagaataacaaacagaataaagtataaacaggcactatgtgaacccgtttcgaaggtttttttaggaaatacatatcgtgcatcagcaatcgaaaaagcaaaaaggtatgaagaatgtggtaaatatctagaaataaaccccgaaacaggccacatatacaaagcgaatttttgcaaagagcgtctatgtcccgtgtgcaattatcttaaatcgtgcaataattggcgcaaaattaagcttacagtagacgatataagagaaaataataaacagtgccaattcatatttatgtcgcttacagttaaaaattgcactccaggagcactaaaaagcacaatagacgaattattgacaggttttagaaggctaacaaaccgaaaaacatggaaaaaatgtattctcggcacacttagagggctagaaataacatataactcaaaagaaaatacttttcacccacacatacacatactagcttgtgtgccgaatacatatttttcagagaactatataacaatagaccagctgaggaaatggtggaaagaatcagcacgactagattatttcgtccaggtcgacataagaaaaacaacgggcgacaatgatgccatctccgaggttgccaaatattcgattaaaactgcagaggtcctaagtgtaaataacacagaccaaaaaatagatgcggtaaggaagatgcacatggcaacctacgggagacgtctcattgccaccacaggaatttttaaggaaacaatgaaaaagttaaacgttggcgaccttgatgcaataactgaagagggcaatgccgaaacggaaacaattagacttgtatggagcgaaacaaataaagagttcaatatttgggaggtgtaa
>gene_33804|Replication protein (Fragment)
aatgtaggtgagcagtatgtcaataaggttaaaggtcgttggagtgatatgctcagttacttaactcataaaaatgctcctgaaaagtttcagtatgatgatagcgaagttgtgagtaattttgattggttaaatgaacgatcaacgactaagaataaaagagatgaaagaaaagaggagattttaaatttaatagatgttggaataataagagagtataatatacatgattatttaactgttgttgaatttgataaatataaaaagaatatagataatgcttttaagtttagaattaatagattgatacagaaggtggagagagaaatggagtgctattttgttactggtaaaagtggaacaggtaaaacaacatatgcgaagcaattagcaaaagaaaaaggatattcagtatatataagtagtggaagtaatgacgtattagatagttatcaaggacaggattgtataatcttagatgacttaagaccatcatgtatgggtttaagtgatttattaaagatgttagataataatacttcaagtaccgtaaaaagtaggtataaaaataaggttttagaatgtaaattaataataataactactactttagatatagatactttctttagtaatgtatttaaagaccaagaggaaagttgcgtccaattaaaaagaagatgtggttatcatcttactgtaactatggaagacatatttataaagaaatggttaaaaggtgcgaatgaatatagtaaggctgttcgtattcctaatcctaatagagatttattatgtgagtttcttgaggaggaaagtttaattgaagatataagcgataagtttatggttcctacttgtgatatacagtttcgttcagaccttgaggaaagttcagaacttattgaagatgaccaaattccgttttag
>gene_40200|Relaxase/Mobilisation
acggataacctgcactgtcattttgtcgtcaacagcgtttcctttaaggacggcagcaagttcggaaaccatcagaaggatcatatccggctgagggaaatatccgatcaggtttgccgggagtacggtatatccgttttggaaaattcgagcttttggaaaggtcaaagccgtggtgcctattggtacaaaaaacaaggcggaatgacccaccgggatatgctgcggatggatattgaatacgttctcccgacctgcggttcccgtcaggatttcaagtatcagatggaagcactcggctataccttcgggcgtaccaatgagtattatgcccacgctactatcaccgctcccggctggaaacgtccgattcgtttggacagtctcggttattccggtgaggtgttagacgaccgcatacgagccaactgggatcaaggcgaagaattctatgcgatccttagaggacgaatacagaaatggcggactacggcattagaggatgagataaatcgcttggagttcaccattgaacacagttacgacaccgtgaccgttttggtggatactttgtttctcatccttattaccgttttacagatggcggaagacctgctatcaccggatctacgccacgaggcaagaaatatcgaacagtacgtcagcgactaccgctttctgcaaagagaggacatccacacgatcccgcagttggagcaaagtatatccgctaccaaagaacaaatatccgctttggaaacagaacgttccaaagcggataacacccgccgccgtgcgcatacgcccgaagaaaagcaatctgcaaaggatgagcgcaaggcgatcaccgaaaaaatacgcccgctccgtgaaaaagtgaagcgagccgaaaagattatggagaaatccccacacctatatggcggttaa
>gene_39589|Initiator RepB protein
atgaaaaagaaaaaagaaacaataagcaaaaaacaaatagatgacattggaataaaagcaggactatataatgacaaagaagtaaaagttattgaaaaagaaaactatgagattatgaaagataatagactgattcaaaaagctacttttgattttaatgagcttgaattaaaatgtatcaattatgcaatagcacaaataaaaccaaatcaagattttgatgagaaaactgactttgtaattaaaataaaagagctctgcgaccttatgagaataaaaggtgaaagtgaaaattataataatataaaaaacgcttttaagaaattaagagatacaagtaaatgggtaaaattagatgatggctctgaacttgctttttcttttttagctaaagttaaagcagaaaaaagaacgggagttgtaatagttagattttatgatgaaatgttgcaatacttaaaaaacttacaagagaaaggcaaatatactcctatcactttaatatatacattacgattaaacaaaaaatatgctattcgtttatatgagctttgtatgagttggaaaaataactatgaccctatttataaaaaatatggctttgtattttatcttgataagatgagatacaaatggcaagttcccgaaaaatataaatatgcagatataaaaagaaaaatattattaccaagtaaatatgaaataaacgataaaacaaatcttgatataacaatacacgaattgaaagaaggaaggaaagtaaaaaatctctttatagagatccgagagaaagataaagatgaaatgaaaggactttgtgatgagatagatatgaatagacacgaatttttgcaagacaaacaagttgattatgatattctgaaatacgatagaaaacaagaaaaaaagaaaaaagaaaaagagctataa
>gene_27338|TraG/TraD family protein
cagtcagttttgtcaactgcactgtcaagacttaatgcgttcctggattcagaaatggagcaaattttgtgttttgatacggcgattgatgcagagaaattctgtaatacaaagtctgcattattccttatcatgccggaggaagacaatacaaaatacttcctgatttcacttatcgtacaacagttatatcgagagatgcttgccatagctgatgaatcaaacggtaagcttaagaacagagttatgttttatctcgatgagattggtacaatcccgaaaattgattctgcagagatgatgttctcagcaggtcgttcccgtagaatcagtatcattgccattattcagtcaaaggcacagcttgaaaaaaactacggaaaagaaggtgccgaaatcatttgggacaactgtcagctcacagtgttcggtggatttgctccaaactctgaaacagcagaagtaatgagtaagaaccttggtgagcaaacaatcttgtcaggttctgttactcaatccaaaggtgatggttcccgaagtttgcagatgatgtccaggccgctaatgacggttgatgaacttaaaacacttccacgatttcatttcataatcacaaaaacaggatgtcatccgatgagaacaaaactcgatttgttctttaattggggaatcgaacttaagactgaatatgaggttccgaagaaagctgtaagagaagttttttatgccggaaaagatggtcttatacgagaaattgagagcagagaaggtaaaaaagaaataccggaaacagagacgacttctgcaaaaagtgcagcaggcggtcaaaatatgactcctgtagatgtagaggaaattattgaagaagaaatcatagaagaaaggttgaccatcagcttttacaaaaaagaattcggttgttccgactga
>gene_19719|Plasmid recombination/mobilization protein
atgggaaacctgcagaagataactaaaacctcggctacatccggtattcttgacgaaattgaaagaacgccagaacagaatagaaagttcgatcctgaacgacacgctatcgattcagaacgaacgtatctgaattacagtctgatagatcacggtgtaacacccacagaatacctcaagcagcgtttaagcgaagttaaagtacagaatagggcagacgtcaaagttctcggtcagtgggtctggacaatgccaaaagacctcgacgcacagtaccaagaacaattcttccaagaaatcgtaaattacaatgtggcgaagttcggagccgagaatatctgctatgcacgggtgcatttggacgagacgacacctcatctgcatctgggtatcattccagtcgtcaagattgaaaagcctagatcggatggtaaaaccgaaaaatgctgcgcaaaagatgtgttcaacagagaatatttccaacatgctcattctgatctccagcaatatcttgaaagcaaattaggagtagatgttaatcttctgaatggtgaaacgcttggtgttgacggtattgcaaactataaagccgccaaagaccttgctaaacaaattccgatactggagtccagaatagacgagttgaacgctgaaatcgcagagaaggaagaaaaaataattcacctggataaagaaatttctgaaaaaactgggatactcaataacataaaaaatctgctcgccgctgcaaagaaaaaattggaatcaacattggaatttgtaaaagaccatccgaatatgtttgaaatgtttcttcattggctccaccctgagaagaacgttgaagaaactaaaaagaccgtccgagaatattctaatgagctgaaacggcaacatgaacgctccattgacgatgaccttactctctaa
>gene_34104|Replication initiator-like protein
atggctaacaatgagctatctactccgggcgcactcgtcaagaaatcaaacgccattatccgcacacgcataaccgtgaaaagcgttgaagcgtctaggattctggcgcacctagtcgcttgtattcgcgtagacgaaaaaaggactgatgtacgctactctgtccctgcaaaagacattcttccttatcttggcggagataactacaggcatatcaaggccacctgcaaagaattggcgggggcttttgcagaatccgaagaacctgataacgaggggggacatccggaatatacagtgcgcccatttttctcagagattaaatacaaaaaaggtgttattacagctatgttcaacccggttatgaaagactacctgtttgaactgaaaagctgcttcaccacttacaacctgacggaatatctgtctctccccagtctatattctcagcgtattttcgaaatcgtgaagtccctggcgaacgtcgaagggggagaagccattgtctccatggcagaccttcaccgattccttgattctccgaaatcatttcaagcaaactttaaagattttcggcgttttgttttagaaaaagcccacaaggacatcacggaaaagacgtccttccggttcgagtgggagcctgtgaaagtagggcgttccgttgaaaagatccggttcatcttcaacggtgggaaaaaggctctggccctgaaggagcaggaaaaggccaaagaggagaaacgccggcgcttgaccaatcagcgtttcatccgggctgtggaatgcgccaaggcaaaaggcggagactgccggacgatggacaatgtgcgcatagtctgcaagctctgccgggaaaagaaactctgcgagtccgtccgcaaaacagcaccctatgccgtcaaacaggcttcgttgttgtcctag
>gene_34595|Replication initiator-like protein
atggctaacaatgagctatctactccgggcgcactcgtcaagaaatcaaacgccattatccgcacacgcataaccgtgaaaagcgttgaagcgtctaggattctggcgcacctagtcgcttgtattcgcgtagacgaaaaaaggactgatgtacgctactctgtccctgcaaaagacattcttccttatcttggcggagataactacaggcatatcaaggccacctgcaaagaattggcgggggcttttgcagaatccgaagaacctgataacgaggggggacatccggaatatacagtgcgcccatttttctcagagattaaatacaaaaaaggtgttattacagctatgttcaacccggttatgaaagactacctgtttgaactgaaaagctgcttcaccacttacaacctgacggaatatctgtctctccccagtctatattctcagcgtattttcgaaatcgtgaagtccctggcgaacgtcgaagggggagaagccattgtctccatggcagaccttcaccgattccttgattctccgaaatcatttcaagcaaactttaaagattttcggcgttttgttttagaaaaagcccacaaggacatcacggaaaagacgtccttccggttcgagtgggagcctgtgaaagtagggcgttccgttgaaaagatccggttcatcttcaacggtgggaaaaaggctctggccctgaaggagcaggaaaaggccaaagaggagaaacgccggcgcttgaccaatcagcgtttcatccgggctgtggaatgcgccaaggcaaaaggcggagactgccggacgatggacaatgtgcgcatagtctgcaagctctgccgggaaaagaaactctgcgagtccgtccgcaaaacagcaccctatgccgtcaaacaggcttcgttgttgtcctag
>gene_16300|Initiator RepB protein
atgaacgctagttataacttggatctcgttgaacagcgtttaatcctattggcaatcatcgaagcgagggagtcaggcaaaggaattaacgccaatgaccctctaacaatccatgcagagagctacatcaatcaatttggtgttcatcgagtaactgcatatcaagctctcaaagatgcttgtgataacctgtttgcacgtcaattcagctatcagtccaaaagtgaaaaaggaaacatacaaaatcatcgttcacgctgggttagtgaaattatttacatcgacacagaagcaacagtaaaaataatctttgcacctgctatcgtcccactgattacaagattagaagaacagttcaccaagtatgatattcagcaaattagtgatttatcgagtgcttatgcaatccgcttatacgaattattgatttgttggcgtagcacagggaaaacgccaattattgaattagctgaatttaggaatcgggttggtgtgttagatactgaatatcatcgaattgcccacttgaaagagcgagttattgaacattcaattaaacaaattaacgaacataccgacatcacagcgacctacgaacagcataaaaaagggcgagtgattacagggttctcattcaaatttaagcagaagaagcccaaacaagccgagattgccacagaaacgcccaaaacagccacgaatgacctagatacgataaaaccccttacagagccacagatcgcaaaatacagcatgattctgtgcaaactaggcagtatttcagacttgagtaacttcccagactatccagcttttgcaaattggattgggaacattttgaggaaccctgaaaaagcagatgaacaaatagcaaaacggattttcacagcattgaaaacagaaaccgactacagcaagaaaaactaa
>gene_50982|Replication initiation protein
atgtctctgagcgaatttaagatcttggatacctatctgtctcggatcaacagccacgagcctgagaagcgctctgtggtctttacaaagggtgaattggagcagcttgttggagtgaagaaaataaacaagaagagtttgaccgctcggttaaacaatcttggccgtttcgtagatctccaggatggaaactccaaaaaggtacatcaggttgctctttttgaagaagcttacggtgagatggacgaaaacggcctttggacggtaaagctgacatgtacgcaaaaggcaatgaagtacatattcaacgttgacaagcttggatatctccgatacaagctgcatagcattgtgagcctgaagagccggtatgcctacgtacttttcctttatcttgagcacaatcgtttccggaaaacatggactgtagatctggaggatcttcgcaagatcctgaactgcaccgaagaactttacgacgaattcaagtatttcaatcagcgaattttgagacgcagccaaaaggaactggtcgaaaaaactgagtgccgtttttcatttgaaccggtcaaggttggtcgtagggtcgtcggcgtcagattcactctggccactctggccgacagcatcgaacccccaattcctggacagatgtctctggatgattacgattgcagcgaggatccaaatgcaatctacgccgacgtgctcccggagagcctgacggccgatcaggtcgaagctctccggacgttggccgtaaaaagagccttctggatcccaggaggcctccatcccagggagtgtgccatcgctgactacctacgcgagaaggtagtcatgatgtacgcacacaacagagacgtcaaacatccattcaactacctgaaggccatgatcgagcaggacgaagagatctacagctga
>gene_57997|Putative plasmid mobilisation protein
gtggcaacctatcacctcagcgttaaatttggtggcaaggggcaggctgcaaaccacgccgattacatcgagcgcaaagagaaataccgcgaccgtcaggatttggaatattccgcacacggaaacatgccggaatgggccagggataatccttcccatttctggcaggcggctgaccagtttgaacgtgcgaacggttcgacctatagggaacttgaaattgcattaccccgtgaactgacagcggaacagcgccttgaactggtgcaggattttgtacgtcaggaagccggcgaacggcacgcctggagttttgccattcacaatccgaaagcgagcattgacggcggcgaacagcctcatgcgcatatcatgatgagtcagcgtgtgaatgatggaattgaacgtacaccggaacagtatttccggcgctataacgccaggtatcccgagcggggaggtgcgaaaaaggattccggaagcctgactcccactcagcaaaaagagcagttgcgggaattgcgaaaacgctgggaggtgaagcacaacgaacatatgagaaagcatggctttgaaaggggcttcattgactgccggacgctgaaagaacagggcattgaacgacgtcccgaagtgcatctgggttttgaagctgccggacgacttgatgatgcccagcgtcatgacatcatgcaaaaacggtctgaaccggactattaccgccatcttgaacaggcgcgaatggtcgggcatgacatcagggaatggctggatacaccggttaagcaacatgaactggtcagaaggctgcaacatgatgttgcgcgggagcatggctttgacatgagagacggagtgagcagagagaaccgaactgaacctgaacgggttaaatcaccgtcacgtggattttctatgggattctga
>gene_27020|Replicative protein
ttgcaggacaattttagcacattcaagcccgtgcgtcaatacgtccgggaaaagcgtcacagcgtagccctcgcggaatcgctgcggcgcatcggtgatcggaggtgggcaaacgtggcgaactgctcacaggcccttggaatcaaatattgcgcccaatgcggcgtgaagcatgtagaggtatcatggtgttgccgtcatcgtctctgcggtgtctgcgcgatccgccggagccgcaagacgggccgacaggccctcgatgctttcaagttcatgcaggagcagggtcagcttgacggggcgcgtctggccctgctgacactgacgcagcgcaacgtctccgggtctgatctcgcgtcggaaatggatgcattattatcagcaatgcaatcgataaggcaggttcgcgatgttcgtaggcacatgcttggttcggctcgtaatatcgaagttacctacaattgggcgaaaaaaacgtatcatccccatgtccatatgattgtgatactttcgcctgatgcgcctgatgaaatgtcgaatttcctgtattggcgcgacctgtggcgtaaattgatgcatctgtcgtatgatccgatatgcgatattcggcccatatcagacgcggaaggcgcggtctgcgaggtatcgaaatactgcatcaaaccctcgtcgattttcggtttgcagcttgaccctgctcatcttgatcaggttgtttcaacgcttaattcagtcctcgccgggcgtcgtcttgtgtcctatacgggcatttggcgcaaagctcgtcaagccctcaaccagcgcgatcccgatgaagaccttgagcatgatgacacacagaatgtgtgcggctgcggggcagcactcatggatgctgttctaaggtgggacggtttggaatacaacgcttcgccgtcgcccctgtga
>gene_38338|Replication initiation protein
atgttcaagaataataataacataatcttatcagaaagtcaatcaaaaacattgaaaaagttaagaataaagaaaaaagaaaacgaagcaattattaaatatctcatagaggaagaagaagttgatagagcaaaaagaatatcagaatgtggcacatacgttggattaactgacattggaaatgtaacacacattatcaaatctaatttctgccgagagcgtatctgtgcggtatgtagttggagacgacaggcaaaatttgtttctcaaacaataccgattataaccaaactatctaaggattatacattcttatttctcacattgacaatacaaaactgcagtgcagaagcactaacaaaccaagtggatagattattagaagcattcgcaaagttccgacacaggaagaaaataaagaactctgtacaaggtatgtgtagaagtgtagaaatatcttataatgctaaagacaatacctatcacccacacgtacatatattaatgtgtgttgataaagattattatacagacagttcaaaatatataacacataaagaatataaagaaatgtggcaaaaatgcattggtgcagattatgaaccatatgtatatgtagagcctgtaaaaggcaaagaaaaggctgtaatcgaaacaatcaagtatgcattaaagcctacacaagagaaagaagtattaagtacatttttgtatgcgttaaaaggcaaaaggcttatatccttttgcggcaacatagcagaagaaagaaagaagttaaaatattcatctgtagaagatgttgttgaagatgatttaacggatattagaactacagaaaaaatcacatacaatctattcaaatttgacgtaacaggtggagtttataaattccttgaaaagtatgaattgaaaggagaaagcaaatga
>gene_30838|Plasmid replication protein
atgctattaaatggctatactggagaagagattgctgaagagctgtcaattaaccgaaaaaccgtccagaggataaaaaaagagctaatcgagaataatcccgaattagctcaatctctaaccgagaataagtataacacgtttgttcaaaaaagggaagctaagtttttagtaaaaattaaagcagagcaagccttgtttgaagatacggtagaaggatgggtataccatttaacagcagaagagctaagacaaaaagagagcggtaagtggtggacattcatagtctatccagaaagcgcaccgaaagggtggctagaccgattaagagcattacattgcgaaatagcaataagtccattacatgataaagatgtatggggacatgacagttccgaagtagtggacgaagaaacaggcgaaatcattgaagaagctggcagtagatataagagcggagaccgaaagaaaagccattatcatggtatcataaaatttgcaaaatcagtgagcttcaaagaagccaatgcaatcatccgggaaataacaaacggtccttacgctcaaaagtgtatgagcctgaaaggtgcttatgaatatttcatacacttaaatcatccggaaaaatatcaatacgaaaaatcagaaattgaagtatataacaatttcataatcgaagcaacgcaggcagaccgcatcgtattagtggacgaaatcggcagaaccatcagagagcagaacatgatggatttggaagatattcgtaaatactacgaagggcaatatgaatacatcaacgttatttccctgaagagttattattttgaaaagctaacacaggtcaatttcagaagagcctttccagaaggtagaacacagaaggttcgtatagtacaggaggtagaaaactatggtacagacatttaa
>gene_3421|Mobilization protein
gtgaaatgcagtgccagtaaggccacaccggccaaaggcatcaactacattatggacccggaaaaggtcattgccaaaggtcaccagggctttatcacgcaggatccgaagcagatggcccggcaaatgcttcaaacgatgcaccttcatcataagggctatgatccagaggaacggaaatactatcacgccaaggtagcctttgacccgaaggatcgtccggaaaacggtggtactctggatccagagaaggccaatgactttgcagccaaatacgctgccaagacgtggcctggccgggaagtggtttgggcggttcaggatcatggatccagcatccatatccatttcatcgttgctgcctgcgagcaggaaactggcgggaaactggatgccagagacgccgagtatcgggcatggaaagaccaggctcaggagctggccaaagaatttggcctttccgccctggattggcgtaaagccaccagggcaaagagaggaaaggaaaaccaaggagaatttcctatcaaagaggactttgctgagaagggccgtaaagacagaggtaaaacaacctggaaagacgatttgcgggacatcattgaccaggcagccgccagctcctgcagcatgaccgagttccgctctgctctggcagatcagggcgtaaccctgacacgctgcactgagcagacgatcagctacaagctgggcgatcaccaggcttgtcgtggtgacacgctgggcggtgactacaccatggcagccattcggaatgccttgggacataattccataagagaggaagatcagatccaggaagaggtactacctcaaaagcgcagtctttcagctcgggtgggaagtgctggcttaagatccggatttcaagaccagaaggatatagccaagaaagctacagatgatagaaaaatcagtcaggaagaaaggcagcagctccgggagctgggccgtctggcgggattcaaacggtctgagatagacgagatgtgtgaccgggcatctcaggctacctgggcggaaaaacaggaagcctgggctgactacaaagccgccagggacgaattttgggaggaatacaacatacgcagccaagctatccagaatgagcttaatgaggcgtacaaacaccgtagaatggctaaacagatggaatgggcattagatccccggaaccggcgtaaaagcctcttcggtatcatcttcgctgccatattcctggctaaaaacgatgatgtattctttacggagatccggatcggccagctgaagcgtgagcaggagcagctacgcaaggatatggcagccttcaaatctaccaccggcgaagccgtggaaacccttcgggagaagggtcactccctggatgcctacatggcatctgtcaagcagatgcagaaacaggctgacgagatccagcggaagaacgctgccacgctggatattggccagagggagcagctgcgccgtcaggcagagcagaggaagaataggacccaaaactatggggcacgctaa
>gene_56377|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcacagatcgaaaaatacaatatgcgccaggcgatagcaatcatcgcccattgcgagcgcaccggtggaacgcatagtaacaagaacatcgatccggagcggacgaagaacaactactctctttggccggctggcgatccggatcagctggtcttggatactgatgttccaggacagagcagcgcacggtacgcacaccaacgcctgaagcaacggttatcagaggtaagctgcctggaacgcaaagatgtcaatgtgctctgcgattggtgcattcacctgggcgtcgatacgctgcctggttacgacaatcaaaagcagttcttcgaggcctgcgtcgagtacatatgcagcctttacggccgggagaatgtcgtctatgcttgggtccatatggacgaagagacaccgcacattcacatcggattcgtgccggtgatcaagaagccgctgaagcttcggaagaatgcttcagctgcgacgaagaaggcatacgaagaagccgtggctgcgggtcagacctatgtggatcgggtggacgccgattcggtgatcacccggaggcacttggagtcctggcacccaaagttccaggctgcaatggtttcccagttggggtatgatccaggtatctataccggtgttacgaagtatctcggcggcaatttgagtgtggcgcagctgaagagcaagccacacaattggcgtcaaaagcgcaaccgtgcagctgatgctttccacgatatgcgccgggcaaccaagaccggccagcgagccgggctggatgccgtgattgctgcgtccgatccaggacgcgcaagtattcaaagccaggatcctggcgatcaacaacaaagaggggggtctttggcagatctgatgaaggctgccagggacaaaggtggcagagatggatggtag
>gene_56106|Rep
gtggattatgtcggtgaatttaccgactcgcgattaaaaaccgaggatatcgcaaatcttatgagacaatctgaattgctatcagatagggctttaaagcttgactcttgcggtacctatattggattcagtgaaaccgaatccggtgaatatagtgttacttctgctaatttctgtaggcaaaggttgtgtcctacttgtcagaggcggcgttctttgcgtacctattctgctattagcaaggtttacgacctcgctaataaatccggttatcaattcttgcacgttgtacttaccgttcctaattgcccggatgcggctcttaataaaacctgcaacgacctttttaaaaaaagttcgttgttatttagacgtagtgacgattctcatacgcgtgccgcgtgtcggggcaatgaggaaataaaagtattaaggcgttgcattaaaaacgcattcaaaggcgtttttcgtgcgttagagattacctacaatgaaaaactgccaaccgatcacccgtttgcatttcatccccatttgcattgtttggttgcggttaaaaaaagttattttaccagtcgaagttatatttcgcatgagaaattacaaaaagtgtgggcggcattaaccggagttgataacgtgcaggtttttatcggtcgcgttactgaccgttgctcaagtattgccgaggttgcaaagtacgctgttaaaccttttaagggtaacgttaccgttgatgtgttagaggctttacataaagccttatttaataggcggcttgtacagacctttggtatttttagtgattggctacgtgaggtaggggaagttgatttggatgatgtttttgattttgaagaaaacttttctaccgatttatggtttgagtgggaagggggattttattcgattggcggtttataa
>gene_28289|Rep
gtggattatgtcggtgaatttaccgactcgcgattaaaaaccgaggatatcgcaaatcttatgagacaatctgaattgctatcagatagggctttaaagcttgactcttgcggtacctatattggattcagtgaaaccgaatccggtgaatatagtgttacttctgctaatttctgtaggcaaaggttgtgtcctacttgtcagaggcggcgttctttgcgtacctattctgctattagcaaggtttacgacctcgctaataaatccggttatcaattcttgcacgttgtacttaccgttcctaattgcccggatgcggctcttaataaaacctgcaacgacctttttaaaaaaagttcgttgttatttagacgtagtgacgattctcatacgcgtgccgcgtgtcggggcaatgaggaaataaaagtattaaggcgttgcattaaaaacgcattcaaaggcgtttttcgtgcgttagagattacctacaatgaaaaactgccaaccgatcacccgtttgcatttcatccccatttgcattgtttggttgcggttaaaaaaagttattttaccagtcgaagttatatttcgcatgagaaattacaaaaagtgtgggcggcattaaccggagttgataacgtgcaggtttttatcggtcgcgttactgaccgttgctcaagtattgccgaggttgcaaagtacgctgttaaaccttttaagggtaacgttaccgttgatgtgttagaggctttacataaagccttatttaataggcggcttgtacagacctttggtatttttagtgattggctacgtgaggtaggggaagttgatttggatgatgtttttgattttgaagaaaacttttctaccgatttatggtttgagtgggaagggggattttattcgattggcggtttataa
>gene_19705|Plasmid replication protein
atggcgaaaaaaaagaatgcccctgaaactgacgatgcagctttagaagcattccctgatttgagtagttatggagattttatcacgaagattgaagaaatgcaagattttcgtgaagatgggaagtatgaagcattggaaaaactgggttcacagggtaacgcagtttgtgcaatattctatcctgaaacttatcgaaggttagctgataaaggcataagtagctttgaaaagtttaaggatatgaccgattgggagatacttgaaagcgtatgtgacagattagcaatgaccggatgggaaatcgaagccatgttacacgataagtgtactaatcctgacggcagccataagaaaaatcatggtcacatcatagtaagacagtcatcaggtagtacaacctacagaaaattttcagacgaaataagaaaaataacactcggaccttatccgctttggtgtaggaacgtgttgggaatgcatgaatatctttggcataaaaataatcctgaaaaatatcagtatgataagggattagttaagacgtggaacggctttactgtgccccttggggcagaggaaaagcataaggctcttgaaagtctgatagctgaaataattgaaaatgatattgataattacggcgaattactggcaacgtacatgaatgacgttgcaagatatggcgtgattatcgaaaaggcatattttttcaagcagtatataaaaagctatcgggcaaataagcgtaagtgtataaatgcttatgtaagctgcaatgacgttcccagggaacttaggaagcgtttgagggattccattgacgaacgtgaacaggcagaatttgaaaggcttgtaacagctaaaatgcttgaaataaaggctgaacaggaagcgcttagacgtttaggatttacagaatga
>gene_51498|MobA/MobL family
aaggccgagaacaattatcacgctcatcttattttttcagagcgttcgatttaccgagaaaagcaaggcgagagcatcgccaccagaaatacctacttcgatgctgcaggcaaacgcagcacgaagaaggaatgtctggatgagctcggcaaccttaaagaaggatgtcgacttgtaaaaaagggcgaggcgctttctgaaggtagtcgattcggcgctaagaaaaacatttttgctcaagaggaatggatgcgccaggagaaagagcgcttggttaagttcttcaatacaaacaccagggatgcggaatggaaggtttacgattggaaaagcgatccccattttccttacatcaggatagttaagggggacccggagaaacttaatgcctggagagagcgagagaatgagtggcgaaagacgttcaacgagaacgtcgatcgtcttatcgcttccggtgagctgacaaaagaacaggcgctgcagctcaagttcaaggcccaggcgcacaaggctcgattaagaaaaacaagagcagagaacagaaaagtttggatagaacagtggcaacagaaaaaagatagaacggccgcagaaagggagtatttccgcagccttaggaaaaagagtgtgtttaggcttgcggccgagctcgctcttgctattgttggtgttgacgttgttaagcttcagaccggagttggaaaggccatggcagatggtaagtatctcaagataaatactgatacagacgttcaaagaatgattgatgatgtgtaccgtgctgcaggcaagagaacaccgggagaggagcttctgcttcgagcagctggaggtgacctcgaagcaaaagctttccagggcgagttggaaggcttaaagaactcgcaaaccaaaacaaaaacagccgatatcagccgatag
>gene_3851|RepA protein
atgaataaaatacagccacaattggagttatttccaagttttattggtaatttaccaacaaaaccctactgcacgaatgacttggctacaggtttaaaaatccgtcctaaaaattcggctatttcattcaaatatatacagccgaatagccctttctatcagcattactttgttcttgatctcgattatgaatcagccatgagtgaaattttatattcacttgatggtattccaatgccgaattttgttgctgaaactcctaatagtggacgattacacgcattttttgagcttaaaacaccaatttatacaacagatgcaagtagacagaagccaatcatgctcgcaaatgccgtttatttgcgtttacagcaacttttcggttctgatgttggttactcagggttaatcagtaaaaacccaatacacgagcaatggcgcacgtacagccttagaaaaaaaccttatacgctgactgaattatcttcaaaacttgatattgattggcaagaagcaaaaaaaccgcctaaacagcatgaagccataggacttgggcgtaattgttatatttttcacactgcaagattttgggcgtataaagcggtcagagaatacagaggaaaagcatataataattggctacaggcagttatagaccactgtttaaagcttaacgagggcattacagaaccaatgcagtacaacgagatcagaggtattgcaaagagtattagccgatattgttggaaaaaagacgcatatcactatcaagagtttatacagcgtcaggcatacaaaggggcatcaggcggtaagaagtctaaacgtggctgtaagaatgattcagagcgtacattaaaaccgtgggaagctatggggattagccgagctacattttatcgcagaaaaaatgagaccaaataa
>gene_55089|Initiator RepB protein
atgaatgattatgctgataatactcaaaggagagttcttgatatggaagataaaagattgattgtttcgcaagataacagattgatacaaaaaatcgcaagagatacggacaagaagagaaatctgaaaatgagttcttttattctttctccgtatcaaaagaaatttattttgttgatgatttcgcacttaaagaaaggcgatacagagtttccactggaaaccattacaataagtgattttatatcgcttatgaacatcggaaaaggtggcaatacatatcaaaaagttcatcaatcaattcaagagttaatgtctatatcttttgctattgaagaagaaccgaagaaatggaagtatcttcgctggatagcatctggttgtatcgttgatgagaacacgaatacaatcacaataaaatttgatgattgtcttaaaccatatcttctcaatcagaccgagatgttcaccgcctacgaacttggttacatatcaaaacttaaaaagaaatacagtttgagattgtatgaatttctgcggagttatgcaaagcaaggtaattatagagtgccggttgctgactttatttcaaaaataacggacaaccaatatactcaaatcacagacattgaaaggtatgtaataagaccggcccttgcggaaatctgcgaacatacagacattgttgttaattacatcaaagagaaagaaaagaaagataaaaaaagtaagacaacacatttcaagttttatatcaaattcaaatcagatgatgaactgcgagaaattatcggaacatggggtattgacttggaagatgtaaaaatgattgattttgctgaaagacctaatttccaaaacaagcgagaaaactgcaccaagtttcagcaaatcaaaaaaaatgaagacgacactccgttttaa
>gene_57288|Rep protein
atgtccaatatcaattatactactgacaacttcgattgtcaagtcaaaaaaattctatctaaaacccaatataaaaaaagtctcaatcgtgctgtgatagactggctatatagtgtccgggaagatacaaaggcactagagatacaagagtgtgcaaatcatatcggcattacaaacattaacaatgttgctcatattgtaaaagctgatttttgcaggaatcgtatttgtaacgtgtgtgcatggcgtcggcaaagcaaatttattgcgcaaatgtttccagttttggaaattcttggaaaaaaatacgattttctgtttgcaactctcactataaaaaatgttgtatatgaagaactgcacaaatctataaatatgattttgtctgcatatgataaacttttaaagcgtcgcaaaataaagcggtcttgggttggcaaaattcgtggactagaggtcacttataatccagtaacagatacatttcacccacatatacatatttttgttgcagtaaaaaaagattatttcaccgacgctaaccagtatatatcacaaaatgaacttgcggagtattggcaagaatgtatttcggcagattataaccccatatgtcacatagaaaaggttaccaacacccattcgggagcggtggaaactttaaaatattcttttaagacctcagcaaacagcaatgcattaaaaggatatttctatactttgaaaaatcgcagacttgtctcattttcgggcgtctttgcagacactagaaaatttttaaaacaaagtgattttgacgcagttttgattgatgattttagtcacaatgacgcaaaaaatattttatattctttgtataaatttgacgccacaggtggcgtatataaatattttgatagtttagaactacatatcaaggagtga
>gene_7958|RepB
atggcaaaaaggaaaagtggtagtccgcctgctgcggatcagaagcgtgcaggtacaaggacgcgtaattgggcttttgttgtttatcccgagtctgcacctgcaggctggcgaggaattctcgatgagttgcatgtgccatacttggtaagtccgttacatgacaaagatgctaatgcggacggcactgttaaaaaaccgcattggcatgtgttaatttcgtttggcacagttaaacgctatgaacaagtgcaggaaatcacggataaggtaaacgctcctgcaccgcagaaatgtgagtctttgcagggatacgctcgttatcttacccataaagacaaccctgaaaaggctcaatatgatgctacgcaaatagaggagcatggtggtgcgtgttatctggaatggataaaatcaagtacagatagtcgcaaagcactaattgaaatctttgattttatccgtaataatgatatccgtgattatgataggcttattgatgctcttattgatagtgaccgaagcgatttgtttattattgctacggaagtccgcacgcttgctgtgtccaagtatgtagatgcacgatggaaacggcttaaagcagaggaagataaggcggaaaaagaacggctcacacatgagcgtgaaaaacggcttgaagcagagcatgaatgggactatttatcaagcattggtgatatcattcattctgtctttagtgagagtataaacaacgctgatggtacgcccccgatttgggctgaagtaagggataaaatcgtagaaaagcttgttgatgcaggcttttcgtctgatgctctttcagagtattgctacaaacgaaaagtaaatttgcgtaaaaaatacgaaatggaaacgggttgggacgaagtagaagcccataataacccccttttttga
>gene_33880|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_36659|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_35195|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_22048|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_6092|Mobilization protein BmpH
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctat
>gene_45091|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_43558|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_35589|Mobilization protein
gagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_48494|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_57932|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_37817|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_32930|Mobilization protein
atggcaaaaagaagcgcaacatccatgcacctaaaagccgccaatagcggtgctgaacaacacaacaggcgggagaaaaaactcgactatgttcgtgcagacttgaccccaatgaatgaactatgggagcgtggaggcttcacatcggtcgatgaagaggtggccaaaatcaaagccctctacgagagcaaagagggtgtcggcaagaaatggatcgagacggccaagcccatccaggaaggggttgtcgtcatcgataaaaaaaccaccatggccgacctgcaagacctggcggaagccatcgagcaaaggtttggcgtcaagtgcctccaaatcgccatccaccgggacgaaggccacatgaactccaaggagtggaagccaaacctacatgcccacatgcttttcgacttcaccgattcgagaggccgaaaaatcaagatgggcaggtacgagctgatggagctgcagaccatgacggccgaagccctccacatggaacgaggaaagcactccaccaagaagcacctcgatgccgtcacctacaaggtcaagcagcaggaggagaggctaagagaactacaacggaaactcagtttttccgagagagccctgggcctcatcggtgagagtaaggccgacaaggcctatgccgaactcaaagcggaatacgataagctcacgaaagaaaacgagaagatggccaaggacctcgataagtacgcaagggctgtcgataagctgaccacggacaacgatgagaacctgcggaagattagggagcagaggagggagataaagaggctaaacggcatcatcgacaaggcagacgagaagctgctgcagcaggataaattactttatcccgaaaagtaccgccaagaggaggaacagcagcgttcccgaggaatgaaaagatag
>gene_5264|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atggattgctctaaaacacaagaacgtcgtgcagaaaatcaagttactacgatatttcacaactcaaatatacttccagattatgcttcaaaaacaaagcttgaagtgatgaacgagaatcgtgagaatggtgctaaaacgtcccatgacgttcataacggaacgcctgtttcatggaatacttatcatacttacaaatcgccctgtatcgctctgggcgtgtatgtgcgacaagaatataatgttaaagatttacatgatataacgccgaaaatggttgatagctttttaaaatttgaagctgattgtgaaatcaagtattcaacattcgacaagaattgttctgctattggaaagttctgcgactgcattaacgaacaaaacggctacaagcaagattttcattcagtcatcagtgataatcgtgtaagcgcaaaagatactctgcccgcatctgactacacaacaagagcgtatgacagcccaacggcgattattggtgagctgtctggcaatgcacagatagctgctgaactgcaatattcttgcggtctgcgtatatcagacgcttgctatataaaatcgaaccaatttgacggtcaaaatttaactatacattctaaaaatgggcaatatctgactgtacaagtcaattctgcccttgcagataaaattactgctgaaatcaaagaaaacggcagtttttcaatagcaaaagactcatacagctatcagctgcagaaggcgtgtgcagccgtaggcgaggaatttcacggctctcatgggctacgacataattttgcacaagagaaaatgcttgaatgtacaagcagtggtatgagctttaataaggctctgcacgttgttagcgaagcgatggggcatcaccgcccagatattaccaaagtgtatttaagatag
>gene_48036|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgcagggagccttccctgcagaaaggagaatcatggcaagagtagagaaatacagcaaggctgccataggtaatctgttcgctcattttgagcgaaaacagaaactgaacaaagaaaccggagagatggaatatgtcaaattcggtaatcgagatatcgataccaggtacacacctctgaactacagagtgtggccaccgcttgattttgaaacagctgaaacaagagatatctttgtttcccaggaaacacaagatatctgggacgctctggagcaggatgcggaagagcctgctctgaccaggttccgcagaatattccgcagcacacctcactcaaaccgaaaagacttgaagtgtttgtgtgattggtgtatttcgctgccagacggaatccctgcagaccgtatggacgagctctgggatatctgcatc
>gene_21631|Replication initiator protein
atggcgaaaaattttgaaatcatctttaatatggacgcacctgttactatggcggatggttcatataaactttgggatattgacgaagcaataaaaattgctaattcacataattgtgaatgggtttgcgctccacatattcctgacgaaatgtcaaaatttaatcattggcattttggaatgcatacaggatcagataacacttatgaaaatattgctaaatggtttggacttcctgttaatgctattcagaaaataaaaggtcaattctattctacataccttctttacatcgtccattatgaaaaagaaggtaaaacgcctgtaccgtttgacaaagtaaaaagcaattttgctttagattatgaaaaactaattgctaatatcaaagttaaaaaacaggatgatgaaattttaaataaattagcaagaggtgatataacggaatatgatttatatgcaaatcaatctgaagaatggtgtagaaaaaatcttaaaagaattaatgacgctttaattgtgcgttctaaaaaatttgtgatatctaaaagggatagagaaatggaagtcatctatatttacggtcccgcccgttgtggaaaaagcacacttgctaaaaaactatgcacagataataaccaatcgttttatgtttcttcatccggtaaaaatccgtttgatgattatatgggacaacaggctattattcttgatgatgttagaccatctgattttaaattttcagagcttctgaaagttcttgataatcatatgagttctaaagtatccgcaagatatcataatgtcgatttaaattgtcgggttatgtatataactacaattttgcctttagatgatttctacaaagcggttcagttatcagatggcgaagcggttgaacaacttaggggtagaatt
>gene_43606|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgaggaagttcactcactctcaattagggggtattttcgctcatgactttagggtaaaggacaattacggatcaaacccagatatagaaaaaagtcgatcgaaagacaacataacttatcttaattctggggtggcaaaaggcaccccagatagtgttattgagtttgtcgatcgtagggcaaaagcgactactgggagaaaaaatgctcgatcagttatgattaacgagttcataatcacaagtgataaagaagcttttaaaggttgggacaaaaacaagttaactcaatttacaaaagatacttataatttctttcgcaaccgatacggtaataaaaactttgcttatgctactttacacttagacgaaaaaacacctcatattcatttaggggtaatgcctatcacaaaagataatcaacttaactcaaaaaagatattcgatcgcaacgagttaatatcactacaaaaagactttgttagtgaggttggatcgaaatatggtctagagaaaggcgatggcaaaggacatcatcattacaacacaaaagaatttaaacgattaactaactatataagtgataatcaaaaaacaattaaatatggtaatttcttaaacaagttatacaataatccaaaaagtaaacatggactaatcgaagaagtccatagaatacatacaataggaaaactcaaaaactcatttttagaaggtgctttaaatagttcaagtgtcggtggtgctattcaaaaggatccatattggcaagaactcgaagaagaagaacgcaaaaagcagcaagaacaagaagaattagaaaacgatgataacgaaattgaaatgcctggtccataa
>gene_33812|Replication protein VP4
atgtatgctacaggtaaaaaaactaaaaacggtaagcgtgagtatacgatgcatgttccttctgtgcctttgtatcaactacgagccggtatagactatattcaagttccttgcggttcttgtattggttgtaggcttgattatagccgttcttgggctattcgtgcgatgcacgaagcttctttgtatccgcaaaatagctttgtaacattgacatatgcccctgaatttcttcctactgacaagtcgcttcatctggatcacgtgcaaaagttttttaaacgactgcggaaaaagtttaaaggcaagaaaattcgtctaatgtactgcggtgaatatggcgagaaaatgggtcgccctcattatcatgtgatactgtttaatcaccagtttgatgatttatgtctctggtctaaacgtcatggcaatttatattggcgtagcgaaacactcgaaaagctttggccgtttggcatgtgtatcattggtcaagttacgtttgaatcttgcgcgtatgttgcgcgctatatgactaaaaaactaaaaggtaaaggctactgcgtagattttgagactggcgaaacaaacattagtaaacattatgatggtcgttgtccagagtttcagcatgtttccaaccgtcctggccttggtcaagcatggatagaaaagtattataaatctgtgtatgctattgatgatattgtatttcgtaatgatttacattgtaagccacctcgatattatgatgagcagttggctaagattgattcagcgttatatgctgagattaaagattctcgcattggcaatatggcaaataagcttagtgagcagttatcacgcgaagaggctataaaatacttaaaagtacgccaattagtacgtacttttgaaattgatttaaatgaaattgaataa
>gene_14676|Replication initiation protein
atgactaatattgaagattttctaaacaaatcggcggagtataaacaaaaatctatacagatggcgcatctgttcgaacattcgccattttacacagaacgagaaaaagctgatttattgtatcattgcgccgattctttaatattaaacaatatcaaagacggtagcgataaattcatgtcacgttattgtcgtaatagatactgcccacaatgtcaatatcgtaaatcagttaaacaatacggcgaaataattcaagttgcagataagctgaattgtgcatggttgcatatggtattaactattcgtaattgtagcgctccagatttatcggacacaatcagcctattatacacaaactctacaaagctttacaacaataacaagcgcgcatttaaaggtatgattcgttgttgtgaagtcacttacaaccgcgattcagatagttatcacccacatttacattgcttagtttcagtcaataaatcatacttcacatcacgatattatattaaacaatctgcattgctccagcaatggcgcgcgcttatcaaccgtaataaagacggtgggctttacatatctaaagtaacggataaatgttcatcagttgcagaagtagctaaatactgcctaaagccgttagatgccgatatccccgataacattaaactcgcagtatatcgaaacatttttacagctttaaagggtcgtagattgatacaaacctttggcaacattacaccagcaattaaagaaataaaaaacaactataaaccattagttgcagaagatgatatcctttgttctacagtatattattacaacggttcaaattatgaaccgactgctatatctaacaaaattacaaatacagtttacaatctaaaaaatgttaactcaatgaaagagggggtgtaa
>gene_16029|Mob/Pre
atggtactgacacaaccgaaaggactgacagaggagcaaagcaagcaatttttcaaggaaagctattcttttatatctaagaggtacggagaggaaaatatttgctctgcttgggttcatctcgatgaggaaacacctcacattcatataagcctattaccgataaacaaggaaactaaccgatgtagcgcaaggggtgtattttctaaagaggaacttcaagcggtacactctgacctacaaaaacaccttgataatagcttggaatttaaagcgaatgtgctgaatggagcaacacacggggggaataaaacagtccaggagctgaaagctgaaagcctggcaaaagaaaacctggagctacaaaagcaattaagagccgaacaaatgaaactgagatttttacaggacgaacttgagcaaactcaagataaaaatatgagaatagaaacgcaaacaagggcaatcgaagaaagatacaccgatataactgaacgattattcttagagggagaaaatgagaggttaaaggctcaacttgctgaagtagtacctaaagccgattttgatgaggttatggaacagtatgaaaaggcttataaactgctagaaagtgctgacgcttattttgatagaatagggggaaaagaggactttataaacttccatagagcacggcactctgatatagaaaatgacctataa
>gene_55864|Mobilization protein
atggcaaactatgcgaagtacaccaagggagcgtcaggacatatgctcaagcactacgagagagggaaggacgagcaaggggaatacgtgaagtttggcaatcaggacatcgacctgacacggacacacctcaactacaacctcgcaccagaacacaaccagttggacttcatacatgagaggttggaagaggtctactgcatgaagcgaaaagacgtgaatgtgatgtgtacgtgggttgttaccgctcccaaggatttggaagagggcagagaaagagagttctttcaagaagcctatgatttcatggctgacaagtacggacgtgataacgtggtttctgcatacgttcacatggacgagaagtcaccgcacatgcatttctgctttatgccgatagtcgaagaccaaaagagagggttaaaggtatctgcaaaggagtgtgtcacacgtagggacttggagcggtttcatggagagctgcaacagcacatggagagcagagggatacagtgcagcatagtgaacgaagcaaccttagagggtaataaagccattaaggagctgaaaagaggaactgcacgtcaggaactggaagagatacagcagaagcagaagatagccacagcagagtatgacgaagccttaaaaggagcgttgcatattctgaaccaaaaaacaaccgtatcaagagaactgcaagcggtcacggaagagctgacggataagaaaaaagagttggaggacattccgagacagatagcagagaaaacgcagtatgcggttgatatggctaagatttggtacggtgatccgaatgaaatagaacagcaggcaaaggagcagaaagccatattggagcagacacagtcaagagtggcagaagctgatgagctgttacaacgtaccgtaggcagacacagaaccgtatctgcagaagtggaacagctgacagaggacaaaggcaatctgcagaaagagataacggacgcacagaagcagttaaaggctttacaggggcagattttgagtcaggaacaggttagagcctttacaatcaaaaaagggctgtttggtggctctaaggctgttatagagggtactcctgaagaattgcagagtttaaaggcaacagctgaaagagtacacgaagcggatgagctggcaagtaaggcaacgagagtattaaaagaccgtgataacatcataggcaaagccaagagagaagcggaaagtatcgtgattactgcacgcaatgaagtgtcaggagctgatagaaagattgagcttgctaaaatccaggctaacgatatcttaacgaaagccaggaacgaagcaagcggtatcatagaggatgccaaaaaggaaagccttcaggaacgcatggaacgtgcgacacgtgaagcaaatttggaaaataaggtcaaacactttgagagagttctggaagcttctccggaactgcaagaacactttaaggagatagaaggacagctccggatgcaacagaaccggacaagaggtctgcaccgctga
>gene_2993|Mobilization protein
atggcaaactatgcgaagtacaccaagggagcgtcaggacatatgctcaagcactacgagagagggaaggacgagcaaggggaatacgtgaagtttggcaatcaggacatcgacctgacacggacacacctcaactacaacctcgcaccagaacacaaccagttggacttcatacatgagaggttggaagaggtctactgcatgaagcgaaaagacgtgaatgtgatgtgtacgtgggttgttaccgctcccaaggatttggaagagggcagagaaagagagttctttcaagaagcctatgatttcatggctgacaagtacggacgtgataacgtggtttctgcatacgttcacatggacgagaagtcaccgcacatgcatttctgctttatgccgatagtcgaagaccaaaagagagggttaaaggtatctgcaaaggagtgtgtcacacgtagggacttggagcggtttcatggagagctgcaacagcacatggagagcagagggatacagtgcagcatagtgaacgaagcaaccttagagggtaataaagccattaaggagctgaaaagaggaactgcacgtcaggaactggaagagatacagcagaagcagaagatagccacagcagagtatgacgaagccttaaaaggagcgttgcatattctgaaccaaaaaacaaccgtatcaagagaactgcaagcggtcacggaagagctgacggataagaaaaaagagttggaggacattccgagacagatagcagagaaaacgcagtatgcggttgatatggctaagatttggtacggtgatccgaatgaaatagaacagcaggcaaaggagcagaaagccatattggagcagacacagtcaagagtggcagaagctgatgagctgttacaacgtaccgtaggcagacacagaaccgtatctgcagaagtggaacagctgacagaggacaaaggcaatctgcagaaagagataacggacgcacagaagcagttaaaggctttacaggggcagattttgagtcaggaacaggttagagcctttacaatcaaaaaagggctgtttggtggctctaaggctgttatagagggtactcctgaagaattgcagagtttaaaggcaacagctgaaagagtacacgaagcggatgagctggcaagtaaggcaacgagagtattaaaagaccgtgataacatcataggcaaagccaagagagaagcggaaagtatcgtgattactgcacgcaatgaagtgtcaggagctgatagaaagattgagcttgctaaaatccaggctaacgatatcttaacgaaagccaggaacgaagcaagcggtatcatagaggatgccaaaaaggaaagccttcaggaacgcatggaacgtgcgacacgtgaagcaaatttggaaaataaggtcaaacactttgagagagttctggaagcttctccggaactgcaagaacactttaaggagatagaaggacagctccggatgcaacagaaccggacaagaggtctgcaccgctga
>gene_50518|Mobilization protein
atggcaaactatgcgaagtacaccaagggagcgtcaggacatatgctcaagcactacgagagagggaaggacgagcaaggggaatacgtgaagtttggcaatcaggacatcgacctgacacggacacacctcaactacaacctcgcaccagaacacaaccagttggacttcatacatgagaggttggaagaggtctactgcatgaagcgaaaagacgtgaatgtgatgtgtacgtgggttgttaccgctcccaaggatttggaagagggcagagaaagagagttctttcaagaagcctatgatttcatggctgacaagtacggacgtgataacgtggtttctgcatacgttcacatggacgagaagtcaccgcacatgcatttctgctttatgccgatagtcgaagaccaaaagagagggttaaaggtatctgcaaaggagtgtgtcacacgtagggacttggagcggtttcatggagagctgcaacagcacatggagagcagagggatacagtgcagcatagtgaacgaagcaaccttagagggtaataaagccattaaggagctgaaaagaggaactgcacgtcaggaactggaagagatacagcagaagcagaagatagccacagcagagtatgacgaagccttaaaaggagcgttgcatattctgaaccaaaaaacaaccgtatcaagagaactgcaagcggtcacggaagagctgacggataagaaaaaagagttggaggacattccgagacagatagcagagaaaacgcagtatgcggttgatatggctaagatttggtacggtgatccgaatgaaatagaacagcaggcaaaggagcagaaagccatattggagcagacacagtcaagagtggcagaagctgatgagctgttacaacgtaccgtaggcagacacagaaccgtatctgcagaagtggaacagctgacagaggacaaaggcaatctgcagaaagagataacggacgcacagaagcagttaaaggctttacaggggcagattttgagtcaggaacaggttagagcctttacaatcaaaaaagggctgtttggtggctctaaggctgttatagagggtactcctgaagaattgcagagtttaaaggcaacagctgaaagagtacacgaagcggatgagctggcaagtaaggcaacgagagtattaaaagaccgtgataacatcataggcaaagccaagagagaagcggaaagtatcgtgattactgcacgcaatgaagtgtcaggagctgatagaaagattgagcttgctaaaatccaggctaacgatatcttaacgaaagccaggaacgaagcaagcggtatcatagaggatgccaaaaaggaaagccttcaggaacgcatggaacgtgcgacacgtgaagcaaatttggaaaataaggtcaaacactttgagagagttctggaagcttctccggaactgcaagaacactttaaggagatagaaggacagctccggatgcaacagaaccggacaagaggtctgcaccgctga
>gene_53315|Mobilization protein
atggcaaactatgcgaagtacaccaagggagcgtcaggacatatgctcaagcactacgagagagggaaggacgagcaaggggaatacgtgaagtttggcaatcaggacatcgacctgacacggacacacctcaactacaacctcgcaccagaacacaaccagttggacttcatacatgagaggttggaagaggtctactgcatgaagcgaaaagacgtgaatgtgatgtgtacgtgggttgttaccgctcccaaggatttggaagagggcagagaaagagagttctttcaagaagcctatgatttcatggctgacaagtacggacgtgataacgtggtttctgcatacgttcacatggacgagaagtcaccgcacatgcatttctgctttatgccgatagtcgaagaccaaaagagagggttaaaggtatctgcaaaggagtgtgtcacacgtagggacttggagcggtttcatggagagctgcaacagcacatggagagcagagggatacagtgcagcatagtgaacgaagcaaccttagagggtaataaagccattaaggagctgaaaagaggaactgcacgtcaggaactggaagagatacagcagaagcagaagatagccacagcagagtatgacgaagccttaaaaggagcgttgcatattctgaaccaaaaaacaaccgtatcaagagaactgcaagcggtcacggaagagctgacggataagaaaaaagagttggaggacattccgagacagatagcagagaaaacgcagtatgcggttgatatggctaagatttggtacggtgatccgaatgaaatagaacagcaggcaaaggagcagaaagccatattggagcagacacagtcaagagtggcagaagctgatgagctgttacaacgtaccgtaggcagacacagaaccgtatctgcagaagtggaacagctgacagaggacaaaggcaatctgcagaaagagataacg
>gene_40428|protein rep
ttgtattctatcataaaagaagacgaatgtcaagaattacaagacaatcagcttaataaaattgcggataaaatgagaattaaagaaagacttattccatatatcacaaaaatatataaaaatgaatatgacaaaaattttctcattgaaagcagaaacaaaaatttaattaaagcatataaagactgcggaacagaaatctttaaaaatgatagtcaaatagtcggagcaaacttttgtcatcaaaggctgtgtccggtatgtaatttaagaaaatctaatataacatatcataaaatcgaaacaatagtcaaagagttaaataataaagattttgttttgattacattaacggtaaaaaactgtcctataaattgggttgaaaacactataaataatttaatggcatcattccatagaatggtaaacagaaaaacttggaaaagggcgataaaaggatattttagaacattggaaattacatataacagcaaggaaaatacttttcatcctcatatacatatcctttgtaatttggatgaagattattacaacggatattatctgaataatcaagatattagaagaatgtggcaagaaagtgctaaacttccatattatgtgcaaacagatattagaaaggtagaagaaaaagaaaacgcaatcgcagaagtagcgaaatatgcagttaaaatgtccgatattttatctaacaatgtagacagcaacagattaaaggcaacacaaattttgttgtctgtgctaaaaaataggcgactgatagcaacaggaggaaacattagcaagatagcaaagcaattaaaaataaatttagatgaagaatatacatccgaagaaataacttcaaaaacattattatataaatatcaaaacggacaatattatcaaattgacctataa
>gene_18395|Rep
aaagcgctgaaagctgattatacaccaatagttgacgtgcgtaaatgttatggcggtagtaagtccatagccgaagcttgtaagtatgctgttaagccgtcagatgtaattaatcccagtgactgggatatgactgttgaaactttgcgtattttggatagtgcattggaacgtagacgctttataggacttggtggtgttatcaaagatatacacaaacagttgcgtcttgatgacccagaggacggcgaccttgtacatacaacagaagtcgcccccgaatcggaagcgactgcacaagaaattatttacttttggaatggatacaatcaatacactacttaa
>gene_18400|Rep
atggttataacggaaagtcaagttttagttgacaagtcacggaatggaaaaattaagccttgggctttgcataagttgaatagcggttatatcgctttagcctatgaagatgtagatccccgaaaggcggaacgcatgagagaatgtgccaattatctcgcttttatgcgtaaggatgacggcagtatgaaattacatgatgcaagattttgccgtgttcggctgtgtcctatttgccaatggcggcgtagtctgaaaacctttgctcagatgtcgcaagtattggaagttgccagtcaagattatgcttttatttttgtcactctgactgtgcgtaattgtgatggctcagtgctttctcagcaacttacagatttatttttggcgtttaatcgtctgattaaatataaagatgttggcaaggtagtaaagggtttttatcgtggctgtgaggttactcacaatatctgtactgatacatatcacccacatttacattgtatttttgcagttaataaatcatatttcaaatcaagagattatatttctcagtctaagtttaccgaattatgg
>gene_54327|Putative replication protein
atggttataacggaaagtcaagttttagttgacaagtcacggaatggaaaaattaagccttgggctttgcataagttgaatagcggttatatcgctttagcctatgaagatgtagatccccgaaaggcggaacgcatgagagaatgtgccaattatctcgcttttatgcggaaggaggacggcagtatgaaattacatgatgcaagattttgccgtgttcggctgtgtcctatttgccaatggcggcgtagtctgaaaacctttgctcagatgtcgcaagtattggaagttgccagtcaagattatgcttttatttttgtcactctgactgtgcgtaattgtgatggctcagtgctttctcagcaacttacagatttatttttggcgtttaatcgtctgattaaatataaagatgttggcaaggtagtaaagggtttttatcgtggctgtgaggttactcacaatatccgtactgatacatatcacccacatttacattgtatttttgcagttaataaatcatatttcaaatcaagagattatatttctcagtctaagtttaccgaattatggaagaaagcgctgaaagctgattatacaccaatagttgacgtgcgtaaatgttatggcggtagtaagtccatagccgaagcttgtaagtatgctgttaagccgtcagatgtaattaatcccagtgactgggatatgactgttgaaactttgcgtattttggatagtgcattggaacgtagacgctttataggacttggtggtgttatcaaagatatacacaaacagttgcatcttgatgacccagaggacggcgaccttgtacatacaacagaagtcgcccccgaatcggaagcgactgcacaagaaattatttacttttggaatggatacaatcaatacactacttaa
>gene_30725|Rep protein
atgggtttaaagattaagagtttagaagaacattcaagacctagttcctgtgatgaagttagagtcaaagaaatgggaaatgtaatagaaattatgtattctgaaagaacaaatcatcaaatttttattaaaaaaataagtgatacagagtatatagatttaagaactggagaagtaaaagaatgtaataaaatagacaatagagctgaaaacttaaattcagtcaggcagtcattaggtaggttgcgtgacttattaaacactaatataacagatgtatcaaaatgtcgttgggttactcttacttatgcagaaaatatgacagactctaaaaggctttatgaggattttaagaagtttaatatgagaatgagatataagggttataaatatgaatatatagtctgtatggagccacaaggtcgtggtgcatggcattgtcatttagttatgatatttaatgataaagcaccttatattccaaatgatgaaatggcaagtatttgggggcatggttttacaactacaaaaaaactagatgatgtcgacaacgtaggagcatacttgacagcatatctgggtgacatggatatgtcagattttgaaaatcttagcgatgatgagcaaaataagatgagggtatttgggcttaaagaagttgaaattgatggagtttctaaatctatacttaaaggagcaaggctacatatgtatcctccaaaatttaatttatatagagcaagtagaggaataaagaaacctatagttagttacgaaaaagaaattgaagcacaaaaaaaagtaagtgctggaacacttactttcgaaaagactatcgagttgtccgataaggatagtcaattcaacaatacgattaactatagacattataacttaatacgcaagtaa
>gene_30117|Rep protein
atgggtttaaagattaagagtttagaagaacattcaagacctagttcctgtgatgaagttagagtcaaagaaatgggaaatgtaatagaaattatgtattctgaaagaacaaatcatcaaatttttattaaaaaaataagtgatacagagtatatagatttaagaactggagaagtaaaagaatgtaataaaatagacaacagagctgaaaacttaaattcagtcagacagtcattaggtaggttgcgtgacttattaaacactaatataacagatgtatcaaaatgtcgttgggttactcttacttatgcagaaaatatgacagactctaaaaggctttatgaggattttaagaagtttaatatgagaatgagatataagggttataaatatgaatatatagtctgtatggagccacaaggtcgtggtgcatggcattgtcatttagttatgatatttaatgataaagcaccttatattccaaatgatgaaatggcaagtatttgggggcatggttttacaactacaaaaaaactagatgatgtcgacaacgtaggagcatacttgacagcatatctgggtgacatggatatgtcagattttgaaaatcttagcgatgatgagcaaaataagatgagggtatttgggattaaagaagttgaaattgatggagtttctaaatctatacttaaaggagcaaggctacatatgtatcctccaaaatttaatttatatagagcaagtagaggaataaagaaacctatagttagttacgaaaaagaaattgaagcacaaaaaaaagtaagtgctggaacacttactttcgaaaag
>gene_15716|Rep protein
atgggtttaaagattaagagtttagaagaacattcaagacctagttcctgtgatgaagttagagtcaaagaaatgggaaatgtaatagaaattatgtattctgaaagaacaaatcatcaaatttttattaaaaaaataagtgatacagagtatatagatttaagaactggagaagtaaaagaatgtaataaaatagacaacagagctgaaaacttaaattcagtcagacagtcattaggtaggttgcgtgacttattaaacactaatataacagatgtatcaaaatgtcgttgggttactcttacttatgcagaaaatatgacagactctaaaaggctttatgaggattttaagaagtttaatatgagaatgagatataagggttataaatatgaatatatagtctgtatggagccacaaggtcgtggtgcatggcattgtcatttagttatgatatttaatgataaagcaccttatattccaaatgatgaaatggcaagtatttgggggcatggttttacaactacaaaaaaactagatgatgtcgacaacgtaggagcatacttgacagcatatctgggtgacatggatatgtcagattttgaaaatcttagcgatgatgagcaaaataagatgagggtatttgggattaaagaagttgaaattgatggagtttctaaatctatacttaaaggagcaaggctacatatgtatcctccaaaatttaatttatatagagcaagtagaggaataaagaaacctatagttagttacgaaaaagaaattgaagcacaaaaaaaagtaagtgctggaacacttactttcgaaaagactatcgagttgtccgataaggatagtcaattcaacaatacgattaactatagacattataacttaatacgcaagtaa
>gene_6770|Rep
atgagcacaacgagcacggagacctggggccagctgtggttgcctctgtggccattggcctcggatgacctgctccacggcatctaccgcaccagtcgccacaacgcactggggcagcgctacatcgaggcgaacccccaagccctgtcgaatctcctcgtcgtc
>gene_33902|Replication protein VP4
atgtaccgcactggtaaaaagacaaaaaacggcaagacggaatatacaatgcatgtgccgtctattcctttgtatcagctgcgtgcaggcgtggattatattcaagttccttgtggaagttgcattggttgtcgcttggattattcacgttcttgggctattcgtgcgatgcatgaggctagtctacaccctgaaaactcgtttttaacgcttacgtatgcccctcagtttttgccgcctgataggtcgttacatctaaaacatgtgcaagattttttaaaacgattacgtaaaaagtttaaacataaaaagatacgtattatgtattgtggtgaatatggcgaaaaaatgggtcgtccccattatcatgttattttgtttaatcatcagtttcacgatttaaggttatggtctaagcgtcatggtaatttttatttcaggtcggacacactcgaaaagctttggccgtttggtatgtgtatcattggtcaggtaacgtttgagtcttgtgcctatgttgctagatatatgactaaaaagctgaaaggccgtggttattgcgttgacttcgagactggtgaaactaatatcagcaaacattacgatggccgtactcctgagtttcagcatgttagtaatcgtcctggccttggccaggcgtggattgagaagtattacaagtctgtttatgctattgatgatgttgtatttcgtaatgatttacattgcaagcctccgcggtattatgatgagcagttagcaaaactagatcctgcgttgtattgtgaaataaaagataaacgtgtagacaatatggctaataagttgcaggaagagttaagccgcgaagaggctgttaaatatttaaaattacgtagactcatacgagtgtttgaatcagatttaaatgatatagagtaa
>gene_29278|Replication protein
atgagtgatgagaataatatagtgtcttcggaaattgatgatattcctgatgagatatggtttgctggtagggagtataatcaggtagaggatacatatggggaagggactcctttccaggatgatgacgatatagattatatcaagtcattgtcgttccatgatcagagaggtttggagtggtaccatcagaagaatgagtatctgaggggcaataagaatctgagagaaatcaatacttccgacttcctacatttattgttctgtagggagaatgatgatatgcttccattcgaggaacagtggtgtgaagcttatgactggtggacctcgcatccgagatcagccaagaggccgccggaacatccttacgtttacaatggaatcgcccaggcaatatatggaaaaagaaagcgggccgccgatcagaagaacaaaacattcgttatcacaagtaaggtcgagcagctgaatgaaattctgcagcacccgttcgtgatcatatcaccagtatcatatacaggcaagagaagaactaagtcgaacgcccgatatctatacgcaatagcaatcgatatcgatagcgtcgaggcgaagaatctagataaccttttgtatcagtcagatccgaccaggaatgttcctctgactttcccacagccacagatcatcgtgaattctggttcgggcgtccatatatatttccttcttgagacacctcatccgatgtttaatgatgtgtatccgattctcaataagatcaagaaggagctgacccgaagagtctggaataggggagtcacgcatgaagatccacacaagccgcagttccagggcaactgtcaaggcttccgactcccaggaacccagacgaagaccaggcagaaggttacggccttccaaaatatcaatcctcatgtaaaaccgttctacaagctgacagacctgatggctaacggaggaggattcctttctgatgaagagcaggagctgctcaagaaaggaatatacaatccaaagagaatctctcttaagcaggcgagggaactctacccagaatggtacgaaagaagaataatacagggacataagtctggacgttggtacgtcaagcgtgacctgtacgattggtggaagaagcagatctcagagaaggtgtctgtcggtcatagatacttctgcttgatggcacttgctgtgtatgcagcgaagtgcaatatagaggaagaggaattcatgaaagacctggagagtttcgtcgagccattcgacggcatctcatatacaagaaatgaagacgaccgcttcacgatggatgatgcacttgacgcagcagctgcttaccgagagtgttactgtacgttcccgatagaggatctgagagacatcacaggaatagaaatagccaggaataagaccaggaagttcaagaagcaggataagcacctggaagaagctcgagcaatccgagatgtccgacaaaagagagagggaaggatctggaacgagaacggtatcaagaataataagctggtcgagatcttcgagtggagaaagaacaatccggaaggatccaagtacgcctgcgcaaaagagctaggcatatccaaaccgacagtcatgaagtggtgggatgcgaccgaggaaacaatcgagcgggagaacctgagaagaatggagatgcttgaggagaggaagctgaccatcagacagcagatctatgaagcagaactctccgaactccatgatatcggagcaggattcaaccgaggatatctgtcggataggaaggccgcagatcttgtcatgcagaatacagccgggtatgatcagcagtcatctgagaccatcaagaagactggtgacgatcttgcggatcttataaatttctcagaggtttctctcgatgaggttatgcgtgtgatgggaataccagaaccgatgattccaatactgaaggagcagatgagagaggcgatgaagactccagaattttggcagcaatacaaggcggccaatccgacagtagataccagcaagtggccgaaggaaatccaggagcgattcgagaagaagatgaaagacaactaa
>gene_28408|Ti-type conjugative transfer relaxase TraA
atgaaagctttatatttaggctgcacaccattgcgaaacgtcaaaggcagaattaaatacataaccggcgaaaccggaaagcaggaacatttatatgctgtttctggtaatttgaatatgtcgttctggaatcagctggccaaggagagccaggagaccttcgctgcatccggtaataaccgtctgcagaagaaaaaaagaaaggacggttcaatttactttgtgcagcagaaagcctgcgaagcaaaggaaatcattatgcatctcgataatactaccgaagaaaatgcacaagaggttgcagatgctttcgttgcctggttcaaagaaaaatatggcgttgagtgctgtgctgcagttcacaacaacacgaaaaaaagaaacgtgcacgtgcatctgatttattcagaacgcgagctcatgccggaaaaacaagtgaagaaagcaaccaggaacacctggattgatgaaaaaggacggcagagaaaagcaaaggcagatatcctggacgaaaatggggaactgcgaccaggctgcagaatcgtgaaaaaaggcgaagagatttatagtcgagcttttttcgataaacgtatggaattttcagaacaatggcatacagagcagatgaagcaggactgctgcgactggattaacagctatctgcagccggaagaatcttatattgtttttgattcgaccggaccttatctcgcacagaaaaaaatcggaaaaggaaatgagagaaaaaaagaaatcgaagaatacaacgagaaagtaagaaaactcaacagtttaattgaccggggaatgattaatgagcaagaagcttacaggataaaggatagggtaatgtcatcaccagaccaaacggctgcgttaagggatgctatttctgagcttgacaatttgagagggaacattaccaaaaccgaaaaatcagaaaaagtgtacccggaaatgaacgagaaacagaagttgtatcatcgttccaatattgcttggaacagatacaatgcagcaaaggcggcaggagctccgagggaagttctgaacgaatatctgactgcagcaagacacgcatctgcagaaatagaccgttacaagcgtgaaaatggacagtaccaggataaagactatatcaagcttattaagaattacaaaaatcaaatagcttggaaaaaggctgaaattgagcgtttcaaaaaccaagaaaagaaagcctggacgtacttctacaattacaaaaacggaaaagaagtttttgatattccagagcatgaaattgctgatgaaaagtactggagtctgaggcattggtggagcaacagccggtatagcaaggttaaagcaaaaaaagagctgaaagctctgaaggaagaatttaaagcagcaaaaagggaattcaaacaatacaaaaaagacaagagaacaacggaaatatctggtttggataataaactgcagagtgctgcagttcgtaccggagttcctggaacagaaaaaacgcaaaaaaaagaacgagaaggcagataa
>gene_20045|Mob
atggcttattgcggagtgatgcgcgtggaaaagaggaaacgggcagacgtgtacgggatccagatcgaggcgacgaggacgaaggacgacgggagagagtttgaccgctccgacatcgacaatactcggactgcggataacatcgtcttggcgaagtgtccaggcggatcatggggacgggaaattacaagacaaatcagggacgctggagtgacagagaggaagaacagcgtggtactgttggacggcgtatacactgcgtctccagattttttcaacacaagattggatgacgagacgatgcgagactattttgatgactgcttgtcatatcatatccgcgagtactgcggaggcgatccgtcgcggatcctgtcagccgtaattcatcttgacgagacaaccccgcatctgcacgttgcctcggtgccgctgttggagacggaaagaggggtgcgactatccgcaagggatgttatgggcaatcgcaacgattatcgcctgcggcaggatcgcttctacgaggacgtgacatcaaggtacggactggaacgaggagagatacgcgcgcctgcagaaactaaaaaacatacgaccaaacgcgactggcagatcgcaaaacaagcggaggatctgcaacggcaacgggagcaggcggagcgtctccgcgccgaggttgatgatctgatgatatcgcacagcgtcttgcaacggatcaaggataaggtcaactcaatgtttcgaatccgaggcgtgcctgcgtgggattactgcgttgacgaggctgtgttcgaggctaccatcagtgatgatcgtttcctcgacgttggtcaggcggaggcggaggagacggttcgagatgccgtcaggagagccacacgtcacggtcacagtcgcgacgattacgacgagagataa
>gene_5403|Mob
atgcgcgtggaaaagaggaaacgggcagacgtgtacgggatccagatcgaggcgacgaggacgaaggacgacgggagagagtttgaccgctccgacatcgacaatactcggactgcggataacatcgtcttggcgaagtgtccaggcggatcatggggacgggaaattacaagacaaatcagggacgctggagtgacagagaggaagaacagcgtggtactgttggacggcgtatacactgcgtctccagattttttcaacacaagattggatgacgagacgatgcgagactattttgatgactgcttgtcatatcatatccgcgagtactgcggaggcgatccgtcgcggatcctgtcagccgtaattcatcttgacgagacaaccccgcatctgcacgttgcctcggtgccgctgttggagacggaaagaggggtgcgactatccgcaagggatgttatgggcaatcgcaacgattatcgcctgcggcaggatcgcttctacgaggacgtgacatcaaggtacggactggaacgaggagagatacgcgcgcctgcagaaactaaaaaacatacgaccaaacgcgactggcagatcgcaaaacaagcggaggatctgcaacggcaacgggagcaggcggagcgtctccgcgccgaggttgatgatctgatgatatcgcacagcgtcttgcaacggatcaaggataaggtcaactcaatgtttcgaatccgaggcgtgcctgcgtgggattactgcgttgacgaggctgtgttcgaggctaccatcagtgatgatcgtttcctcgacgttggtcaggcggaggcggaggagacggttcgagatgccgtcaggagagccacacgtcac
>gene_6875|Putative replication initiation protein
atgccttgttatcatcctattactgcttaccaacataaatttagaaaatctaaaaatggtaaggctttaatagattttagaggtggctctgttcgtgaatgggatgaaattcaacttccatgcggccgttgtgttggatgtcggttagaacggagtcggcaatgggctcttcgttgtgttcatgaggctgaatatcatgattctaactgttttattacgttaacttttgatgatgctcatttggatcctgaaggctctttacagaaacgagattttgttctttttatgaagtctcttagaaagaagatttttgaaagatatggtaaaaaaattcgttttttccattgtggagagtatggcgaattacaccagcgtccgcaccatcacgctattatttttggctttgactttcctgataaaaagttgtggcgagttgttgacgggtttcctctttaccggtctgaactccttgagtcagtctggactgctggcttttcaagcattgctggatttagttttgagtctgctgcttatgttgctcgctatattcttaaaaaagtaagcggtgatgaagcggatgatcattatggtaagcgtttaccggaatatgtttctatgtccaggatgcctggtcttggttatcagtggttgatggatcatccggaaatctataattatgatgaatgtgtttatgtgaatcataaaggtaagttaattcattgtaaaccgccaaaattttatgatcgtatttttgaccaaattgcgcctgattttatgtctgagattaaagataaaagaaaggagttggctaaaattgtaagtgaaaagaatcgtattcctgataggcttgctcataaagaggagtataagaaagttattgcgaaacgtttacgaaggtcatttgaggataaaatttag
>gene_54914|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replica tion
atggcaaaacgcaaactttcccaacgagagaatgagcagaaacacgccgccaggcagatggctgtctgcaaacgggatgacatgatgcagaaggccaggtactcgctttctgtacaagaataccgctgtgtgctttacgctatcagccgggtaaaacccgatgactctttttttgatgaatacacttttgagctgaaggacttttacgccatttgtggtctgcagaaggaaagctatacagagctgaaggccgttttgaagggcttgcgtgaccgtagctggtgggtggaaattgacgacgaaggaacggagagcgccatcagttggttttctactgtgcgcaccaataagcgctccggtaaggtcacaattgagtttcataaagacatggttcccttcctcctccagttggctcagcaggccaaagagcaacagttgttttacacgcaatacgacctgcagtatgtgctgcccatgagcagccagtatagccctcgcctttacgagctgctcaagtcgtaccaaaaaaacaaccgggaatggtttttcccgatcgacgagctgaagcgccgtttgaattgcgagaactacaaaaacttccacgactttcgccgttttgcgctggctcctgccattgcagagataaacgaatacaccgatattaacattgctatggacttggtcagagaagggcgtggaggcaaggttgtccgagttgtcttttacatggcaaagaaaaacattgatttgcttcagcagacccgaatccatctaaacgaggtcctggatgggcaggtgacaatggacgagcagatcgctatgctgtcagacgaagaggatagtgtcaaagcacggttcctgcgagaaaaccccgtaaaaggcaagcagcggcccgcagcgggcaaattcgatgaatga
>gene_21244|Replication initiation factor
cttcgccgggtcgatatcgccctggatacgtacaagcgcgaagttactcacgataaggtcgttcaggcataccgcgacggcctatttacccttggaggccgtccaccttcaatgacccgcatcgaggctgaggacgattttgaaggctctaccatctacattggcaaacgtaccaacgccaagtttttgcggtgctacgaaaaaggccttgagctggtgaaggcgttccctgccggtacggttacggagctgaacggaatacctgttcaggatatctatcgggttgagctcgaactcaaggcgtcggacggtcctcttccgcaagacattattgataaccgcgatcagtatttcgccggtgcatatccgtatctccagaccctcatcgacgttaagccggaagtgtttgtacagccacgcgagaagggtcctcagaacagcttggccagcatgctggcaaacgtacgtcgtcagtacggaagtacgttgttcaccgctctgatggcgcatcaaggagatatcggcgctgtatgggaaaagattgtcggccacaagcacaatgcagacttgcttgcagctggtgttcttcttgtagaccacgaatga
>gene_19034|conjugal transfer protein TraE
aacaacttcaaaactctcggcgtgaaaaccgagccgctgtccggctacgaacggctgaaagtgcttcatgatgtgttcaatatggacaccaatgagccgttccgcttttccttcgatgtggttgcccggacagggctttccagcaaggacttcatcgcgcccacttcctttgacttccgtgaaggcaagtgcttcaagatgggaaaaaccgtcggtgcggtgagcttcctgcaaatcctcgcgccggaactcaatgaccgtatgcttgccgacttccttgagatggacagcaacatcacggtcaattttcatatccggacgattgaccaggcgaaggcaatcaagagcatcaagtcgaagatcaccgacctcgacaagatgaagattgaagagcagaaaaaggcagtccgctccggctacgatatggacatcatcccgtccgatctcgccaccttcggcggtgaggcaaagcgtctgttgcaggatctccagacccgcaatgagagactgttccttgtgaccattctcattatgaacacggcacccaaccgccagaagctcgaaaacgcggtgttccagaccgccgccattgcccagaagtataactgtgcgctcaagcgtctcgacttccagcaggaggaagggctgatgtcctctctgcctatcggcgtcaatcaggtggagattgagcgcggactgaccacttccagcacagcggtttttgtgccgttcaccacgcaggagctttttcagggcggcgaagctctgtactacgggctgaatgcgctgtccaacaacatgatcatggttgaccgcaagcggctcaaaaaccccaacgggctgatcttgggtacgcccggttccggtaaatccttctccgccaagcgcgaaatgacgaacgccttcctcatcacggaggatgacatcatcgtctgtgaccccgaagccgagtattttcccctcgtgcagaagctcggcggtcaggtcatccgcatctcgccggtcagcacggattacatcaatccgctggacatcaacacgaactactccgaagaggaaaacccgctgacgctgaaatccgacttcatcctctccatgtgtgagctgattgtcggcggcaaggacggcttgcagccggttgagaagaccatcattgaccgcagcgtccgcatggtctatcaggagtttcttgcagaccccaaaccggagaaaatgccgatcctcgaagacctctacaacatcctgagaaatcagaaggaaccggaggcacagcgcatcgcaactgctcttgaaatctatgttcacggctctctgaacgtcttcaatcacagaacgaatgtggatgtcaacaatcgcttcgtctgctatgacatccgcgaacttggcaagcagctcaaaaagctcggtatgctgattgtgcaggatcaggtgtggaacagagttaccatcaaccgcgcccagcataaggcaacgcgctactacatggacgagttccatctgcttttgaaggaagaacaaaccgccgcgtat
>gene_57567|Mob
atggcgcagatcgaaaaatataatttacagcaggcaaaggccatcatcgcgcacgtggaacgcaccggggcgacgcatagcaacaaaagcatcaatccggagctgaccggactaaattacaatttgtggccaccgtcagatccggacaagctgatcctgaacaccaacacaccaggtcagagtagcggacggtatgcgtttcaacgtttacaaaaacgactgtccgaagtcagccgtttggatcgtgatgatgtaaacgtgctttgcgactggtgtatccatttaggtccggacgttcctccatcttacgaaagctacgaggacttttttaaggcttgcgtcaactatatctgtgatctgtacggaaaagaaaacgttgtattcgctgcagtacatatggacgaagagacgccgcacattcacattggctttgtgccggtggttcggaaggagcttaagctccgaagcaacgcttctgaaaaaaccaagaaggagtatgaggcagcagtagcagccggcaagactgtgatcgagaaggttgatgcccacagcattataaccagacgtcatctgcaaggttggcatggcaattttcagaaatttatgacaactgaattaggctacgacccggcagtctatactggaatcaccgaagcgctgggtggaaacatgaaagtcaaccgcatgaaaaaacagccaaaggactggcggcgcaaacgcaacaaggctgctgatgccttccacaaggtcagacgagctgagaaggcaggtgtacaagctggcctggatgcaatcattgctaattcaaatccagaagccaagaacatacaaaatcaggatcagcgaacacaccagggcaatggaaatttagacgagattttaggaaacatacagaggggcaaccatgaatggtaa
>gene_4901|Replication initiation protein
atgattaaatttaagcctgttgtgaagcctggctcgattgaataccgctataaattctctgatgattttggcacatattcgatagatcgtttcacttttctctttcgtgttcctcgttcttggtggtctttgctttatctctcacttaatgactttagtagccgtcgcgcggttgaatcttttacgactcatcgttttaagattgaagttcatgtgtggcagtatcgtcatcttcacatagagctttggcaggacggcgatattgatgctgtaaagcttgattttaaccctaataaatgcgcggataatgaattgcttgaaaagattctaaatgcttttgcggagctaaaaacctttacttgtgatattcagcgtattgactatgcttacgatataagaattcctctttcgcaaatttacgttctttctcgtaagcaggagagcttctttaaatctactcgctattatggagctcctgggtccaacggtcgcttgcgcgtatatgacaagcggttggagcatcttgaaaaagataagatcgatataggtgaagaagtaactcgtttggaatgggagcaaagaggcacacaagatttggtttttaagttcgatcaattttgcattgcagacttccctaaacttcaatatcctgcttctgtaataccctttattgatcctgcgcaaatcaattcagcattccgcaatattgatgccaagacgcgcaagaaatataaatctcttttgaagccttatccctttgatcctgttcattttggcgagttgtttgatatttattttagcgattatcatttgctcgatcatcgttggaattatagggaaggaaaaactttgggtgcttgccgtgaagatcgtttatatcctgttgtggtgaatttcgatgatgtggaagcgtga
>gene_566|Replication family protein
atgattatttgtaattatagcaccgccgaaagcaaaagtcaagagttacttaagaagttgtccacaaagagaaaacaagcagcagaagtttcccatattttggaaagaataggatataccaaaatatcagaacacataaatacatgtgggaattatgtgggtattacagagatagacaacatcgcacatatcgtcaaagcggatttttgcagagaaagagtgtgtccaatctgcgcttggaggaggcaagctaagtttttggctcaaactattccgataataaattacttatccgtcaccgggtatagctttatatttgcaaccttaactataaagaatgtcgcaagcaataagcttggtaaggctatcgatacccttaccaaaggatataatttacttagtaaaagacggcaaataaaaagagcgtggagcggaataataagaagcatcgaggtaacatataaccacaagagagatacatttcacccacatatccatatgttaatagcggtaaaatcagattattataattctgatgattatataacacattccgacttgatgcatctatggcaagagtgcatacaagccgattataagccatctgtccacatacaaagtgtttcgggtgaaacagaagaagttggagcggtagaaacaataaaatatgcattaaagcctacacaagaggtaaaggcattgaaatgctttatcgaggagttaaaaggtaggaggcttataagtttcagcggaatatttgcccgaataagaaaggaattaaagtatagcagtatagatgatgtctgcacagatgacttacccacaacaaagcataatatcaattataacttatacaagttcgatgcatcgggaggattttataagttcatatcacaatatcaaatggaggtttag
>gene_43108|Replication family protein
atgattatttgtaattatagcaccgccgaaagcaaaagtcaagagttacttaagaagttgtccacaaagagaaaacaagcagcagaagtttcccatattttggaaagaataggatataccaaaatatcagaacacataaatacatgtgggaattatgtgggtattacagagatagacaacatcgcacatatcgtcaaagcggatttttgcagagaaagagtgtgtccaatctgcgcttggaggaggcaagctaagtttttggctcaaactattccgataataaattacttatccgtcaccgggtatagctttatatttgcaaccttaactataaagaatgtcgcaagcaataagcttggtaaggctatcgatacccttaccaaaggatataatttacttagtaaaagacggcaaataaaaagagcgtggagcggaataataagaagcatcgaggtaacatataaccacaagagagatacatttcacccacatatccatatgttaatagcggtaaaatcagattattataattctgatgattatataacacattccgacttgatgcatctatggcaagagtgcatacaagccgattataagccatctgtccacatacaaagtgtttcgggtgaaacagaagaagttggagcggtagaaacaataaaatatgcattaaagcctacacaagaggtaaaggcattgaaatgctttatcgaggagttaaaaggtaggaggcttataagtttcagcggaatatttgcccgaataagaaaggaattaaagtatagcagtatagatgatgtctgcacagatgacttacccacaacaaagcataatatcaattataacttatacaagttcgatgcatcgggaggattttataagttcatatcacaatatcaaatggaggtttag
>gene_57589|Initiator RepB protein family
gtgaaagcaggtgatttcatggccacgcgcaaaacagaacggcagcatctggcaaccagtgccgccagagaaatgtctgtattcaagagggacgacatgatccagcacgctcggttttccttgagcatccaggaacaacgctgcgtcctgtatgcaatcagcaaaatcaagccggaggacacagcctttacggagtataccttcgagctgaaggacttctatgccctctgcggcatcgaggatcagagttatacccgtctcaaacagaccctcaagggtctttctgacaagagctggtgggccgtgatcgacgataaaggcaccgaaagtctgctccgatggtttactacgctgcgcaccaataagagatccggcaaggtgacaattaagttccatgaggacatgatgccgtatctcctgcagctggctacccaggccagggagcagggagcattctatacccagtacggtttgaagtatgtgctgccgatgaagagccaatacagccccagactgtacgagctcctcaagagctaccagaagaacaaccaggaatggttttttgacattgacgaaatcaagcggcttctggactcccaaagctacaagaacttcaatgacttcaaaaggtttgttctggagcctgcggttgaggagataaaccagtatacggatctgaacgtggcttatgacactgagagatccggccgtggtggtaaagtgtccagggtgattttctttatggcaggcaagggcaagcaggatcttactgaaaccaacctgaagatctaccatcatctggatggccagatgtcgatcgaggactttatccaggaatacgacaatagtgtccgggctaagttctggcgagaaaaccccatagaacgctctgaggggccctcagagggcttttaa
>gene_17166|Rep protein
attgacgaaatggacgtatcaaaagcggttggtaaacaatgcaaggttgtagaagtagaggacgaggacggaaagaaagttaaaaaggctatcgtaaaaggtgctcgtttagatttgtaccctgcaaactttaacatgttacgttgtagtcgtggagtaaaaagaccagttgcggaaatgatgagccaagaggaagcaagtaaaaaagtctcggctgcaaccaagacttttgaaagtgctatcaaactcactgaccatgagaatgactttgaaactgttataatccgagaacagtataacaaagttcgtggtaaaaatcaatcataa
>gene_56124|Plasmid replication protein Rep and AAA-class ATPase domain
gaaaactgtaaaagtgttaaatcgtgtgtccaatatttagtacatcaaaatgatttgtcgaaagtacagtattcatgggataatgtactaacgaattgtactgacttatcaccttttaaaataaaaacaaatgcacagcaagaggttactatacaatcaatattagaacgtattgacaagggtgaaattagagagtttaatcaatttattgaaataccgattgagatatggtctaagtataaaactagaattgaaaatgcattaacgtattatagggagcgaatttatatggataaagatagaagtattaatgtagtttttatgagtggcgatacgggaacaggtaaaacttcttttgctaaagaatattgtaaaaaaacgggaaaaagcctttgtgttagcagtacttccaatgaccctatgcaagattataaaggcgaggacgtgcttatattagatgatttgcgcgatacggattataaatttaccgacttgctaaaaatattagataatcatacaaagtctacaatgaaagccagatatcataataaagcatttataggtgatactattataattacatcttataagcctcttaacgattggtattttgatgttcctaaagaaagcaaagagcaattatatagacgtattaaatctatgtacaaattttattcagatagaatagaagtatttgaatattcagatgctaaacatagatacgagaaaattgcacatttgcctaatttcataatgcaaagtaaaaaagaaaaggctttgtcgggcttgaatatgttgaaagctatggggattgaatttacatcagagattaatgaaaaaatagaagatataatcgaaaattgtaccgaaagtgactgggaagaaattgaaaatatagaattaccatttgattaa
>gene_57273|Plasmid mobilization protein
atggcacaagtagcgaagtacagcagagctgcggtcggtcatctgatcgaccattacgagcgccggcaaaaggtgaacaagaccaccggcaaaatggaatacgtcaaatttggcaatcgagatattgacaccaggtggtcgccgttgaattaccggatttggcctccgctgccaatggatgagacagacacaagggatgtctatgtcagccaggagctgcaggatctctttgatgctactggtcagaacatggaagaacctgcgctggatcggtttaagcggatcttccgagacacaccacacgccactcggaaggatctgaaatgcttttgcgactgggtgatctcccttccggatgaaataccatgcgagaggatgggcgagttcttcgacctttgcatgaagtactgtgttcggaagtatggcgccgagaatatcgttggcggctgggtgcatctggatgaggcacatcggccacacctccatgtggctttcgtgccggtcgtgaccaccacgagcactggcgccgatggcagcacgaccacgaccaggcggatctgcgccaaggaggttttaagccgagatcacctgaagggatggcatggtggacttacctccctttgtcagaaggagatgggcatcaagaatcctggtatcgagaatggccggacaatagttcaaggcggcaatcgcactgtaaagcaaatgaaggcctctgacaaggcttatgaccgtaccaagggtaaagaggtcgatcgatggcgtgtgaaggctgagaaggccctccaggacgctgtgaggcgtcaaaaaaccaattccttggacaatatgcttgttggcctccaagaacgtgctgaggcgcagctgaaggatcctcgcaagcgcagcttgggagagatccttcaaggcagataa
>gene_13815|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtcatcgttgggacaagtagaaaaatacacgttatatcaagccatggcggttattgctcacgttgagcgcaccgccgagacgcacagcaacaagagcatcaatccaatgctgactaagttgaattacaacctctggccaccagaagaccccgacaagctgatccttgacaccggtattcgcggacaaagtagtgggcattatgcttgggatcggttacagaagaggttgtctgaggtcagcgttatggatcgagatgacattaacgtaatgtgcgactggtgcattcatcttggtcccgacgttcctccatcttacgaaagttacgaagccttcttcagagcctgcgttcgatacatttgcaaacgctacggcgaagagaacgttatctttgccggcgttcatatggacgaggaagctccccacattcacatcggatttgttccggtaataaaaaaagagcgaaagcttcgtgaaaatgcttcgaaaaaaaccaaggcagcatatgaagctgccgtcgcagccggcaatacagtgattgagagggtcgatgctcacggcttaatcaatcgacgtcacctccagagctggcacggcgattttcagaagtttatgattgctgagttaggctacgatccaggagtctacacgggaatcaccgaggctcttggcggcaacatgaaagtcagtcagatgaagaagcaatcaaaggattggcggcgtggacgaaacaaagcagcgaatgcatttcacacactccgaagagcagcgaaagcaggtgtcctgcctcccctcgatgcacggcaagagatggcagaggcgaaaaaaaatccgcctcaggcaaatcctttcagaaaagaaaagaagggattagataatcttatcaaagatgccaaagatcgcagcgaacgttga
>gene_36458|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgaaacttttatttttagctttgattgttttaccgcctattttttctgtcgtttggcggttgattgttactcatccttggcatacgtctttttatgctgtctctgattttgcggattggattggtaacaaaaagtataatgattgtccgtatggaactatcaaatgttatattgcacatgctggaactgcttttggtactggcaaaacgctttccgctgtccgtgaaattactaccgcttacaaaaaatacaacggaaaaaaagtctgggatgctgatttgggcgaattcgtcccacagcgtattcttgtgcttagcaacgttgattttttgacaataccttttgaccggctcatttctctgtctcagtttgtaaaattgactgatgaagtattggagtttgatcgcgaaaaccattgcaaaacaattacttttctgttgattgatgaagcgtcttctcagttgaatagccgttctttcaagtctaattttgatgcgccttttatttctcggttgctgacctctcggcacgttcgggctaatttgattttgacatctcaacggtccggcatggttgataagctgatgcgtgattgttgcaatctgtatatttcttgtcaaaaaatttggcgctttgaaatcttacgttattatgatgcttataaagttgagaccgcgcaggagccttcctgtgtggctccgttgcgctgtactggctattttatcaaggatagtatgtttgatagttatgatacttttgctatggtcaagtcgctcgagaagtcctgcaaagatggcgatatgttgaccgacgatgaaattttgaatttgcgtgttggtgatagcctagctgatgctagagctgattttaaacgtcaggcgagaaaaaggaaaaaggcaaggaaaagccgctga
>gene_50624|Putative mobilisation/recombination protein
ctgaagcactacgagagagccaaggatgagcagggggaatatttgaaattcggtaatcaggatatagaccctgcacggacacccatgaactacaaccttgctccagagcatgaccagttggagttcatccatgagcgtctggatgaagtgtactgcatgaagcggaaggacgtgaatgtgatgtgtacatgggttgtgacagctccgaaagacttagagcctgaaagggagcgtgagttcttccaagaagcgtataatttcatggctgacaagtacggacagcagaacgttgtttccgcatacgttcacatggacgaaaagacaccgcacatgcatttctgtttcatgccgattgtagcggatctgaaacgtggcggtgagaaagtttctgcaaaggaatgtgtcacaaaaagagatttggagcgttttcatggggaacttcagaagcacatggaagagcgtggtctgaagtgcagtatcatcaatgaagccacgttagagggtaataaggcgattaaggaactgaagcagggaacagcgattaaagagcttcaggatataaacgaacgcagggaagaggcacagaaagcgtatgacagcactctgaaagagggtctgcacgttctgaatgtaaaacagtccatccaaagggaaattcaagtactggataaagaactgacggataagaaagaagagctgaaggacattccaaagcagatagccgaacaaacgcagagaagtgttgagatggctaaaatttggtatggagaccctgaagagattgagggcagggcaaaaaaggctgcacaacagttaaaagaaaaagaaatacagttggatgcagcggaacgcactcttgcagataagagcagggaacagcaggagcttcaggaaagcgttaaacagctgtcagccgataaaagcaccatagagaagcagatagacagctcagagaagcgtttagaagctctgcaagggaagattctttctgcagaagaggtaaaagcctttactgtcaaaaagtctctatttggcgaaagggcggtcattgagggaacacctgaagaactgcaaagcctgaaagcaacagctgaaagagtaaagtcagtagatgagcttgtaagaaaagctaacaacgttctgaagcagagagacagcatattgcaggaagcacaggtaaagcttgatatggctgaatcaaagcactcttatcttaatcgtgaagctgataaaatcgtaagtaatgcaaagagccaggcaaacggaattataagccaggcaaaagaaaaagccgagtccattatcagcgaagcaaaggaagagggatttcaggaaaggcttgcaagagctacaagggaatctaacttagaaaataaactcaggaagtatgaaaaggtactggaagcttctccggaactgaaggagcacttcgatgaggtcgctcatcagctgtctgtacagaaccggccaagaggtatacatcgatga
>gene_57233|replication protein, partial
atggcggacgatgtcgggggaatctatgcgggtgcagtgcgtttcgagcgctacgcggctcgtatggccgaatgtgggggagttttacggtttggctgggtcgataatcaggacacgggagaaagccgcttacggctccgtgaagctcacttctgccgggtgcgacattgtccggtgtgtcagtggagacgatcgctcatgtggcaagcccgtttttatcagtcccttcccaagctggtcgaagagcaccctaaagcccgttgggtgtttctaacgctgactgttcgcaactgccccatagaagatctacgcagcaccctccaagccatgaacagtgcgtggcagcgcctcaaggatcgaaaagagttcaaacctgtgttgggctgggtacgcaccacggaagttacacgcggtgaggatggcagcgctcacccccattttcatgcgctcttgatggttcccccttcgatgcttgctggtcacaactacgtcaaacatgcccgttgggtagagctttgggccgatgtgatgcgcctggattatctgcctaacgtcgatgtgcgggcagtaaaaccgagggcacccaagagcggccagacgccaactgatgccactgccgccgcgctacaaggggccgtttctgaaaccctcaagtactccacgaagcccacggacatggtggcggatgaagcgtggtttttggaattgaccaaacagacgcacaagctccgttttgtggcgactggcggcgctctgaagcacgttctcaaggtggatcaggagacagacgacgacctggcactgatcgacggtgagggcaagcaggatgacggctcacgcctggcgtttaattggcgtgaacatgagcgccgttaccgtcgtgctcccaacgctgacaaaggggctaaagcatga
>gene_36759|recombinase
gaacgccttacgcctaatgcggacgaaaacagaacgcccgaaaatgtccatataggcggattttctacggaagaagtccgaaaaaaaatcgaggacggcttaccgcaaaaataccgtgcggactgtgtgaagtgcattgaatatctgattacagcaagcccagaatggtttgatacagcaaccgaacaaggaaagcagaagtattttgataatgctatcaaatggcttaaagagcgacacggtgcggaaaacgtgaagtgcgtatcaatccataacgatgaaacaacgccgcatttagtggcttacgttgtgccgcttgatgaacggggaaaactgaattgtaagaagtttttaggcggcaaaaaggttttatccgatatgcaatccgattttgctgaacgggtgggaaaagaattgttactgaaacgtggcattgaaggctcaaaggctaaacatcaacgggttaaacggttctacggtgaattaaaaaatactgatacaccacagctaacctatgaagatcttagaccgcaactgctcaaaaaaggcttattccaagatacctacgaagatgacagcgtagtaattgcacgggtgaacaaacgaatgtcagagatcctagagcataaaaacgctgaaatagttaatttgaaaaaagaggttaaagagttaaaaaacgatgttgagagtgcgaaaagagatggacggataagaaatttcgatttagaacgccaaaatcaagcgttaaaacgtgaattaactgaaatgctagataactataaggttaatactaaagggctctctacggctcaaataggggctttaaatgcgaagattggagagtttagagcggagaatgaaaaagagcgtcttgaaaatgttcaaaaacactcttttagcggtatgaaaatttaa
>gene_48116|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcaagtcgataaatatacgatgaggcaggctattgccattatttgccattgtgaacgtaccggtggttcccataagaaccaaagtatcgatccggaaaggacgaaggataactattctctttggccttcggacgatccggaccaggtggtcttggacaccgagaccccgggtcagagcagtgcacggtacgcatatcaacgtatgaagcaaaggctgaacgaagtaagctggttgaagcgcgacgacgtgaatgtcctttgcgactggtgtattcatttgggcgttgatacgttgcctggttacgagaatcaaaggcagttctttgaggcgtgtgtccgtcatatctgcagattgtacggagagaagaacgtggtgtacgcctgggttcacatggacgaagagtctcctcacattcatatcggttttgttccggtgattcggaagcctttgaagctgcgtaagaacgcatcggcagctacgagacgggcatacgaagaagccgttgcttcaggtcagacgcacgtcgagcgagtggacgccgattcagtcataaacttgaaacacctggcgaattggcaccctgcttttcgagtatcgatgatagagcagcttggttacgatcctggcgtacatactggtgttactgagtaccttggaggcaatgtaagcgttgctcagctgaagaataaagatcctgattggagaataagaagaaacgcccaggctgcagcgttccatgaagtccggagagccgcccagaacggccataaagcaggcattgattcaaagatagcggttgccgatcccaatcgaaaaccagcgcaggctttgcctgacgcaccagaaagaaagctgtctggtctggacgctctgatcaagggagcaaaggatcgtagtggtttgtaa
>gene_49861|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcaagtcgataaatatacgatgaggcaggctattgccattatttgccattgtgaacgtaccggtggttcccataagaaccaaagtatcgatccggaaaggacgaaggataactattctctttggccttcggacgatccggaccaggtggtcttggacaccgagaccccgggtcagagcagtgcacggtacgcatatcaacgtatgaagcaaaggctgaacgaagtaagctggttgaagcgcgacgacgtgaatgtcctttgcgactggtgtattcatttgggcgttgatacgttgcctggttacgagaatcaaaggcagttctttgaggcgtgtgtccgtcatatctgcagattgtacggagagaagaacgtggtgtacgcctgggttcacatggacgaagagtctcctcacattcatatcggttttgttccggtgattcggaagcctttgaagctgcgtaagaacgcatcggcagctacgagacgggcatacgaagaagccgttgcttcaggtcagacgcacgtcgagcgagtggacgccgattcagtcataaacttgaaacacctggcgaattggcaccctgcttttcgagtatcgatgatagagcagcttggttacgatcctggcgtacatactggtgttactgagtaccttggaggcaatgtaagcgttgctcagctgaagaataaagatcctgattggagaataagaagaaacgcccaggctgcagcgttccatgaagtccggagagccgcccagaacggccataaagcaggcattgattcaaagatagcggttgccgatcccaatcgaaaaccagcgcaggctttgcctgacgcaccagaaagaaagctgtctggtctggacgctctgatcaagggagcaaaggatcgtagtggtttgtaa
>gene_29112|recombinase
atgcttgaggtagaagctcgatgtgctgacatcatgcaagggaagccattacaggagcatacaaacgtattgtcgaactgggaagtcacatatcctttcacgcattgtacagagacgcaaggcggtaacggacgaatgtataacaaaccaaacgatatgtcacactgcaaaaagttttttgacgaagcttacaaatttgcgcaggagcgttatggaaaagagaatgtcatggttggatatgttcacatggacgagacaacaccacatatcgacattatggtagtaccagaagcgataagcaggaaaacaggcaagcaaacagtatcatctgcaagcctgttcacaaaagcagagttaagaaactttcacaaggacttagaaagtcacatggctaatgtgtttggagagcctggcatgatattgaatggcaggacgaaaggaaattatacatcggacgaattaaagcaacgtacagccgatgatgagacatacaagcgcaaagtgagacatttgaacgcaagagagaaaagcctgaatactcgtgaaagcgatttaaaggcgcaggaagacgttttaaagcgaaaagcgcaggatttagcgtctgaacgtcaaaaattcgaatttgaggcttctgcgaggttaaaagagcatgatagacgagagcaggaactggcagagcgtgaacgagaagcaaatgagcgttatgacgaaatgcaggagaagtatgacgaaatggcgaagtggtacggcaaatttaagagtgaccatatgagagctcatgctgccatgcttcagaaaaagcaggaggaagcaaaggcagcgatagctaaaaccatggttactgccgagggtgtaacagagcgagagcgcagtcaagggcggacgcctgcgtccgttcatcttgacccttga
>gene_44194|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
gtgattcgtgcggggcgtgctgcagaaatcgagcaagcggtaaaagcgcaccagaaaaccgcaggtgaggtgctgtttttcaccggtacagtgcgccaccacaggggggacgaactagcaaccacgttggacgctgtactgatgggctggaaaaaaatgcttcagtcgcggggctgggccaggctcaaaaaggcttatgggttgtccgggtacgtgcgagcaattgaggtcacgcacggtgaaaactcctggcacccgcatgtgcacggtctgctgttcttggacgaaccagtgccggcggaatgctgggacgaacttcgcagtcttctttttgagctgtggtcggattcggtcgtaaaagccggagccaaacggcctaccgaaaagggtcttgacctgcgccgacttgatggagatggccgggtgctgtcggcgtatctggcgaaagtgcaggacgagaagaagggacgaaccggcaagggctggggtgttggtgcggagatgtcgcgctcggacgtaaagcggggacgaaccggcagcatttctccgtttgagctcctggacgccgacctcgatgggtactcgggggacgaacgcggcaggctgtggcgagagtattaccaggccacgaaaggacgccgggcgattacgtggagccgaggtctgaaaaagcgctatgacgtgggcgaaaagaccgatgagcagattcaggatgaagcggaatcgacgattctggtctggcgtacgcatgcggacttttatcgcgaagtgctgcgggttcgtcccaccgatttggctgtggcgcttgagcttgccgaagcggaagaatgggacgaactaaacgatatattgcctggtaggagggctaaagcaaagaaagcgccgccgccacctacgcgacgcgccggatag
>gene_39977|Initiator RepB protein
agagaaacaggaaagggaattaatgccaatgatgccttaaccatccatgcctcaagttatattcaaaattttaatgttcaaaagcatacagcctatggtgcgttgaaagatgcttgccgagacctattttcaaggcaatttagttatcaagagttatcaccgaaaggtaatgttataaatcagacatcaaggtgggtgagccaaattggttatattcaggaggaaggtagtgtacaactaatctttgctcctgccgttgttccacttattacacagttagaacagcagtttaccagttacgacctagagcaagtctcaactcttaaaagcaagtatgcaactcgcttgtatgaaatacttatttcatggcgtagcgtaggcaaaacaccaatgatagggctagaggaactgagaggaaaactaggactaggtgttaatgactataagcttttagcaaactttaaattacgggtattagagcttgcacttgaacagattaatgaacatacagacatttttgtaaaatacgagcagcataaaaaaggacgtagcattattggcttttcattcaagtttaaacaaaaacaacagtcaaaaattgaaaaaccgattgatcagaagcgagatccaaagaccgttgatatgttcacaggtaaaactgatgctgagacaaaaaacatagctagagcagttgttaaagacacctcaccgcctgcgaatcccttgttgcatagggcaagtcgtattacaacgtcaattatcacccataaactgcacgaacgtttcaaacatggcgatgagggtttatctagtacattgaagcgtattcaaggcgaaattatggagggaggggaggaaacggcagactactggcaatcgaaacttgaggattttgggataacttttgattaa
>gene_41065|Replication protein
atgaatgttgaagaacaatatataaataagattagaactacaacaaaaagtgctatgctttatttggtgcaccgaaaccaccccgaaaaatttcaatacaatgcaagtgaagttgttgctaactttgattatatagaatatattgatggttgcgaaccaaaacaacaaagagaagaaattgcaaaacaaattgaaataggaaagataaaaccttataacttacacgactttataaccattgacgaatatagcaaaaataaagtgtattatgataggtgttttgaatatagacaaaataaaataaagggaaacgatagaaatatggaatgtgtatttataagtggttcaagtggaacaggtaaaacaacttttgcaaaaatgtttgcaagtcaaaaaggttatagggcatatatttctagtggtggtaaaaatccattagacaactacaaaggcgaagaatgtatcattttagacgatttaagagatagcacctataaaatgtctgactttttaaaattaaccgataataatactgatagtttagtcggttgccgtttttacaacaagtcaattgctgaatgcaaattgctaatcgttacaagtgttaaacctatacaagagttttactataatgctactattgaagaaaaagaaccacaacaacaattgttccgtaggttttcaacttatattaaaatgactgactacgatatgactatttttgaatatagaaacgaactaaaagagtatttgaaacttgccaaaacaaaaaaccctgtttctgtaatgtttaatagagatgtcgcaaaagagtttgccaaaaatttagttaatacaatgggtttggaaataatagaagaaaatatacaaaccaaacaacaaaaaatgccatttaccgacaaaaacgaataa
>gene_21767|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
gtggtgacgtccctggtgtttttcattgtattcattgcggttttgttcttcctgctgatctctcccgtggcccgctgcgccgtgtcgcatccggtttctgtttcggtcagcggtctgcatgatctgtacctgttcatcacccaccatgaaagtgaccgctgccagaccggggagttggtggcctataccggcctcttcggcaaaggcaagaccctctccgtggtccaccgggtagtggaggagtacaagcgctgcaacggcaagaaggtgtggtgccctcggcggcagaagatggtcacccagcgagtgaaggtgatttccaacgtgtccctggccattccctatgagaactttgtcagcctggagcaggtggtctatgctgccgaccacaaccgggcctttgacgatcagaacgacaccttgacggtgaccctggtcctgggagacgagttttcggtccaaatgaacagccggaagttcaaggacaacatcgacccgctgcttctcaataccattctcacttgccggcatcactacatcagcctttactatacggctcagcgcttcggccatgtggacgccctgctccgtcaggtgaccagttatgtggtggagtgtgacaagctgtggcgttttcagcggcagaagtatttcgacgcctgggatctggagaacgccaccaacaccgaattggtccggcccttccggcgctcctgctggtttgtccgagacaaggattataacgcctatgacaccctggcctgtgtggggaatctgaaaaagtccttttccgacggcgacatgatgaccgagaaagagatcctggagctccagcagaatcaaggcagcaatatggactccgtgaatcagccctcccggcgctggctgcgtcggcagaagggcaagaaataa
>gene_30441|Replication protein
ttgcaagagaagaaaaaccgggggtatttactggcagcttcctttgagcggctggggtatcccgacagggcgcagctcgtagtggagtgcggaacttatctcggaatcctggacaccggagagggggcgaagatcgtggaggcaaacttctgcaagcagaggctctgtccggcctgcaactggcggcgctccctcaagatttacggggcaacatcccagattctcgacttcctggatgcgcagtacgggaagaacatcaagtatttgtttctcaccctcacggtgaaaaatgttcaactctctgacctgggggccaccatcgacagcatggctgcagcctatcaccggctcaccaacaacagggcatggaaacgccgggtcaagggggccatgagaactctggaagtcaccatcaaccaggagacccaggaggctcaccctcactaccatctcattctggctgtcgatcgcggctatgccaccaagaacgacgacacctattggacacacgccgactggcaggcggcatggcaaaaagcctgccgcctggactacaagccgaatgtcagcattgaacgggtcaagggccgggaatccggtatagcagaagtctccaagtacatggcgaaagatagcgattacttagttgaccccatgcaggcccacatgggaacggaggaggccgaagccctgaccgacttccttgtcggtcagctcatgcaccagctccacgggcggcggctcatcagctacaccggcatcctgcgggatgcgcaacgggccttgaagctcgacccggagaacgggccactcacagacaccatgaggggagacgtggcgtctgcaatcaagcactaccactgggccaccggcctggggtgctacgttccgagaggagacgacaatggataa
>gene_57549|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcagaggtagagaaatacaccttacggcaggcggtggccataatcggtcactgtgaacgaacaggtggttcgcaccgtaataagagcatcgatccagagcgcacgaaggacaactactcgctctggcctgcaggagaacctgacaagctggtgcttgatacggagatccccggacagagcagcgcacggtatgcatacaagcggatgaaggcacgtctggcagaggtgagctaccaaaagcgctcggatgtaaataccctctgcgattggtgtatccatttgggtgtcgacacactgcctggctacgaaaaccaaaaagccttcttcgaggcctgcgtcagatacatctgccgcctgtacggtgaagagaatgtggtgtacgcctgggtacacatggatgaggagacgccgcacattcatatcggctttgttcctgtaacaaagaaaaagctgaagcttcgcaagaacgcttcggctgccacaaagaaagcttacgaagaagccgttgccgctggaaatgacgtggtggatcgtgtcgatgccgacaccgtcatcaacctcaagcatctgaataattggcatcctggcttacgggcatacatggtctccgagcttggttacgatcctggcgttcacactggcatcactgaatatctcggtggcaatctcagtgtaaagcagctgaagaacaagccctcgaactggagggctaagcgtaacgcacaggctgctgcatatcacgaaattcgtagagctaagatgtctggtaagcaggctccgcttgatgcgaagatctcttcctctgatcctaaccgccagaagccgcaggatattcctgcagcagagcctacacggaagttgggtttggacaatatcattggcaacgcaaaagagcgtagcggaaagtaa
>gene_27144|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcagaggtagagaaatacaccttacggcaggcggtggccataatcggtcactgtgaacgaacaggtggttcgcaccgtaataagagcatcgatccagagcgcacgaaggacaactactcgctctggcctgcaggagaacctgacaagctggtgcttgatacggagatccccggacagagcagcgcacggtatgcatacaagcggatgaaggcacgtctggcagaggtgagctaccaaaagcgctcggatgtaaataccctctgcgattggtgtatccatttgggtgtcgacacactgcctggctacgaaaaccaaaaagccttcttcgaggcctgcgtcagatacatctgccgcctgtacggtgaagagaatgtggtgtacgcctgggtacacatggatgaggagacgccgcacattcatatcggctttgttcctgtaacaaagaaaaagctgaagcttcgcaagaacgcttcggctgccacaaagaaagcttacgaagaagccgttgccgctggaaatgacgtggtggatcgtgtcgatgccgacaccgtcatcaacctcaagcatctgaataattggcatcctggcttacgggcatacatggtctccgagcttggttacgatcctggcgttcacactggcatcactgaatatctcggtggcaatctcagtgtaaagcagctgaagaacaagccctcgaactggagggctaagcgtaacgcacaggctgctgcatatcacgaaattcgtagagctaagatgtctggtaagcaggctccgcttgatgcgaagatctcttcctctgatcctaaccgccagaagccgcaggatattcctgcagcagagcctacacggaagttgggtttggacaatatcattggcaacgcaaaagagcgtagcggaaagtaa
>gene_51949|Conjugal transfer ATP-binding protein TraC
atgacccgaagcaactcaaaaaccccggaaaaaagaaaaagaagtaaaccggaaaagctggagttcattcagcctttccttccggtcaaggatattcgcaacggtattgtggaaaccacagatggccgctacatcaaaatccttgagattgaacccatcaactttatgctccgatcctctgaggagcaatacaatatcctctcgtcctttgccagttggctcaagatatcccctatgaagctccagttcaaatcgatcacccgcaaagcagactctgataagcacattgcaatgatccgaaaggaactggaagcagaggaaaacgagcagtgtaagaccctcagcgaggattacattcggctgatcaaagacgtgggttcccgagaagcgctgacacggcgcttctttttgatttaccagtatgaagctgttggccgaaatgagtctgatgactatgccaagatcttcggaatgctgactactgccgagcagaacgcaagagcttactttatgcagtgcggcaacaatatcattcagccaaagaatccggatcaagccacagcggagatcctgtacatgttcttcaatcgccgctcctgcatcgatgagccgttcagcagtcgagtcgaccgtgtggtggttgatgccatggcagccaagggaaaggtaatcggaattgatccggtccccaacatcccggtgtcctatttcatcgctcctcgcggcttagacttgcgtcaccacaactacatcattatggatggccggtactactgtttcctctacattaaggcaaacggttaccccggctctgttcgtggtggttggatgtctacgctgatcaatgcaggcgatggcgtggacattgatgtgcatgacactaccgcttttatttatcgaataggcaggtga
>gene_38188|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atggattgcgttttcgtaaaggctcgaaaaatctcgaaatcactcaaaggcaatcgtggcagtgtggtcaactacgagaaatatttaactcgtgagcttaaaggcgttgactacaccgaaaagggcaatatcctcgcaagcggcattgtcggcacagacgaaacgccgcttgattttttccgcaaggtagaggagagggaaaatcagacgaagcggaaagacacggcacgatttgcgaaagaatatatactggcacttcctcatcaactgccgatagacgagcagacgaagatttgcaaagacgttgcaaaaaagcttgcggaaaatggtcgtgtggttcgctgggttcaccactgcccggacaaagagggagacgagagaaattttcactgccatttcctgatgtctgaaagaagctatgagaacggagtttttgcggagactaaaaacagagactggaacacgaagcagactttggcacggcataaaaaagagctggcggaaatcataaacttgtcgctggaaaaaaatcatctgccacaaatcaaagtcgagatagaggaggggagggagacagtccccgacaaaacggaaaatcaaatcagagccgagagagccttgaaaaagaagctctcaaagactgataaaaaaataaagctggcggaggtaaaactgaatggacttggaagaaatgatgttggacttgcaaacccaaatgcaagagacgcagaaccaaatgcagacgtttatgcagagtatgagcaacacaaggcagacgagcgaaaacgagagcttgaaagagttcgtgttcaaaatgcaagacgacttgcagaaaagcaacgcgcagacgctgaaagagagcgcaacaaaaattcaaaccgaagtagaaaaggcgatggctggggctattga
>gene_32319|Mob
atgagcaactttattatattcagaactgaaaagcttaaatcagccaccgcccttacccactcattaaagcacgcaatgagagaacaaccgacaccgaacgctgacccgaaacgcctctcaaagaatcattattttgagttaagtgacgggaatatattaggcggaacaaccgtagataagtgtatggaagaatacagaaaaagattgcctgagaaagtccgaaaaaatgccgttcattgtgtagaagtcctagtgagcggaagtccagaacacttagctacactatcgagagaagagcagatctcatttttcagagattcagctaaatatgtcgcagataaactaggaggcacacaaaacataatacacgcccagattcattatgatgaaaaaactccacacttaacaatgttcgttatgccaattgatgaaaagggcaagttgaatgcgagaaaatttataggcggttcaaagcaaacaatgcgagattttcaaagcgaaatagctgagaaagtcgggaagaaatacaggcttgatcgtggtatcgcaaaaaccaagcccgataaccacatacaaatcggagactactatcaaattctgaaagattttactaattatgtcgaaaataaaaattttacgcctagcgagcaatatttagatagtctggctaaagatgtcgcaatgctgatgaaacgtgatgaaaccgaaggtgaaatcaagaaaatcagagaagaaatgaacagtattagggacaagtggaacaaatggagtaaatctcaaggtttaacagcaacggtagagagtcattcaacgaatcctcaatttacgaagtggggagctccaacgattagtgctgcatcctcacctgaaagccaagagtttcagagggagtcttggcgatggggcgagtttaaatctcatcttgaaaatgatttattcccagtcaaaaaagtgattgatgaagtcgaggaaaaggtaatgggtaagttaaacctcttattttctggaatttcaggggtttttggcttaatgaaaccagagcaatttgtgcctgcttttttgagcacctacaaagaagaattgatgaacgaggttgaaaaaagaaaggctgaacaagaaaaagagaaagagattcagaaagctgaattagaacgcgaaagaaaggctataagcgaacaacgcttaaaccttgaagaaatattcagtaaagagaaaacgcttgaaatagagcgtctgaagagcgaattagtgaagaaaaatgaagaggtagccaaaaaaaaccaagaactagcgagaaaagataaggacattcaaattttgactgatcgaaaaaatgatttaatagaacagatcaatgacagtaaa
>gene_32724|Mob
atgagcaactttattatattcagaactgaaaagcttaaatcagccaccgcccttacccactcattaaagcacgcaatgagagaacaaccgacaccgaacgctgacccgaaacgcctctcaaagaatcattattttgagttaagtgacgggaatatattaggcggaacaaccgtagataagtgtatggaagaatacagaaaaagattgcctgagaaagtccgaaaaaatgccgttcattgtgtagaagtcctagtgagcggaagtccagaacacttagctacactatcgagagaagagcagatctcatttttcagagattcagctaaatatgtcgcagataaactaggaggcacacaaaacataatacacgcccagattcattatgatgaaaaaactccacacttaacaatgttcgttatgccaattgatgaaaagggcaagttgaatgcgagaaaatttataggcggttcaaagcaaacaatgcgagattttcaaagcgaaatagctgagaaagtcgggaagaaatacaggcttgatcgtggtatcgcaaaaaccaagcccgataaccacatacaaatcggagactactatcaaattctgaaagattttactaattatgtcgaaaataaaaattttacgcctagcgagcaatatttagatagtctggctaaagatgtcgcaatgctgatgaaacgtgatgaaaccgaaggtgaaatcaagaaaatcagagaagaaatgaacagtattagggacaagtggaacaaatggagtaaatctcaaggtttaacagcaacggtagagagtcattcaacgaatcctcaatttacgaagtggggagctccaacgattagtgctgcatcctcacctgaaagccaagagtttcagagggagtcttggcgatggggcgagtttaaatctcatcttgaaaatgatttattcccagtcaaaaaagtgattgatgaagtcgaggaaaaggtaatgggtaagttaaacctcttattttctggaatttcaggggtttttggcttaatgaaaccagagcaatttgtgcctgcttttttgagcacctacaaagaagaattgatgaacgaggttgaaaaaagaaaggctgaacaagaaaaagagaaagagattcagaaagctgaattagaacgcgaaagaaaggctataagcgaacaacgcttaaaccttgaagaaatattcagtaaagagaaaacgcttgaaatagagcgtctgaagagcgaattagtgaagaaaaatgaagaggtagccaaaaaaaaccaagaactagcgagaaaagataaggacattcaaattttgactgatcgaaaaaatgatttaatagaacagatcaatgacagtaaaacattaaataaccagctatctgagaaagttaatgtattaactgcagaaaatcagcaaataaaacaaaatctgaataaccctgattatctagctaagagacacgaagaaataacagtagcaagagagaaaatatctagtacaaacagaatgagtttcaaaatgtaa
>gene_36974|Mob
atgagcaactttattatattcagaactgaaaagcttaaatcagccaccgcccttacccactcattaaagcacgcaatgagagaacaaccgacaccgaacgctgacccgaaacgcctctcaaagaatcattattttgagttaagtgacgggaatatattaggcggaacaaccgtagataagtgtatggaagaatacagaaaaagattgcctgagaaagtccgaaaaaatgccgttcattgtgtagaagtcctagtgagcggaagtccagaacacttagctacactatcgagagaagagcagatctcatttttcagagattcagctaaatatgtcgcagataaactaggaggcacacaaaacataatacacgcccagattcattatgatgaaaaaactccacacttaacaatgttcgttatgccaattgatgaaaagggcaagttgaatgcgagaaaatttataggcggttcaaagcaaacaatgcgagattttcaaagcgaaatagctgagaaagtcgggaagaaatacaggcttgatcgtggtatcgcaaaaaccaagcccgataaccacatacaaatcggagactactatcaaattctgaaagattttactaattatgtcgaaaataaaaattttacgcctagcgagcaatatttagatagtctggctaaagatgtcgcaatgctgatgaaacgtgatgaaaccgaaggtgaaatcaagaaaatcagagaagaaatgaacagtattagggacaagtggaacaaatggagtaaatctcaaggtttaacagcaacggtagagagtcattcaacgaatcctcaatttacgaagtggggagctccaacgattagtgctgcatcctcacctgaaagccaagagtttcagagggagtcttggcgatggggcgagtttaaatctcatcttgaaaatgatttattcccagtcaaaaaagtgattgatgaagtcgaggaaaaggtaatgggtaagttaaacctcttattttctggaatttcaggggtttttggcttaatgaaaccggagcaatttgtacctgcttttttgagcacctacaaagaagaattgatgaacgaggttgaaaaaagaaaggctgaacaagaaaaagagaaagagattcagaaagctgaattagaacgcgaaagaaaggctataagcgaacaacgcttaaaccttgaagaagtattcagtaaagagaaaacgcttgaaatagagcgtctgaagagcgaattagtgaagaaaaatgaagaggtagccaaaaaaaaccaagaactagcgagaaaagataaggaaattcaaaatttgaccgatagaaaaaatgatttaatagaacagatcaatgacagtaaaacattaaataaccagctatctgagaaagttaatgtattaactgcagaaaatcagcaaataaaacaaaatctgaataaccctgattatctagctaagagacacgaagaaataacagtagcaagagagaaaatatctagtacaaacagaatgagtttcaaaatgtaa
>gene_30506|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggccaatgtaaagaaattcacgaggcaggcggtgggcaatcttctggcgcacttcgagcgcaggcagaagttgaacgctgagactggtgagatggaatatgcgaagttcggcaaccgggacattgacacccggtggtcagaactgaattaccggacatggccacctctgagccaggacgactacaagatcagaggggtgcgaacggatccgcagctcgctgccatctggcaggcgagcggagatccggacgaatcctctcttgatcggtggcgcaggatctaccacaacacccctcacgcaaagcggaaggacttggcctgcttttgcagctggtcaatctcccttccggatccgattcccctggacaaggccgatgtctttttcaatctctgtaccaggtactgcatcagtaagtacggagctgagaacatcgtgggtgcctgggttcattgggatgagatcggcaggccg
>gene_31073|Plasmid recombination-related protein
atggcgaacatgatgaagtttacgaagatggcagcgttggcggtgatcgcccaccaggaacgaacttgcctcacgcatagcaacgagaacatcgatccggaaatgacgaagtacaactactccgtctggcctgcagacgagcaggccccgtacatggtcgagaagaccggctggaagagattgacccaccggctgagccaggtgaagcacctgaaccggaaggacgtcaacgtgctggtcgagtgggtgatccacctcggcccggatgttcctcccggctacgagaatgaagaggcgttcttcctggcctgcatgagatactgcgcccggaagtatggagcagaaaacatctgctacggcatcgtccacgtggacgaagaaaacccgcacttgaccgttggtttcgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctttgaagctccggaagaatgccagcgcagcaacgaaggcagagtatgaagctgcggtcgctgccggcaagactgagatcgaggtgctggacgccgattcggtgatcaccaggaagcacttgcaggactggcacggtggcctgacccagcatctgatcgatgagcttggctacgatcctgctgtctataccggcatcaccaaagccatgggtggcaacatgacggtgaagcagatgaagcgcaaaggccccaagtggcgagagcagcgcaacaagcaggcagagcagttccatgaagtgcgtcgcgcggcggcagccaagctgctcaatggccgtcatgccggtatagatgcaaagatcgctatgtccgatcccgatcggacacagcttcaaggccaaggcgagcctggtcaagagaagggaagaaagccgaccctggcggatcagatccggggcgccggtgatcgtggtggtcgcaatggttggtaa
>gene_31765|conjugal transfer protein TraE
gtgacatttctggtgctgaacaccgggcgcaccgagcaggaactggaaaacaatgtgttccaggcgcagagcatcgcccagaagcataactgcaacttgcgccgtttggattttcagcaggaatccgggctgatgagcagcctgcctttggcacaaaacctgatcgagattcgtcgtggcctgactaccagttccacggcgatttttgtacccttcacgacgcaggagctattccagaatggtggagaaacgctctattacgggctgaatgccctgtcgaacaaccttatcatggtggacagaaagaagctcaagaaccccaacggactgattctgggtactcccggttccggtaaatccttttccgcaaagcgtgaaatcaccaatgcgttcctggttacagatgacgatattatcatctgcgaccccgaagcggaatatgcggccctggttcacaagttcaatggtcaggtggtaaaaatcagttcctccagtaccaactatatcaaccccatggacatcaacctgaactactctgaggatgacaacccggtagcactgaaagccgattttatcctgtccctctgtgagttgattatgggcagtaaggatggcttacagcctatcgaaaagacggttatcgaccgttgtgtgcatcagatctaccagagatatttcgacaatcctgctcctgagaatatgccgatccttgaggatttgtatgatgcccttctgaagcaggacgaaaaggaagcccaccatgtagcgaccgccttggaaatctatgttaagggttctctgaaactgtttaacaacagaaccaatgtggatattcagaatcgtctggtgtgcttcgacattaaggagctgggcaatcagctgaagaaaatcggtatgctgatcgttcaggatcaggtctgggggcgtgtgactgccaaccgttctgccggtaaatcgaccagatattatattgacgagttccatctgcttctgaaggaagaacagacggcaacctattccgtagaaatctggaagcgattccgtaaatggggcggcttgccgaccggtattacccagaatgtcaaagacctgcttcgttccccggagattgccaacatcctcgaaaactcggatttcatctatatgctgaatcaggcaagcgatgaccgaagtattctggcacagcggttgaacatttcgccgcatcagctgtcctatgtaactaactccggtgagggcgaaggacttttgttctatggcaatgtgattcttccgttcattgaccgattcccgaccgatctggaactgtatcgcattcactttgagctttcctttatgaacctgagtaccgatgcagagagctttgaaaagagtatccgtatcccgttcaagaaggacagcttcaatcctgtccgtgccgagtatagccagatgctgaaaaagcagttggcacagggcaacaatggcttgaccaaaaccaagtacctgactttcggcattgaagccgaatccatgaggcaggcaaaaccgagactcaaccatatcgaaaacgatctgctcaataactttcgtcgtctgggtgtcattgccaccactatgaacggcaaagagcggctgcatctgatgcactccatgttccacatgggtgataatgataagttcttcttcgattggaagtatcttgtggaatccgggctatctgtaaaggacttcattgctccgacggcatttgcctttaagaccaaccgcaccttccagatgggtagcatcttcggttcaatgtcctatctggcaattacggcatcagacctgtctgaccgtatgctggcggactttctggatatggaatccacgcagattgtgaccatgcacatccagtcagttgaccagactgcggcgattaagaccatcaagagaaccatcaccgagcttgaccgttccaaaatcgaagaacagaaaaaagcggtgcgttccggctatgacatggacattatcccatctgaccttgctacctatggcaaagatgcaaagtcgcttctgaaagaattgcagagccagaacgagcgaatgttcatg
>gene_58039|Putative replication initiator protein
atggctcggaaaagcagtaaaaacgctgaatacaaagatgttcccaccgtcctcgatggaaaacaaaaggagagctatagctttgtagataatgaacggcggttaatggtaaaacagtccaatcagcttatacagaaattcagacacgatttgagtaacagaacacagtaccgaatgactatgtatctgattgctcacgcgtacaattttgacgataatctgatttattggtttgatataaaggatttctgccgatgctgcggtattgatgaagacagcggtggtaattaccgccatctgaaagatgaaatgcacaagctccgccagaaggctgtatggtttgatgtttatggtgaccctgatgtagaaactatgcttgccatagttgaccattgctgggtttacaagaaaagcggtaaaatcaaggttgagatagattatcagatgaagccgtatattcttgatttgaagcggaattgggaagaaaacggaataccatacactcaatatctgtttcttaacacgctgccgatgaagtccctttactcagctcggctgtatgagctgctgctctcctggaagaagtatgccgataacaatgacggctatatacctgcatacgatattgacgagcttaagcaactgattgatgccactacttatactcgataccaagacctaagacgatttgttttagaaaccgccaaacgtgaaataaatcagtattgtaatgacatcaatatggactataccgcagaaaaagacggcggaagagcctataaatacatagtcttccgcattacaaacaaaactgttcccgaaaagctcgctgccgaaaaaggcactctgaccgagcttgacggaaccatacacacttgggataaaactacgaaaggcggtgaaaaggaatga
>gene_17028|Plasmid replication protein
atggcacgtttggaaaaatacaatatgagagaagcaattgctgtgattatgcatgtcgagcgaacaggagcaacacacagtaacaaaaacatcgacgttgaacgaacagaacaaaactactctttgtggccacaagattctccggacgagatgaaatttgacaccgaagtgtctggtcagagctctgctcgttttgcatacaaaagattaaagaaaagactttcagaagttgaatgcttgcaacgttctgacgtcaatgttttagttgaagtagatttgcatctgggtgcagatgttcctccaggttatgagtcagagagagaattctacgaagctgcggtcagggttctgaccgcaaaatacggtgcaaaaaacgtcgtttatgcatgggttcacaacgatgaaaacagcagtcaccttcattttggttttgtgccagttgtgaaaaagactcggaagctccgaaaaaatgcttcagaagctctgaaaaaacaatttgaagaagcaaaagctgcagaaaaacttgattatgaaaaagtcgatgccaattcaataatgacaagaaaacatctgcaggattggcacccttggttttcaaaaaaaatgacagatgagctcaaatatgaccctgctgttcacaccggcattacagagtttttaggtggtaatgtgtctgttaaacagctttacaaaaaaccaaaaaattggacggagcagcgaaataaaaaagctgcggcattccacgacaagagacgttctgatgcactcggagaaacatcaagtattgattctttaatcaccttaaccgacaaatcaaaaccacaatcagaaccttctccagcagaagaaagaaaaattgacattaatgacatggttaaaagtgcttcggaacgctctggacgtcattaa
>gene_33115|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgggaaaaagaagaagtcttcaacaacaactgaactatgttattagtgacaactgtcgaattggccattctaaacgagccgaaaatggagcaaatacaggatatgtatattcagtacaatatgccgaaaatttgagagatacggcacgaaatttatcaaattaccttcgctctgaatggcctgatgtaaagtgggtcaaagacattaagtctgagcatatacaagcatggcttgacaagagaagtcctaattggtcgaattctacactaattaatcatgtatcaagacttaaaatcatagaaaagcaaatttatagaacatataaaattgacattgactggaaatttaaagtccttgttaaagagaattttactaaaattcgtgatgttgctatgacaagagaggattacaacaacctgcaaaaaaaattagaccaaggtaatagtacagcaaaaatagcgacttccattactgcccgtacaggcctcagaatcaaagaaattgcaaggcttaaggttgacaacattaatcttaatgacatggtaattgaagtgcgtgatggtgcaaaaaacggcaaatatagggatgttcccattagaccatcagataaagaattttttagcaaacttaaaaattcgcttataggccaagtatatgtatgtgatggagcaaaggaagattcaatcaatacaggaattagacgagccatgaaaagtttaggattagccgaaaaatataaaagcacatctaatcatgccattcgtaaaatgtatgcaagggaaacctacgaacaattaattgaacaaggttatagtgataagaaggcttggtgtcaagtgcagaagaaccttggccacagtgacaaatatcgtcaatcattatttgatacttatatcatcaaaagttaa
>gene_57798|Rep protein
atgtcaaaaaaaagtcaagagtacagctggagatacagcgcggtaacagaacaagccccaaaggaggggtattcaatccttgatctggtaagaacaagctttgtcccatcttgccatatcaaaaaaataagcaggtctgaataccttaaagggcattaccgggaggacgggtctttcctctcggacggtgaggtttataccttcgcagaaaaggaggagcacatgagaaaccgtcgttcccttcgtcaaatattccgcacattgcgtcagcttatagcaacaaacttcaagggaggagattcggagttatttctcaccctcacatacgccgatcaacataacgaccctgagcggattcacacggatctcaaaaaattctggctccgtctgaagtacaaatacccggcactcaaatacatagctattgtcgagccccacgcaacgggaatgtttcatgtccatatgttgttggctgatacttcaggggatcccctgtacatcccatgggaggaacttaaggtaacatgggggctcggtgcgatcgagattgaccgtcttgaggatatcgaccatatgggtgcatactttatagcttacttttcaaaccttgaattgtcccccgacgaagtcaagctatacgagagccaaggcgacgtgatcgagaaggagggcaaaaaatatatcaaggggaaacgccttgattactatccagagcatatgcgcatatatcgccatagccgcaactgcgagaaaccaaacaagataacgggctttgatgccgatgcagcactggcaggggctgagcttagatactcccatgaaacagagttcgaggatgagggcacaatataccacatccaaaccgcccaatatatcaaaaggtctgagggggtcaatgatggagtataa
>gene_52346|Plasmid recombination-like protein
atggctcaagttgaaaaatacaatctccaacaagcgaaggcgattatcgcccatgtcgaaaggacaggggcgaatcacagcaatgaaagtattgacccttcaagaacgaaggacaactactctctctggccgcccaatgatcctgaccaaatgctgttcgacactggcatcgatgggcaaagcagtggacgctatgcgtaccagcgactcaagaagagattgtctgaagtgcgctgtctgcagcgtggtgacgtcaacgtgctctgcgactggtgtctgcacctcggggttgatgtgcccccaggttacgaatcgaagcgagcgttctacgaagctgcagtcagagttattgctggcatctatggccataaaaatatcatgtttgcctgggtgcatgaggatgaaacaagcagccacttgcacatcgggttcgttccggtcgttcggaaggagcttaagctgcgaaagaacgcttcggaagcttcgaaggcagagtatgaagctgccgttgctgcaggtcagactgtggtcgaaacagttgacgccaactcagtgatcaacagacgtcacctgcagggttggcatgggtacatgtccaagagaatgacccaagagctcggctacgatcctggcattcatactggggtcaccaaagcccttggcggtaacgctactgttccgcaactcaaaaaggccggcccgaagtggcgcgaaaagcgcaatgcaaaagtcaaagcgtaccatgagcagcgcagagcagcaaagggtcaaaaggctggccttgcagaccagatagctgcagctgagttcactcagccgcagacaaaggcttcgcctacacagcagcaaggaaagaaaagctctctggatgctctgatcaagggtgctggcgagcgtagtggtaagtaa
>gene_49470|Rep protein
ttggagattaaaaaacttgattcccctgtttctatttctgattctgctcttgttcggcttaaagaaatgggaaacattacggagatcatgtattccgaaaagcgttctcgtggtggctatattaccaagattgataaagaccactatgtagacaatcgcaccggagaagtatttgagtttaagcatctcgaaaaccgtgcgcaggatctggcgaatgttgcaaagtctcttgctcaaggtagggatattctgaacgcaaatattaccgacgtttcccgctgtcgttgggtcactcttacatacgctgacaatatgacagaccccgaaagacttgtacgggattttcgagattttaataagcgttgtcgtgcgaaatttggtcattatgagtatatcaccgcagccgaaccgcaggggcgtggcgcatggcacttgcattgcgtttttatctttgctggtaaagctccgtacatggaaaatgctgttgtccgtgattgttggaaacaaggatttgtgaccgtgaaacggcttgatgatgtcgataatgtcggcgcatacttaactgcctatttaggtgatatggagctttctgaagcgtctaaagctgatatggcggtatcttattccaaaggcattaaagaagtcgtatatgaggacgagaacggcgttaaacagaccaagaaatatatcaagggcgctcggctctgtatgtacccgcctggctttcatattttccgatggagcaaaggaattaaaaagccggatgtttctgttgtcgagtataaaaaggcaaaagaaaaagccagctctgccaagctgacttttactaaaacagttgctcttgaagaccctgaaagcgacttcaaaaacactcttcaatac
>gene_53813|Mobilization protein
atggctaagacatccatcaacatccagccggtcaaatccggaagcgaggaacataacaagcgaatgaaaccgcttgactatgttcgccgggaattgacgcaacacaaccagtactgggaaagtgattcccagtccgcccgccttgcctcaatccaagaaaggtacttcagaaccgtaggtcagaagatgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccag
>gene_113|Mobilization protein
atggctaagacatccatcaacatccagccggtcaaatccggaagcgaggaacataacaagcgaatgaaaccgcttgactatgttcgccgggaattgacgcaacacaaccagtactgggaaagtgattcccagtcc
>gene_44984|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein (Fragment)
atggctcaaacaagcattcacatcgaacctgtcaagaccagttccgaagttcacaacaagcgcctcaaggcacttaactatgttcgtccagaactctctcgtctaaacgactactgggagtccgactcacagaagaaccgccttgcctcaatccaagaaaggtacttcagaaccgtaggtcagaagatgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccaggattccacctcgatggacgatctgcgaaaactcgcagatgtcttcaaggagaaatttggggttgaggtattccagattgccatccatcgtgacgagggtcacgctaagtccaaggactggaaacccaacctccatgctcatttagtgtttgactggacagaccaggagactggcaagtccatcaaactgaatcgaaaccgaatggtagaaatgcagaccatcacggctgaggtcctgggcatggaacgagggaagtccagcgacaagaaacacctctccgcaattcaatacaagattgatgcaagggttaagcagttggaggaactggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaaaatcctttcctggttcagagttggcgaactggctgccatccgtaaggaactggaagcagccaatatggaaataaaggcgcagaaagccctcctaaccgttcatcggcacgacagtgacaaaaccattgccgaactcacaaaacgagctgaggacgccgaaaaaggggcaaagacggcaaaacagcagcttatcaatgtaagggaagagaactcatccctacaagaagagctgcgtttgtcgaaaattcgtggagagcattggcaaacaaagtacgaggaactgacctccgaggaagaccagggcagaggagtaaggcggtaa
>gene_115|Putative mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccaggattccacctcgatggacgatctgcgaaaactcgcagatgtcttcaaggagaaatttggggttgaggtattccagattgccatccatcgtgacgagggtcacgctaagtccaaggactggaaacccaacctccatgctcatttagtgtttgactggacagaccaggagactggcaagtccatcaaactgaatcgaaaccgaatggtagaaatgcagaccatcacggctgaggtcctgggcatggaacgagggaagtccagcgacaagaaacacctctccgcaattcaatacaagattgatgcaagggttaagcagttggaggaactggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaaaatcctttcctggttcggagttggcgaactggctgccatccgtaaggaactggaagcagccaatatggaaataaaggcgcagaaagccctcctaaccgttcatcggcacgacagtgacaaaaccattgccgaactcacaaaacgagctgaggacgccgaaaaaggggcaaagacggcaaaacagcagcttatcaatgtaagggaagagaactcatccctacaagaagagctgcgtttgtcgaaaattcgtggagagcattggcaaacaaagtacgaggaactgacctccgaggaagaccagggcagaggagtaaggcggtaa
>gene_17765|Mobilization protein
atggctaagacatccatcaacatccagccggtcaaatccggaagcgaggaacataacaagcgaatgaaaccgcttgactatgttcgccgggaattgacgcaacacaaccagtactgggaaagtgattcccagtcc
>gene_17767|Putative mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccaggattccacctcgatggacgatctgcgaaaactcgcagatgtcttcaaggagaaatttggggttgaggtattccagattgccatccatcgtgacgagggtcacgctaagtccaaggactggaaacccaacctccatgctcatttagtgtttgactggacagaccaggagactggcaagtccatcaaactgaatcgaaaccgaatggtagaaatgcagaccatcacggctgaggtcctgggcatggaacgagggaagtccagcgacaagaaacacctctccgcaattcaatacaagattgatgcaagggttaagcagttggaggaactggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaaaatcctttcctggttcggagttggcgaactggctgccatccgtaaggaactggaagcagccaatatggaaataaaggcgcagaaagccctcctaaccgttcatcggcacgacagtgacaaaaccattgccgaactcacaaaacgagctgaggacgccgaaaaaggggcaaagacggcaaaacagcagcttatcaatgtaagggaagagaactcatccctacaagaagagctgcgtttgtcgaaaattcgtggagagcattggcaaacaaagtacgaggaactgacctccgaggaagaccagggcagaggagtaaggcggtaa
>gene_26421|Mobilization protein
atggctaagacatccatcaacatccagccggtcaaatccggaagcgaggaacataacaagcgaatgaaaccgcttgactatgttcgccgggaattgacgcaacacaaccagtactgggaaagtgattcccagtccgcccgccttgcctcaatccaagaaaggtacttcagaaccgtaggtcagaagatgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccag
>gene_54969|Mobilization protein
atggctaagacatccatcaacatccagccggtcaaatccggaagcgaggaacataacaagcgaatgaaaccgcttgactatgttcgccgggaattgacgcaacacaaccagtactgggaaagtgattcccagtcc
>gene_54971|Putative mobilization protein (Fragment)
atgcaggcaacggcaacccccatccgtgagggtgttgtcgtgatccaggattccacctcgatggacgatctgcgaaaactcgcagatgtcttcaaggagaaatttggggttgaggtattccagattgccatccatcgtgacgagggtcacgctaagtccaaggactggaaacccaacctccatgctcatttagtgtttgactggacagaccaggagactggcaagtccatcaaactgaatcgaaaccgaatggtagaaatgcagaccatcacggctgaggtcctgggcatggaacgagggaagtccagcgacaagaaacacctctccgcaattcaatacaagattgatgcaagggttaagcagttggaggaactggagaagtccgtgggcactggtgccaaaatcctttcctggttcggagttggcgaactggctgccatccgtaaggaactggaagcagccaatatggaaataaaggcgcagaaagccctcctaaccgttcatcggcacgacagtgacaaaaccattgccgaactcacaaaacgagctgaggacgccgaaaaaggggcaaagacggcaaaacagcagcttatcaatgtaagggaagagaactcatccctacaagaagagctgcgtttgtcgaaaattcgtggagagcattggcaaacaaagtacgaggaactgacctccgaggaagaccagggcagaggagtaaggcggtaa
>gene_42412|Rep protein
ttgccagttaaaatcaaaattgataactttgatatattagatacagagagtgtgcgtgttaaagaatgtggcaatataacagagataatgtatcaaaatcataggtctaatggtggtagtactttaaaagttgataaagaccattacattgacaccaggactggtgaattaaaagaatataatcatattgaaaataggtcacaagatattgcaaatgtaagaaagactatgcagtatggacgagatatgataaatgccaatgtgactaatactgataattgcgcctgggttactctcacatataaagaaaatatgcgcgatagtaaaaagttatattatgactttatgaactttaataagcgtttacgctctatctatggcaattatgaatatatcacttgcgccgagccacaaggtcgtggagcctggcacctacatataatattaatatttgatacaagagcgccttatattcctaatgatgtaatatacaaagcttggaagaaaggttttacaagtataaatgctcttaatgatgttgataatgtaggcgcgtatttaagcgcttatttatgtgatgttgaggtatcacaagccaacgagttaaatattcaatacaacgcgtctaatgtcaaggatattgatattattgatagaattgatggttcaaaaagtacaaagcactttgtgaaaggcgcaaggctttctatgtatccacctggctttcatatatttagattttcaaaaggttgcaaaaaacctatagttagcaatatgtcatacaaaaaggcaaaaaaagaaaaggtcaactctgccaagttaaccttttcaaatagcattgaattaatcgacatagaaaacgatttcacaaacactatcaaatacgagtattataatactctaaaataa
>gene_56559|Replication initiation protein
atggcaagaagaagcgaccaaaagcaggcgaagatcgactctgaacgggagatggaggtattcaagcggaacgacatgatccaaaaagctcggttcacactgaccgttgtagagcaaagatctgtgttgtatgcgatcagcaaaatccagccggaggatacatacctcaaagagtacacatttgacctcaaagagttctatgacatcatcggttggaagaaggaaagctatacagagtttagggcaatgctaaagaaactccgtgatcgtagctggtggattctcatgccggacggcaaaaccgaatccgccgtatcatggttctcgacggttagagctaatgagtcaaagggaaaggtaaccatcaaatttcatgaagatatgatgccgtatctcgtagaactctccaagcagaaggtattctatacgagctttaatctgaaatacgtgctcccaatgtcatcccagtttggacctcggctctatgagctcctgaagagctatagcaataacgacgagtggttctttgatgtagatgaactcaagaagagacttgactgcgaaaactacaagaattttgcagatttcaagcgaagggttcttgatccagctgttcaagatatcaacaagtattcggatctccgtgtcaattacgatgcgtttaaagatggtgtgcggtatgctcgcatcgttttctatatcgaggaaaagacaaaaactgagaaggtaaaggttgacaggatgatagcaaccacgcttgacggagaggtaaccgaagaggatctgcagaagcaaagagaggaatacgccaagagcggcagggctaagtttctcaaagaacatcaagaagctatcaaagaagaacgacaagcgcaagaacggctaagctggcttggaagaaaggagtaa
>gene_8197|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
catagcagatattcattaactttatcacaacagcgtcttttactattcttaatatctaaaatcgcgccttatgatgatatagaaaatgaatatagagttaagataaaagatattatagatgtatgcgagtatgataaaacgagtggcgtatattataaactaataaagcgtgatttacttgtattaagaaatagcgctatttggatggaaacagcgcgaggacttgaaacaatagggtggttatcaaaagccattcttcttaaaccacagaaaggaacagattatcaggagatttgttttaagtttgatagtggtttagaaccttatttgtttcaattaaagtctttctatacgcaatacaatttagaaaacataataacattaagccataaatatagtttgcgcctttatgaatatcttatgtcttatgctaatcttatgtatgttatagtatcagtagatgatttaaaattaagattagacgcgcaaaattattccaaatataatcatttcaaagaaaggattttaaaaccttctattgatgatattaacgcaaaaactaatatctatatagagtttgatgagttaaagacaggaaaagcaattacaaagattgctttctatatatggggagtaaaccaggatagcaaagatttttcaattgaagatatgagaatacgcgcaggaataaaagcgaatgtagatagacgaataattaaagataagaaacagaaacttgataaagaaaagatgataaatgcaaatggagaaataacagcgcaattatcactttttgaagatagttaa
>gene_21213|RepB family protein
ttgggtaggacagaaaaagaaaagcgcctcctctatgagaagaatgaagaagtaagaaagcaacagtcttattgggtagtaaaaagaaatgaccttataactcatagcagatattcattaactttatcacaacagcgtcttttactattcttaatatctaaaatcgcgccttatgatgatatagaaaatgaatatagagttaagataaaagatattatagatgtatgcgagtatgataaaacgagtggcgtatattataaactaataaagcgtgatttacttgtattaagaaatagcgctatttggatggaaacagcgcgaggacttgaaacaatagggtggttatcaaaagccattcttcttaaaccacagaaaggaacagattatcaggagatttgttttaagtttgatagtggtttagaaccttatttgtttcaattaaagtctttctatacgcaatacaatttagaaaacataataacattaagccataaatatagtttgcgcctttatgaatatcttatgtcttatgctaatcttatgtatgttatagtatcagtagatgatttaaaattaagattagacgcgcaaaattattccaaatataatcatttcaaagaaaggattttaaaaccttctattgatgatattaacgcaaaaactaatatctatatagagtttgatgagttaaagacaggaaaagcaattacaaagattgctttctatatatggggagtaaaccaggatagcaaagatttttcaattgaagatatgagaatacgcgcaggaataaaagcgaatgtagatagacgaataattaaagataagaaacagaaacttgataaagaaaagatgataaatgcaaatggagaaataacagcgcaattatcactttttgaagatagttaa
>gene_31116|protein rep
gtgttagctgataaatccgcaagtggcagggtgcgcccttgggcgctttataaattggcaaatacttacatcgcttacgcttacgatgagattgacgaaaaaaaggcttctcggttgcgtgagtgtgcaaatgtcttgacatatcggcgtgacggtgaggtgttgcgattggttcatgctgatttttgcagggttaggttatgcccgatatgtcaatggcgacgttctttgaaaaattatggtcaaatgcttaagattttaggcgcattgcaggggcaatactcttatattttcttgactcttacaatgaaaaattgctctggagatgccctttctgatactcttgacaccctttttgcttcatacaatcgccttacaaaaaataatgcagtgaaaaaggttgtcaaaggttggtaccgagcttgcgaggtaacacacaaccttgacacaaatgagtatcacccacatcttcattgcatactggctgtgaataaatcctattttacttcgagagattacatcaatcaaggtgattgggtcgaacattggaaacaggcgttgcaggttgactatacgcctgtattggatgttcgcaaaatcaaaggcgatgacacaaaggcagtagcagaagcttcaaagtacgcagtaaaagcaaatgacattatcaattatgatgactgggaattaaccgtggagacggtttccatacttgataaagcacttgcaggacgtcgctttgtgggattcggtggcgttatgcgtgacgtacataaagcattaaatcttgacgattccgacgatggagatttactcgatattggacagaaaggcgacacaatcacaagcgacgatgtcgacgaaattacttttgtttggcatagtggctataaccagtataggagagaataa
>gene_8151|Mobilization protein
atgggtgcggggataatccgtgtcagcaaggtgaagtcctccggcatcggcggtctgcaccgccacgtcaagcgctctggcatcaaccactccaaccccgacatcgacgcgagcaggagccaccacaacgtgtcctgggtggaccggggggacaccagggcgttcgtggagcggcgcatcgccgaggggcgcacgtccacccgcaaggtgaggaaggacgccgtcgtcctggtcgacgggatcgtgacgatgagcgaggaggacgccaggaggatgggggaggcggctgtcgccgactacctgcgagacgccctggcgttcgtcgaggacgagttcggcgcggacaacatcgcctacttcgacatacacctggacgagactacgccgcacgcgcacttcggcgcggtgccgctgcgcgacggctcgctgtcctggaagaagttcttcccgtccaagtacgcgctctccgagttccaagaccgcttctaccagcaggtttccagcaggcacgacctcgaccgaggggagaagagggtcgggcagggggcgctggtcaggcacaagaccgtctccgagatgaaggctgacagccgccgcgagctggctcgcatccaggagcaaatcgagcaggaacagcgccgattggagtccgttcaacgagcacaagaaacagctcgtgagcaggtcagaggcattgaggagggagtgcgagcacttgagctcagacgttcggagcttagagagagacgcgagcgcgctcgagagcgcgttgccgagctgctaggacgtctgtccagggttcccgccgatgtggtcgaccggctgagcgactggtcgaagtcgctggtagagcggttgttcgtaccgccagcgcaacccgagccgacagcgaccgccctgggc
>gene_19799|Replication initiator protein
atggggggagttatggcagaaaactttgataaattgcaagaattagaacggaaacaggcagaacgtgaaaaggtattagcggaaatagaaaaagccatacaccgtaaagaggtaacatttaacatggataattatgttgttatggctaataacatggtatttcatagcgcaagcaatctatctttaaacgaaatgaaattgcttaaatttgtcatcatgcagactgaaatgggggatacagaactttatacgcttgatataccagcaaaagaactttgtaaaatgctggagatcaaaagcaaggatatgtataaaaggcttgatgccatgacaaaccatctgatgaatgaatttatcagaatcggtgatgatagcaaacagaaatggaaaaaatataattggcttgataagtgcgaatatgaaaacggcattattacaattaagctatgtgaagccttgaagccgtttctccttgatttaaaaggctgttttactagataccacctatcagaaattattagttttaaatctacatacgcaataaagatttatgaaatgttcatgggatatttaaacgaaaataatttgccgtatgcagataacgccgttgaaatatcaatcagcatggaagaattgcgaaaaaatacaaataccgaaaataaattttcaagaccatacgacttcaagaaaaaagtaatggatatggcaataagagaaataaatgataaatctaaattccacgtaaccgccacagaatatagacaggggcaaacagtaaaaggatttgatttcttgatagagtcgcaagctggctatgctgtcagaactgataatgagcaaaggcaagtgaaaataaatgtagaccagcaactaaccatagatgattttatgtccgataataaataa
>gene_28229|replicative protein
ccaaacaaaacattaagcgagctttgggctcaaggcttcactaaaacacaaaaacttgataataacattgacaatattggtgcttatcttaccgcttatctaggagatatggaacttaatcaatgtattgaaaataaagtatcttataataaaaacgacattaaagtcgttgatactatcggcgatatgaaacttaaaacaccaaagaaatttgtaaaaggtggaagactgtcaatgtatccgccaaactttaatatttatagaatttcaaaaggaataaaaaaaccggaaaagacttacatgtcctataaagaagcaaaagaaaaaattggagaattttccccaacttattcaaaggcattatctttacacgataacgaaagtaatttctcaaatacaatcgtatatgaatattataatacaaaaagaaagtaa
>gene_32477|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgacgttggaaactgcatttgaacaatttatagaatttaaaaaattacagggtttggcagaaacaagtattaactgctaccgttcatttgttaccccgttcttggaaatggtcggttttgaatgtgaaatttcttctgtaacggaatcagctattcataattatattagttcattatttgatcgtgatatttcaaagtcaacacgcgcaacgtatgttcgtcatttaaaatgttttcttaactggatgaaaaagtatcttgatacggatttgtataccgatagaattattgttcccaagtccaataaaaaggtcttgcgcatttatgatgatgaagatattgctttgatctttagaaccattgaagctgaaaatgaatggcttactgcccgtaattgtgctatggtcgctcttatgcttgattctggcttacggcaaggggaggtgtgtgacttattaactgataacatatttttcaataagtccatgcttaaggtgtgcggaaaaggcgataaagaacgcattgttccacttggtaacatagcaacgtattatatgaaacaatattcttctttgtgtccttatcatgatacttactttttcttatctcgtaggggcgaacctgttacccgggatgcagtaaaacattttatgtggaaacttgctcagaagcttccctttgaattttcttcccacaaattaaggcacaatttcgctacaaattattgcattgaccaatatgaaaaacacggttttgttgatatttataaacttatgattttaatgggtcatgaagacgtaaagacgacaaatagatatttacatatcgcaaatcagataattgtttcgcgtgaaagcgtatcacacattgacaagatctttcagcatttacaggggatttcttga
>gene_22268|DNA replication protein dnaC
atgaaaacgaacacgcaaccggcacgaggaaacgagacagagagcgagcgagcaatcgcggccgcgctactgggaaacgataacaagcaagtagactatgaggcagtatgcccggtttgcggggaaaagctatggaaagtcattgactatggacgcggcccgcacccggttaaaaaaatttgtaagtgcaaggaagaggcgaaccgggcggccgaggctaaagccaaggcggcaaagctggaggacgaccggcgcaagtgttttcaaggaaacgccgtttataccggctatacgtgggcgaactctgacccgggcaagaacccgaacccaaaggcgcataaatccgccaatatcattaggcgaatgtcgagcgacccggccgagtggatcaggtacaagaacgagacaggcggcaaggcccaagggtttatattatgcgggccgaccggaaccggcaaaacctatatggcggctgccgcgtgtaatgctgtaattgacgcgggaaagagcgcggcattttaccgagtatctgacctatttgagcaatacaagaccacacaaagacgggccgaagatttagcgatatactgggaacatctgaacgaggtatttctcatggtgcttgatgatttaggcgtcgaagcacaaaccaagcaatttgaggactatctttttgagctaatcgaccaccggcaaacggcgacgcaaaacaataactgttttacgatcatcacgaccaacgcgacccgcgatattttcacgaatcaagccgggtcgagttttgagcggattcgctcccggctatcttctttttcagtgctggacgtagacggcgacgacataagaaaagccggtcaaagtgatttgtatagcgcgctgattagcggcggattcacgaaggattga
>gene_34353|Replicase
ctcgaactttttaacgacagactcccgcacaagccgtacttttctgacgatctgcacttcggtgtgcgtatcgcggggaaagagcgcgccatcctggctaagtacatccagttcaaccagcctcatgccatgttctggctgggattcgacgtcgatcgtgccggtgccgccatcgactggagcgaccggaacgcgcctgcacccacactgaccatcaccaacccggaaaatggacacgcgcacctgctctacgcattggaaacttcggttcgcactgcacctgacggcaaaatgaagccgctgaaatatgccgctgccgtggagaacgcgctgcgtaaaaaactggacgctgatgtagggtattcaggcctaatctgcaaaaacccgaaccacggccactggaaaattgccgtgtggcagccagagctctacacgctcgactggctggccgattcgctcgacctgaacgccgtgaacgacaaagaaatcgtcgccgactacggtttaggccgtaactgcgccctgttcgataaaacccgcaagtgggcataccgcgccatccgtcagggctggccggagtatgatcagtggttgcaagcctgctatgaacgtgcgagcgcctataacctgcaattcgcatcgcctctggatgaaaatgaggtggcagggattgctaaaagcattgcgaaatggacgcatggtcgcttctctaatgagttattttctgactacgtttctagaacgcattcttcagaaatacaatcaaaaagaggaaaggttggaggagttaaaagccggggtggtggcaggcccataaatataaattcaacaaatcaagaaaaaccttgggaagctatgggtattagtaggaggacttatttttataggaaattgttttcgtgttaa
>gene_12896|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgcacatgatgaaggtcaagttggcgactgctcgcggactcatacgctacgagggcaggatgccagggaagcgtgtggacgctggcaagtgggagcagttccccaaccaacgcacgctgcaccccgaacggacggcggacaactacgcgttgttgttccgcgagcaggagggtgacggtaagccgaagttcaggcaagcgaagccgaacgcgggcgctgccgtgtgcgagcaggcgttggatgcggcggtggagttgcacgtccgcatgacgggcaagaaaccgcgtagggatgccgttgggttggcgaactgggtggtgacgctcccgaagggcgtcgaccagtcgaaggcgccgaagttcttcgctaccatgctggctttcctccgctcggtttacggcgtggacgcggttgtcggggggttcgtgcacatggaccagaccacacctcacatgcacgtgcccgtcatcatgaccaaggacggacggttgcaggcgaagaacatcatgaactacaagcacatggcgaccatccacgatgacgcggaggagttcgcgaagaagcacggctacagcggcgtgcggctctccgaggaggatgtgctcggtcgtgcgatgtcgaagctctccagggaggagctgaacgccctcaacgccgatgtggagcgccgtgtggacgagaagacggcggatagggtgcaagccctcgagaacgagcgacaagccctcaaagaccgccagggagcgtttgaggcgcaggtgctggaagccgaagcgctctctgagtggagcatctcggcggagcgcaccgcgatccgtgaccgagacctgcaagccaagatcgaccgcgcagccgagttcgctagtggcggacaacgcgtcggacatgaccttgagctgcaatga
>gene_51785|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgcacatgatgaaggtcaagttggcgactgctcgcggactcatacgctacgagggcaggatgccagggaagcgtgtggacgctggcaagtgggagcagttccccaaccaacgcacgctgcaccccgaacggacggcggacaactacgcgttgttgttccgcgagcaggagggtgacggtaagccgaagttcaggcaagcgaagccgaacgcgggcgctgccgtgtgcgagcaggcgttggatgcggcggtggagttgcacgtccgcacgacgggcaagaaaccgcgtagggatgccgttgggttggcgaactgggtggtgacgctcccgaagggcgtcgaccagtcgaaggcgccgaagttcttcgctaccatgctggctttcctccgctcggtttacggcgtggacgcggttgtcggggggttcgtgcacatggaccagaccacacctcacatgcacgtgcccgtcatcatgaccaaggacggacggttgcaggcgaagaacatcatgaactacaagcacatggcgaccatccacgatgacgcggaggagttcgcgaagaagcacggctacagcggcgtgcggctctccgaggaggatgtgctcggtcgtgcgatgtcgaagctctccagggaggagctgaacgccctcaacgccgatgtggagcgccgtgtggacgagaagacggcggatagggtgcaagccctcgagaacgagcgacaagccctcaaagaccgccagggagcgtttgaggcgcaggtgctggaagccgaagcgctctctgagtggagcatctcggcggagcgcaccgcgatccgtgaccgagacctgcaagccaagatcgaccgcgcagccgagttcgctagtggcggacaacgcgtcggacatgaccttgagctgcaatga
>gene_55996|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgcacatgatgaaggtcaagttggcgactgctcgcggactcatacgctacgagggcaggatgccagggaagcgtgtggacgctggcaagtgggagcagttccccaaccaacgcacgctgcaccccgaacggacggcggacaactacgcgttgttgttccgcgagcaggagggtgacggtaagccgaagttcaggcaagcgaagccgaacgcgggcgctgccgtgtgcgagcaggcgttggatgcggcggtggagttgcacgtccgcacgacgggcaagaaaccgcgtagggatgccgttgggttggcgaactgggtggtgacgctcccgaagggcgtcgaccagtcgaaggcgccgaagttcttcgctaccatgctggctttcctccgctcggtttacggcgtggacgcggttgtcggggggttcgtgcacatggaccagaccacacctcacatgcacgtgcccgtcatcatgaccaaggacggacggttgcaggcgaagaacatcatgaactacaagcacatggcgaccatccacgatgacgcggaggagttcgcgaagaagcacggctacagcggcgtgcggctctccgaggaggatgtgctcggtcgtgcgatgtcgaagctctccagggaggagctgaacgccctcaacgccgatgtggagcgccgtgtggacgagaagacggcggatagggtgcaagccctcgagaacgagcgacaagccctcaaagaccgccagggagcgtttgaggcgcaggtgctggaagccgaagcgctctctgagtggagcatctcggcggagcgcaccgcgatccgtgaccgagacctgcaagccaagatcgaccgcgcagccgagttcgctagtggcggacaacgcgtcggacatgaccttgagctgcaatga
>gene_40755|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ccattccacgagcttatcttacagatcgggaactgtgacgataccgccgtggggacggagacggcagacaaggctacggaagctctgagggaatattacagcggttttcaagagcgtaatccgcacctgcgggtattctccgctcacctgcatttggatgagcatacgccccatatccacattgatttcataccgtttacgactggaagcaagcgggggcttgatacccgtgtatcgctgaaacaggcgctcttgcagcagggcttcaagggagacggtaaacgggacaatgaatggaatcgctgggtacagtccgaaaaagaagttctggccgccgtgatggaacgttacggctttgaatgggagcagaaaggcacccacgaggaacacctctccgattacgattacaagaagaaaatgcgagccgcagaggtcgcagagctgacggaaaaggtggctgatctcaaagagaaggttgccgacaagcaaggcgatttcaaggaaatggagagccgtattcagaattacgacaagggtgaaaggagccttgacgaactcaaaaaggaactggacacgtcctccgattacgctctgccggagccgcagggcttgatgactgccaagagttacaagaccaagtttgccgagccgctgataaaaaagctcaaaaagctcgtgcttaccgttttggcaagatatttcgagatggcgggcagttattaccggctcaacaattcaaacgggcgatattaccgtgaaaatcagagattggagagggataacgagtatctgaccgcaaagaacgcagagctgcaagaagaaaaccgacagttacgggctgagaacaaggattttgctttcctcaggaagatgttcggagaggaacgcattgataatctgatatga
>gene_32866|Protein rep
atgcaaataaataataacatggattcatacgattgtcaagtgtcaaagatactacgcaagacggctattaaaaaaagacaaaatgaatcaattatacactggttaaattctgaaaagcaagaacgcgccgcggttcaagttcaaaattgcgcgacttcattaggcattacagatattgacgggattgcgcgtgtggtgcgcgcggatttttgtagggagcgtatttgtgctgtttgcgcttggcgcagacaagtaaggtttgttgctcaaactacgccgattttagattatatgtcggagcatggttatcaatttatttttgcaactgtaacagttaaaaatgtatcttataatgaacttgataagacgttaagtttaatattaaaaggctttgcaaatttgcgccatagagcagaaataaaacgtgcatggcgcggaattatacgttcggtcgagttgacgtataatgagagcgataatacctttcatccacatatacatatgcttatagcggtagacaaaagttattatgaaaattcttatatttcgcaagcaagattaagcgaattatggcgcgattgtataaatgcagattatattcctgttgtagatattaggcgtgttgatgatacagagcgcgccgcggttgaatcgttaaagtatagtttaaaaccaacagtaaaccctacggctttaagtgcgttttattatatattaaaaggtcgtaggcttatatcttttacggggatatttaagactttaagaactgaatttaaactttcagattttgagaacattttaactgatgatatgccgcaaggatataaaatccgttattctctatataagttagattgtaacggcggtctatataaatattacaaagacaaggagttgagcatatga
>gene_36870|Rep protein
atgaagaaaagaaaattgcctgaccccatttgtcctctcaatggtgatatcgtcagacttaaggaaatgggaaatatttcagagataatgtactctgaaaagaagaacacaaatatttctattcaaaggctcgataaagaacattatgttgataaacgaactggagaagttaaagagttcgttcatatggattcgcgtgcagatgacaagaacagtgtgcgtgtaactcttgggaagctcagagatttgattaatacaaatgtgattaaccctgagaactgtctgtggattactttgacatatgcagagaatatgaccgatgagaaaaggctctacagcgattttaaaaaattcataatgcggttcagatacagagggtattcgtttgaatacatagttgctatggagccacaaaatcgaggagcatggcatgctcatttgatattaatattcaatggtaaagccccattcattccgaacgatgaaatttcagccctttggggacaaggttttgtaaagactaaaggattaaaaaatattgacaatgtcggtgcatatctcactgcatatctcggagatatggattttgatgaagcggttgaaagcggtttcaatccaagcggattagagactaaaattattgaaaatacagatgagaacggaaagaaaacaaaaaag
>gene_4032|Initiator Rep protein domain protein
atgaactataatggaaaagcagtattttttaggggtgctattatgccagagaacgaaaacacaaatgctcttgctatcaagtatagcaaagaatatttagtaattcaagcaaatgaactcgtaaggagcaaacaagatgatttgaccttgcttgaagctaaattagtaaggcttgctatttcacaagtattggagaatgacacagacttccagacttattcctgtaatgttgtagatttagcgaagtttttaggaataagcaaggataatatttaccgggacattcaagatttagcggtgaatattatgaagaagtcaatcttcatcaaagagaagaagccgaacaaaagcggaaagcacaactacaaaatatttcattgggttgattatgtagaatacaaggaaggaacaattacttttaggttgagcgaaagcttaaagccttatttaattggacttgaagaactctttacaatgtattcttacgaagcattgatagaccttcctacaaactactctattcgcttgtatgaacttctggcaagttggcagaactcaaccgtaagaaatgcccctaaaacaaactatactgatattccaatagaaaagaatgagtttattttcactattggatatttgcgggaatactttaattgccttgacaaataccccaatacaggagattttattatcaatgtaattgacaaggcagtaaaggcaatccagaagaacacaataatgcgggtttcttataggaaggtcaagaagggaagaagcattgattacattgttttcaagctgaatgactggggagagccaagcccggaatggcaagaaaaaatgaagcgtattgaagccattatgaaaagaacttactcacagacggaggacgagggcttattatga
>gene_44385|MobA
atgagttttacttcttcttttcatcacgggactgatgtttgccgtggtcataatttgcgagatgaaaatcacaaagacgaagcccatattgacgaaaatggactgcacgaaacttggattgatgagccgattgaaaaggcttatgaacggctttttggtgaagctctgaaagagtacaacgaaaagcaaaaacgagccgaccgcaaaattaaatcgtatctgcagaatgtacggcagaattcaaaactgaatgattgctatgagttcattactcaagtcgggaatgaaaaaatacatccgtctgcagatgtttcaaaaaccattctgaaagaatacctggcttcgttccaggaaagaaatcctggtcttgaagtcattggtgcatacttccacgcagacgaagttggaacttgtccgcacttgcatactgactacatacccgtagcgaagggcaataaaacgggtttgaaagtccgtaacaatctcaattctgctttgaaggctttgggctatgaaacggaattcaaggacggcagaatgatttctgcagaaatgaaatttcaagaagcagagcgtgaagctctgaattcaatctgcagaaagcacggtttagacattgaaaacccaaacagaaaagattactgctcttctcaacagctccgtgaagctcgaaatgtccgtctgcagaatgaaataaaatctgcagaaatggacaagcgagaagaagagcttaaaagccgtgaagcagaagctcaacgggttctgcaacaacagagagctttagaacttgctcaagcagaatttgagaagtcaaaaaaagagtctgaagagttcgccaaaagtttagacgaacctgtgaagccacttcccgagcttgaaaatatttcaaacattggttctgcagaacggcttgaagagaattttccgaccgaaaaaacgggtacttttagccgtgaaaatccgtatgaatatgcgaatagaatgacaaataatgtctttgggtggttcaaaaacaagttctatgagcctttaaaagacaagtgcaacaagcttttacaagccgtaaaggacttaaaacgggataatgagcttaaaaaagcccgtatagacactctggagcgtgaaaatagggctttaaatcagtcggtcgataaaattgtcgatgaccgcttaaaaagtcgctctacggctcttgtagagcgtgcaaaagcagaagcagaagctcctttgaaagagcgtctgcaaggctttgaaaactttatggacgggcagaaaacaacattcaacatcaacgggcaaaaatacacttgtctgtctggtgtaaacacaatcaagaatgtttttgaagaagttgaagctcttgaaagtatcactccaacgggcttgaagaacttggcgaaaatctgcgaagctcggggctttgaaactgttggagatgccgaagcgtacagaaaaaagcaaggcttgaattctgtctttgacatctcggaaagaccacgaagtcagggcttttcaatgggtcgttag
>gene_80|MobA
atgagttttacttcttcttttcatcacgggactgatgtttgccgtggtcataatttgcgagatgaaaatcacaaagacgaagcccatattgacgaaaatggactgcacgaaacttggattgatgagccgattgaaaaggcttatgaacggctttttggtgaagctctgaaagagtacaacgaaaagcaaaaacgagccgaccgcaaaattaaatcgtatctgcagaatgtacggcagaattcaaaactgaatgattgctatgagttcattactcaagtcgggaatgaaaaaatacatccgtctgcagatgtttcaaaaaccattctgaaagaatacctggcttcgttccaggaaagaaatcctggtcttgaagtcattggtgcatacttccacgcagacgaagttggaacttgtccgcacttgcatactgactacatacccgtagcgaagggcaataaaacgggtttgaaagtccgtaacaatctcaattctgctttgaaggctttgggctatgaaacggaattcaaggacggcagaatgatttctgcagaaatgaaatttcaagaagcagagcgtgaagctctgaattcaatctgcagaaagcacggtttagacattgaaaacccaaacagaaaagattactgctcttctcaacagctccgtgaagctcgaaatgtccgtctgcagaatgaaataaaatctgcagaaatggacaagcgagaagaagagcttaaaagccgtgaagcagaagctcaacgggttctgcaacaacagagagctttagaacttgctcaagcagaatttgagaagtcaaaaaaagagtctgaagagttcgccaaaagtttagacgaacctgtgaagccacttcccgagcttgaaaatatttcaaacattggttctgcagaacggcttgaagagaattttccgaccgaaaaaacgggtacttttagccgtgaaaatccgtatgaatatgcgaatagaatgacaaataatgtctttgggtggttcaaaaacaagttctatgagcctttaaaagacaagtgcaacaagcttttacaagccgtaaaggacttaaaacgggataatgagcttaaaaaagcccgtatagacactctggagcgtgaaaatagggctttaaatcagtcggtcgataaaattgtcgatgaccgcttaaaaagtcgctctacggctcttgtagagcgtgcaaaagcagaagcagaagctcctttgaaagagcgtctgcaaggctttgaaaactttatggacgggcagaaaacaacattcaacatcaacgggcaaaaatacacttgtctgtctggtgtaaacacaatcaagaatgtttttgaagaagttgaagctcttgaaagtatcactccaacgggcttgaagaacttggcgaaaatctgcgaagctcggggctttgaaactgttggagatgccgaagcgtacagaaaaaagcaaggcttgaattctgtctttgacatctcggaaagaccacgaagtcagggcttttcaatgggtcgttag
>gene_14376|Rep protein
atggaatttttaaaaaatcaagaaagtgcagatagaattgagaagtttaccagtaaaaaattgggtagtttaagaattaataaaattcttgcagattactatcgaattaaagaattcaatccaaagaaagctgataaaatattgaattgttctagttacttgttgtttagaaattacttagacccagataatactcgtaagctagttgctgcgaatttttgtatgcatcctttgtgcttaatgtgcgcatggaggttgcatttgaaacgcgtttttgagcttcaacaaggcatagagttactaaaacaacaagaacctgatgtgaaattttattttttaaatctaacagtcaaaaattggtcaacaatagacaaagctaaattacgagatttacaagctaaggcggttaagtttatccgtaaatctcttggcgtaaaagattattactgtagtctagaaattacgatttcaaaagcaaatagagaattaccctatcacccacatatccattcaattttgggtactatagaggatttgggaacgacattgcaagatattaataaacttcgtcagatttggtgtaaagtctatggagaaacggaacatgattttttggagatgacactttatcccattagagaaaattctatcaacgaagtgacaaagtacatactaaaaccagagcaaaaaatatctgaaaaagaggtcatagatattgcaatagcgattacgggcctaaaaaagacgttttcagcggggaaactgcgtaggggtatacaggatgctaaggaaggtattgaaaccaaaaatgggctatttctgacgaaaatagaagcatatggattttttgatgaattttatagatgggttgataataattatttaattaaaacactcgactag
>gene_52552|Rep protein
aaaattgaaaaatttactagcaaaaaattagggagtttaaaaattaataaaatactcgctgattactatcgaactaaagaatttaagccaagaaaagctgataatatattaaattgctccagttatttgctgtttagaaattacttggactcaaatcgtactcgtaagctggttgctgctaatttttgtaagcatcccttatgcttaatgtgcgcttggagattgcatttgaaacgagtctttgaacttcagcaaggtatagaattgctaaaacaacaagagcctgacatgaaattttattttttaaatctaacagtcaagaactggtcaaagatagacaaagctaaattgcgagacttacaagccaaagcagttaaattcattcgtaaatctctcggcgtaaaagattattactgcagcctagaaattacgatttcgaaagcgaatagggaattaccctaccatccacatatccattcgattttgggtactacagaggctttagggacgacattgcaagatattaataaacttcgtcagatttggcgtaaggtttatggagatactgaacgtgattttttggagatgacactttatcccatcagagaaaattctatcaacgaagtgacaaagtacatactaaaaccagagcaaaaaatatctgaaaaagaggttattgatattgcaatagcgattacgggcctaaaaaagacgttttcagcagggaaactacgcaggggtatacaggatgcttctgagggtataaaaacgcaaaatgggctatttctgacgaaaatagagttatatggattttttgatgaattttatagatgggttgataataaatatttaattaaaactttggatgaataa
>gene_51813|Rep protein
atggaatttttaaaaaatcaagaaagtgcagatagaattgagaagtttaccagtaaaaaattgggtagtttaagaattaataaaattcttgcagattactatcgaattaaagaattcaatccaaagaaagctgataaaatattgaattgttctagttacttgttgtttagaaattacttagacccagataatactcgtaagctagttgctgcgaatttttgtatgcatcctttgtgcttaatgtgcgcatggaggttgcatttgaaacgcgtttttgagcttcaacaaggcatagagttactaaaacaacaagaacctgatgtgaaattttattttttaaatctaacagtcaaaaattggtcaacaatagacaaagctaaattacgagatttacaagctaaggcggttaagtttatccgtaaatctcttggcgtaaaagattattactgtagtctagaaattacgatttcaaaagcaaatagagaattaccctatcacccacatatccattcaattttgggtactatagaggatttgggaacgacattgcaagatattaataaacttcgtcagatttggtgtaaagtctatggagaaacggaacatgattttttggagatgacactttatcccattagagaaaattctatcaacgaagtgacaaagtacatactaaaaccagagcaaaaaatatctgaaaaagaggtcatagatattgcaatagcgattacgggcctaaaaaagacgttttcagcggggaaactgcgtaggggtatacaggatgctaaggaaggtattgaaaccaaaaatgggctatttctgacgaaaatagaagcatatggattttttgatgaattttatagatgggttgataataattatttaattaaaacactcgactag
>gene_18334|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcacaaatagaaaaatataatatgcgccaagcaattgcgataatcgcacattgcgagcgtactggagaaaagcatagtaacaagaatatagatccggaacgaacaaaggacaattattcgctttggcctgaagaagaaccggatcagttggttttggatactgaagtgccaggacagagcaacgcacggtacgcttacaaacgtatgaaaaaaaggttgtctgaagtaagttgccttgatcgtaaagatgttaatgtgctttgtgactggtgcattcacctgggcgttgacgttcctccaggatatgataatcaaaaagcctttttcaaggcttgtgttaaatacatatgcaacacttacggaaaagaaaatgtagcgtatgcctgggtgcatatggacgaagaaaacccgcatattcatattggttttgttccggtggttaagaaggaacgtaagcttcggaagaatgcatcagagcgattgaagaaagaatacgaagcagcaaaggctgctggcaatttaatgatagagcgagtggatgcagattcgataataaccagaaagcatttacaagattggcacggtaactttaccagccatatgaaagacgagcttggttatgatcctgcagtttacacaggtgttaccaaagagcttggtggtaatgtgtcggttaatcagcttaaacataaacctaaagactggcgtgtgaaacgtaatattcgagctgctgcctttcatgaggtgcgtagggcggcctcagaggggcgccaggctgatttagaagcgttagaggatatagcagccataggacgccctcaagcgcctgaggagcccaaaatggagcataaatcactatttgataaaataagagaagctggaggcaggggtaatgaataa
>gene_20332|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atgcaattaataacaacgtcacataaagaattagcaagcgtaaaccttgaagcgttagcggtgcgttatatggagtacttagacgtatcagataaaacattcaagacgtattctaaggcgctaaaacgctttatcgcatatctagccgacaaagatataaaagcacccgttagagccgatatcgtggcgtttcgtgatgaattaaagcaaggactagcacccgccacggttcaactctacatggtgagcgtgcgccttttcttttcgtggttagagcaagaggggttatatagcaatatcgcccaacatgtaaagggtgcaaaggtaagcaaggaacataaaaaagactacttgaccgcccagcaggttaaaagcattttaacgagcctaccccgtgaaactaagaacaataaacgagattatgcaatctttttattaatggtcgcttgcggcttgcgcaccgtggaagttatccgccttgatgtgagcgacctcacaacgaggggcgggcaatcggttctaatggtacaaggaaaaggcaaggacgaaaaaacgcccgtaaattgccccgcaatggtggagcaagcaattagggagtatttgagcgttagcaaccatgacggcgcattatttgcaagccaaaagggcggacgcttaacgacccgctcaatccgtagaacaatcaaagcaatcttgaccgctaacggctttacaagcgaccgcctaacggctcactctttacgccataccgccgtaacgcttgctcttttagcgggtgaagaacttgcagaggtgcaagcgtttgcacgtcacgcaagcataagtacgaccatgatttataatcacgcaatcgagcaagagaagaacagttgcgcgcaatcaatcctaaaggctatcgcataa
>gene_48652|initiator RepB protein
attgttaaaaaagataatttactaattcaaaaagcatattttgattttaatgaaaatgaattaaaagtaattaattatgcaataagtaaattgcaacataataaaaaaatctatacggaacttgatgaattagaaatcaatattaatgagatatgtaaactatctggaattaaaacacatggagcaaactatgaaaatataagaaaagtatttaatacaatagaccaacaagtagtaacattaaaaaaagataatggttgggattttaattttagattttttatgaaaatagcaggaaatgaaaaagggggaataatacgagttagattttttcaagagtttttagactatatttataatttaaaagatagatacacaacatttcaattaattaatacattgaaattgagaagaaaatattcaattcgtttttatgaattatttaaaagttgggaaaataatcataaatttgatatatctcttaaagacttaaaagaaaagttttgtattaagtataaaacttatggagaaataaaaagaaaagtaattactccaagtattgaagaaataaacgaaaaaactgatttattcattgaatataaagaaaacaaagaaggagatagaaacacaaaagtttactcgctaacaattaaaataaaaaataaaaatgaaatgcaacaagaacaggaagaacaaaaaacgaatataataaacactacttttaaagttaagaattctaaatcaaaatcatcaaaaaaatatcaaagaactgaagaacaaattaaaaatcaagataaaggtagatttgatatgggagtagcaaattgggacaatgcaggaacttgggacggagatttcaaacatatagaagaagaaattgaaaaaggaaaaagcactcaataa
>gene_9162|Rep protein
gtgaaacgcttggagtataaggaaatagaacaattttctattaaaaaaaataaaattgttaaattaactaaaatgaataatatttttcatattcaatatacttctaaaaaaaacttaaattgtcctataactaattttgataatgatttttatattcttaataaaactggtgaattattagaaaaaaatcatattgaaaatagatccgaattattaagcgaggttaggcaatctatacaaagattaagggattatattaattacaatgttgtagatgttaaaaatataaaatggattactttaacttataaagaaaatatgcaagatactaaaaaattatataatgattttcataattttaatagacgtttaaagagtttatataagtatgaatatattgttgcttgtgaaccacaagagcgaggtgcttggcatatgcacgttataatgatttttgatgttgttgctccatatatttctaataaaattatatctaatgcttggaaacaaggttttacaaagacacaagcatttaaaaatggaaatattgataatttaggagcatatttaagtgcatatttaactgatattgaattaaaacccaatgaatgctctgatacacttgtagaagatattaaaaatgtagaaatagagggtaaaactaaaagatttaaaaaaggtgctagattatatctatatcctccaaaattcaatttatatcgtatttcccgaggtattaaaaaacctatatcaattgaattaagttataaagaagcaaaaaaaatgataggcaactttaaacctacctatcaaaagactttggaattgtgtgattccaagtccaattttaattctatcgtgtcacacgaatattataacataaaaagaagtgatactaga
>gene_20871|Plasmid replication protein
atgccaagagcaagaatatttgaagtggttcagtatgaaaagaaccctcaaacacaggaagatttaaacttcaatgaaaacaatatcattgaggccattaatcacaagtcaattaaaaaatgggcttatatttgccatgataaagacccatacacagaagaagaagaaatcaagtcaggtggagtttatcaacaaggacagccaaggcctaaacattggcattgcatttgtcaatgtgaaagtgctattgacctcaatgttgttgccaagtggtttggtgttccaatcaatcaaattgaaatcaaaaaaggaagaaatgctttttatgattgcttgaagtatctaacacatgaagacccagaccaacaggcaaagggtaaatatttatatgaagatgatgaggtcaaatgttctttcccaaattggagagataaactcactaattttgaagaattaaaattgaaatatggtaggtctgacctttcaccaaaagacaaaatgagacttgaagtattgcttgagggcaagactttaagacaatgccaagaagaagaccctttgacttattcaagtgatttgacaatgttaaaaaaattaaggcttgaatatttgggaactaaggccacacttccaccaattagacttaatttttacattgagggcaaaggtggagttggtaaagatacattgagtgatattttggcaatgtctcttttccctaatcaattccaagatgacaccatttttagagttggtgcttcaggatctctttttgagggttatgatggacagcctgtaataatttggcctgataaaagagcctatgaccttttgaaagaattagggggcaaaggcaatgtttttaatgtctttgatacacacccaaaaaagcaaagacaaaatgtcaaattttcttcagccactctttgcaattctgtaaatattgtcaatgggcctcaaccatatcaagaatttttggatggtcttgctggtgaatatgtcacctcaaaaggtgagcaaataaaacaggaagacaaaggacaaagtcaaagaagatttcctttgataatttgtttgagagaaaatgactttgaccttttaatcaataaggggttcagtgaaaatacctttgaatttaatcaatacattgcttacaaaggcattgttggtaattttggcaaagtaagacaaatgcttgatgaaaagacgggtgccccattgatagaagaaatgacaagaccaattattgagaattacaaaaaacttgaagatagccaagaaataaaggttattaacaatgttgaagacttgcctgaagaattcaaagagtatggcaaacaagataaaagactttacaaatggcatgttgaatttgaggtctttaatgagtacacaggcaataatgttattattgaaaagtcaattgaagccactaaacaggacatagattttgaaatacaaaagatattaaaaactgataagagcaagctagtaaagaaagaaataataagagaggttgaatag
>gene_3055|Rep protein
atgagtttaatttattataacacccccgcagacaaaagtcaagagagtaaaattatccaaaagacggcaattaaaaaacgagacaacgaaaagattatacaatggcttatggatataggcgagacggagcgggcgcaaaatatgttaaattgtgcaacctggttaggcattacaaccatagacggcattaccaaggttgtgaaatccaatttctgcagagagagattatgtaatgtatgcagttggcgcaggcagagtaaattcatagcgcaaatgttacccatacttaacatactcaaagaaaaaggctacacattcttatttgcaacattgacaataaaaaactgcacagatgaagaactttcggcaaatatcgacacactgttgaaaggctttcaattattatcaaaacgacgcgaggttgcgcgcgcttggaaaggtatatgcagaagtcttgaaataacctacaacgaatttaacaacacttttcaccctcacatacacatgcttattgctattgatagcacctataaagacaactttattactcaggataaactgtctacaatatggcaagagtgtataaaaacagactatatacccattgttgacatacgcaaagtaaaagacgaagatagccaaataggagcggttgagacactaaaatatgcattaaaacccactactgcatatcaagcgttaaatgcttttttctatagcctaaaagggcgcaggcttataagttttagcgggatattccaaaagcaaagaaaaatattaaaatacacaaccctcgaagaccccacagacgatatcggccaaaagtcgacaataaaatacaatttatataaatttgatgtaacaggcggaatttataacttttacgaaacttatgaattttaa
>gene_31199|Rep
atgataacaaaaaatttagagtttgtcaatgaaaaaattgacaattttactttacacaaaagttatgcgctagattttcagcaaaaattagctaaattatatgagggcgatattcaatatacggacaagccaagcaaaaaggccgaaaacgttttgaattgtgggacgttcctagcatttataaaatacaacgacccaaacaatacaagccgactatatggcgctaatttctgcaaacataaactttgcccaatgtgtgcgtggcgagctcatttaaaaaatagtgttaaatttgaaaaagcttttcgctcaatgccgaagcatgagtattatcatttagtattaacaatacaaaatgtgccacacataacaaaagagtttataattaacttgcgacaaaaagcaacccaatttataaaaaagtcaatgaaagtaaaagactttttcttatcttttgaattaacaatcggcaaagacggaaactaccacccacactatcacataatatactacaaggacggcacaacatatacaaaaaaatggatgcagaccgagtgggcgaaagtatgcaactatggcaaacaatatcaaatagtaaacaatcgaaaatgcaacaaaaatacaatatcgagagaattaacaaaatacatattaaaatttgaagatataaacccaaacgagcaacagctccgagttattgacgttgccctaaaaggcatacgcaaatactcggccaatggctcgtttaaaatagctcaatacaatgcagagtgtgaaatcgacaaggaagaatttgacaagctattcgagttagaccattacagcgctgaaatatcgttctataaatggtttattgataattatcaaataactgaaaaatcaaccattgaggcgaaacaatga
>gene_26034|Rep
atgataacaaaaaatttagagtttgtcaatgaaaaaattgacaattttactttacacaaaagttatgcgctagattttcagcaaaaattagctaaattatatgagggcgatattcaatatacggacaagccaagcaaaaaggccgaaaacgttttgaattgtgggacgttcctagcatttataaaatacaacgatccaaacaatacaagccgactatatggcgctaatttctgcaaacataaactttgcccaatgtgtgcgtggcgagctcatttaaaaaatagtgttaaatttgaaaaagcttttcgctcaatgccggagcatgagtattatcatttagtattaacaatacaaaatgtgccacacataacaaaagagtttataattaacttgcgacaaaaagcaacccaatttataaaaaagtcaatgaaagtaaaagactttttcttatcttttgaattaacaatcggcaaagacggaaactaccacccacactatcacataatatactacaaggacggcacaacatatacaaaaaaatggatgcagaccgagtgggcgaaagtatgcaactatggcaaacaatatcaaatagtaaacaatcgaaaatgcaacaaaaatacaatatcaagagaattaacaaaatacatattaaaatttgaagatataaacccaaacgagcaacagctccgagttattgacgttgccctaaaaggcatacgcaaatactcggccaatggctcgtttaaaatagctcaatacaatgcagagtgtgaaatcgacaaggaagaatttgacaagctattcgagttagaccattacagcgctgaaatatcgttctataaatggtttattgataattatcaaataactgaaaaatcaaccattgaggcgaaacaatga
>gene_45188|Replication protein
atgattgataataaagataaatcagttaaaaagaatcaaataatattaaaagtggcaaaggaatgggcacatatgcgttggggaaatcttcaaacagaacaaaacattgatttgttagttgcattactaaaaaagttccagatggatggattatctgaatatactttgcagtttgatgaagtagtaggtcagctaaaattgatgcaagatggaagtattagagttgatactgctcagctcgataagaatcttacaaaagctatgaataatatagccaccgttacagctgtttttgaagatgaagacaacattgatataaagactatattcagccgttttaagtttgataagaaaaatagatcactttttatcaaatggaatacggataatatagacctggtaaaagaattaagttcaaatgctctatatttgcatagagatttctataagttaaatagtaaatatgcaaagatattttatatagctttaagtgaatggaacaatataaaaacaaaatcattcaaggaaaaaggtatctgttcccattacattagtaaagaagaattattgcatctgatgggattggaaaataaaaaaagttatacaagttcaaaagatggtactcgtaatattatgcagagagtaatcaagcctagcattgctgaacttagtgaaagctttataaatttaacagcaatacctagatataaatcaactggaagggttagaagtctcattggatatgaatttctatggtatcctcatcagtatgttattgatgaaaagcagaaaaattcaatagaaatgaaaaaagaaggcaaggaaccaataaaaaacaaaaacagctttcataattttcctcaaagagaatatgattgggatgaattagaaagaaactggtga
>gene_57304|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggctcaagtcgaaaaatataatttatatcaagccaaagctatcattgctcatgtggagcgcaccggagcgacacacagcaatgacaaaatcaatccggatctaaccaacctcaattacaacttatggcctccggaggatcctgacaagctaattctggacaccaatatccccggtcagagcagcggccattatgcatggcagcgtttaaataaaagattatccgaagttagccgactgtatcgggatgacgtcaacgttctctgtgactggtgtatccatttaggccccgacgttcctccgtcttatgaaagctatgaagcattcttcaaagcctgtgtacgacacatctgcagactatacggagaagaaaacgtaatatttgcggctgtccacatggatgaagaaacaccccatatacacatcggctttgtcccggtagtgaagaaggagctcaagctccgaaataatgcatcacaaaaaaccaaggaagaatatgcagcagctgttgctgccggcaatactgtgattgaaagagttgacgcccatgcagtgatcaataggcgtcatctgcagagctggcacggaaatttccagaaatatatgacaactgaattaggctacgatcctgcagtatacaccggagtgaccgaagctctgggcggcaacatgaaagtcaatcagctgaagaagcaaccaagagattggacacgtaaacgcaataaagctgcagatgcctttcacaaagtaagacgagcagagaaggctggggttcatccttctcttgaagcaagacaagaatatatcgaagccagaaaaaatccaccccaagcaaatcaatacaaaagtgttgacgatatgattaagggagccaaaggcagaggcggccgcagcagttggtag
>gene_28870|Putative replication protein
atgtcggcaccttttattaatagtcattatagcataagtggagcagaaaatcaagacaaaaggcaaaaaattataaatgctatagcagagagacagaaaattaaatatctgttatatgacaacataaaagaacatttaacagataaccagagagaatactataaaaattgtgcaaactttttgaaattgaacgaaaaaggaaacattactgcagggagattatgcagaaacagatattgtccgatatgcaatctgttaaaaagtagagggaaatatgcaaaaataataaatgctattgaacaatttccgaaatgtgaatttatattcatcacattaacagtaaaaaatgttgagggagaaaatctgaaacaagagcttgaacatatatcaaaatcgtttcacaaatttcaaaacaggagtccaatgaataaagtatcactgggttattttagaacaacagaaataacatacaattcaatagaaaaaacattccacccacatatacatatgttagttgcagtaaaaccaaactattttaaaagcaaagactataaaacaacatatgaatggagaatatcttgggaaaaatcagctcaattagattatacatctcaagtaaatattaaaaaagtagaggggggggaaaacatttttaaagcagttgcagaggtttcaaaatattgcacaaagttatccacaataatttttaaaagtgaggaaaactcggcaattgagcatttgataaaagcaacgaaaaacaggcgattaatagcaactggaggaatattcaaaaaacttaataaaattgatgatgaaatagaaatggatactgattcagaaaattcaaaatattatgtatataagaatggtgaatatatacaatttgatgattttatgtag
>gene_54176|Putative replication protein
catcagatgaacagagatattattcccaaggccactttcgtagtaaacagcggcacaggcctccacctgtattatgtgctgaccgagccggtgcctatgtatccgcaaaatcagaaaatcctgaaggaactgaaatattcacttacccggcaaatatggaacaggtttacttcctccattgagaagcctcagatgcagggtattttgcagggattccgggtcgtaggttctggtacaaagctggggcgggattatccggtggtagcgttccgatacggtggtgcggtggatctggagaagctgctggaatatattccggacagcaatggagaacggcagcacctgcaggtgcttatgaaaaagagtcgtctttcgctggctgaggcgaaggagaagtacccggactggtatgagcggcggattgtgaagaaagaacgccgggggcgttggacggtgaagcgtgacctctatgattggtggctgcaccggatctacgacgagattaaggttgggcatcggttttatggcattatgacgttggcaatctatgcgaagaagtgcggcatagatgaagcggagctgcgccgggacgcttttgcactgcttaaaccatacgacgatatgagcgaagaggacatcaaccattttacgaaggatgatattgtgtgtgctctggagatgttcaacgaggactatgtgacatttccgagggacgatattgccaagctttccggcttgactatgccggtcaataagagaaactggcgtaagcaggcagagcatttggggcgagcaagagccgtgcaaggatttgacgatccagacggaaaatggagaaataaggacggtcggccaaaggctcaaaagaaggtctatgaatggcggcagcagcacccagacgggcggaaggtagactgccatagggatactggacttgatcctaagacaatccgaaaatggtgggatagcgagttgcctactgtttggcaagaggacggtcatattatagccagggtgcgaccgtctcaggcgttgagcgattatctgattgaagcattacaaccggacaagaaacaagcaaatatattgacgatgtaa
>gene_53889|Replication protein
atggatcaggtggccgctttggagcggcagcgggcattgtatcgggagaagaatgcccatctccagcagttcttggagccggtagagccgtatgagttttaccgggagatattcccggaaggatcgtttgagcgaaaagggcattatgaagatgccaaaggaaatgctattgcgttgaccgttccgaagaagcaggacagccgggagaatggtgtggcactggaaatcgagggggacgggaaagcccggaggcatttgattacggacgagctggaggagctgggcgagatccaggacacagattttacgattatgtcccctatctcatattttggccgacagcgtagaggtaagaatgcacggtatctttacgctcttgtgttcgatctggatggtgtggggatgccgcagcttcgagatacgctgcatcagatgaacagagatattattccaaaagctacttttgtggtaaacagcggaacgggcctgcatctgtattatgtgctgactgagccggtgcctatgtatccgcaaaatcagaaaatcctgaaggaactgaaatactcgcttacccggcagatatggaacaggtttacttcctccattgagaagccgcagatgcagggcattttacagggattccgagtagttggttccggcacaaagctgggacgggactatccagttgtggcgttccgatacggtggtgcggtggagctggagaagctgctggactatattccggccagcaacggagaacggcagcacttgcaggcacttatgaaaaagagccgtctttcgctggccgaggcgaaggagaagtacccggactggtatgagcggcggatcgtgaagaaagaacgccgggggcgttggacggtgaagcgtgacctctatgattggtggctgcgccggatctacgatgagatcaaggtggggcatcggttttatggcattatgacgctggcgatctatgcgaagaagtgcggcatagatgaagcggagctgcgccgagacgctttcgccctgcttagaccatacgacgatatgagcgaagaggacatcaatcgttttacaaaggatgatattgtatgcgctctggagatgttcaacgaggactatgtgacatttccgagggacgatattgccaagctctccggcttgactatgccggtcaataagagaaattggcgtaagcaggcagagcatttaggacgagcaagagccgtgcaaggatttgatgatccagacgggaaatggagaaataaggacgggcggccaaaggctcaaaagaaggtctatgaatggcggcagcaacacccggacgggcgaaaggcggattgccatagagatactggtcttgatcctaagacgattcgtaaatggtgggatagtgagctacctgaggtgtggcaggaggatggtcatatggtggtcagagtgcgaccgtcgcaggcgttgagtgatctgttggtggaggctttgaaaagagacggagattaa
>gene_31528|Replication protein
atggatcaggtggccgctctggagcggcaacgggcattgtatcgggagaagaatgctcaccttcagcagttcttggagtcggtagatccgtatgagttttaccgggagatattcccggaaggatcgtttgagcgaaaaggacattatgaagatgccaagggaaatgctattgcgctgaccgttccgaagaagcaggatagccgggagaatggtgtggcactggagatcgagggggacgggaaagcacggaggcatttgatcacggacgagctggaggagttgggcgagatccaagacacggattttacaatcatgtcccctatttcatattttggccggcaacgtagcgggaagaatgcccggtatctttacgccctcgtgttcgatctggatggtgtcggtatgccgcagcttcgagatacattacatcagatgaacagagatattattcccaaggccactttcgtagtaaacagcggcacaggcctccacctgtattatgtgctgaccgagccggtgcctatgtatccgcaaaatcagaaaatcctgaaggaactgaaatattcacttacccggcaaatatggaacaggtttacttcctccattgagaagcctcagatgcagggtattttgcagggattccgggtcgtaggttctggtacaaagctggggcgggattatccggtggtagcgttccgatacggtggtgcggtggatctggagaagctgctggaatatattccggacagcaatggagaacggcagcacctgcaggtgcttatgaaaaagagtcgtctttcgctggctgaggcgaaggagaagtacccggactggtatgagcggcggattgtgaagaaagaacgccgggggcgttggacggtgaagcgtgacctctatgattggtggctgcaccggatctacgacgagattaaggttgggcatcggttttatggcattatgacgttggcaatctatgcgaagaagtgcggcatagatgaagcggagctgcgccgggacgcttttgcactgcttaaaccatacgacgatatgagcgaagaggacatcaaccattttacgaaggatgatattgtgtgtgctctggagatgttcaacgaggactatgtgacatttccgagggacgatattgccaagctttccggcttgactatgccggtcaataagagaaactggcgtaagcaggcagagcatttggggcgagcaagagccgtgcaaggatttgacgatccagacggaaaatggagaaataaggacggtcggccaaaggctcaaaagaaggtctatgaatggcggcagcagcacccagacgggcggaaggtagactgccatagggatactggacttgatcctaagacaatccgaaaatggtgggatagcgagttgcctactgtttggcaagaggacggtcatattatagccagggtgcgaccgtctcaggcgttgagcgattatctgattgaagcattacaaccggacaagaaacaagcaaatatattgacgatgtaa
>gene_55462|recombinase
atggcgaacgtgcagagctacccaaaaggagacgcaaggaaagtgcttcacgaacatgacagaacggcaggacattacaagaactatgtcgataaaagcaggataggtttaaactggacatatgacgcaggaagcgtagatgacaaaatgcttgaggtagaagctcgatgtgctgacatcatgcaagggaagccattacaggagcatacaaacgtattgtcgaactgggaagtcacatatcctttcacgcattgtacagagacgcaaggcggtaacggacgaatgtataacaaaccaaacgatatgtcacactgcaaaaagttttttgacgaagcttacaaatttgcgcaggagcgttatggaaaagagaatgtcatggttggatatgttcacatggacgagacaacaccacatatcgacattatggtagtaccagaagcgataagcaggaaaacaggcaagcaaacagtatcatctgcaagcctgttcacaaaagcagagttaagaaactttcacaaggacttagaaagtcacatggctaatgtgtttggagagcctggcatgatattgaatggcaggacgaaaggaaattatacatcggacgaattaaagcaacgtacagccgatgatgagacatacaagcgcaaagtgagacatttgaacgcaagagagaaaagcctgaatactcgtgaaagcgatttaaaggcgcaggaagacgttttaaagcgaaaagcgcaggatttagcgtctgaacgtcaaaaattcgaatgtgaggcttctgcgaggttaaaagagcatgatagacgagagcaggaactggcagagcgtgaacgagaagcaaatgagcgttatgacgaaatgcaggagaagtatgacgaaatggcgaagtggtacggc
>gene_56544|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
ttatactacgtttttgaaaagggaattcctctttttaagaatgtggtaaatggattgcaaaaatataaacgttatttgacagaaatgctgtggaaccgaaacgtgacaaccttgattggcgaaaaaatccaatatgagagcctttttcaagccttccgaatgccgggaacaataaccaagtcaggcgaccgtgtgcaggcttttagggtcggcgataaagtcaatattgagtatatgaattcttttgttcctgatgaatttaaaattacacagctatataaatcagagctgacgttatctcaggcaaaagaaaagtatccggaatggtttgacaaccgcattgttcagaagcaaccgaaaggtcattggatatgtaaaagggatttatacgaatggtggaaacgaaaaattgaaaatggtgcaatggtcggtcatcgatattattgtttaatgatgctttgtatttatgcaattaaatgtgatatcccgcgtgacgaacttgaacaagattgttttcatttccttgaggtgtttgaagaaaggacaaattccgaggataatcattttactgaaaaggacgtcatggacgccctgcaggcgttcgaagataaaaatctgataacatacccggtgaactcaatttcaaatcgctccggaattgctatcgaaaagaataaaagaaatggcagaaagcaagatgtgcatttaaaaggcgcacgtgccattcaacaaattaatgatgaagcgaacggcacgaattggcgccaaggtaacggaaggaagtcgaaaaaaacacttgtcgaagagtggcagcgtaataatccaaacagaaaaaaagccgactgcattcgagagaccggcttatcaaaaccgaccgttttgaagtggtggatagaataa
>gene_34392|protein rep
ccgtggcctgagaaagcacagaaaactagagtgttggcagagatttatgatagcattgatttttctaaggctcaaaggttaagagattgtgcttcttacttgaattttcaagtttcttctagtggttttaagaagcttgtgagtgcaaatttttgtcgagttaggttgtgtccaatgtgtgtgtggaggcggacgcttaaagtttttgctcagacttccgcaatcatggaagagattaataaaactcaagagtttgagtatatttttttaaatctcactatggaaaattgcaagcctgattttgaaagtttgactgaagctattgattctatgatgagggcttggcatagacttgtagggtataagtcatttaagtctgctgtgaaaggtttttatcgtggttttgaaataactcataatctcaacaaaaaatctaagttttacaatacttttcatccgcattttcactgtgttttagctgttgaaaaggactattttcaatctgagaattatatttctcagtctgattggacggatttatgggttaaggctcttggtattaattataaacccattgtttttgtaaaaaaagttcgaggaaatacagccttagctgttgctgagattgccaagtacacggttaaagatgcggattatattatttatggggattttagtcttactctagatacagtggctttgcttgatagggttttggacaagcgaagatttgtttcctttggtgggatttttaaagatgtacataagcgattaaatctagatgacccggaagatggagaccttgttatgagccgttatatgcctgatttgcctgattataggcttataacgtatgtgtggcactcagggtatcgacaatatgtaaaaattgaaaattga
>gene_57930|Mobilizable transposon, excision protein (Fragment)
atgaacatagcccaaatcaagcagtccatcacaattccggaatggctccaaagcctcggaattgagccggtgaaagcctcggccaatggcctaacctaccattgcccatggcgagaagaccgccatccatcgatgagcgtcacggctgatgggcgcgtttggtacgaccattcatccggggaacacggcagcatcatcgaccttgcgatgaagatgatgaagacttccgaccttgcccaagtctgtaccgccttcgataccttttcccctaataggtcaattccatatcttgaccaacgaaaggaaaaagaaaccgcttcgggtgatggtgaggccttttccagcttcaatgtcgtgcccttgcggagtagggggcttctttcctatctttccggcaggggtattcaggaggacttggccaaggcctattgtcaggaagcgcactactctttcggtgggcacgagaatttctattatgccgtggcctaccccaacgacaaaggcggctacgagctcagaaatgcccattttaagggcgggacatcgcccaagggcataaccacccatttggaggtttacggcgcgcctgtggtcgtttttgaaggtttcatcgat
>gene_48492|Mobilizable transposon, excision protein (Fragment)
atgaacatagcccaaatcaagcagtccatcacaattccggaatggctccaaagcctcggaattgagccggtgaaagcctcggccaatggcctaacctaccattgcccatggcgagaagaccgccatccatcgatgagcgtcacggctgatgggcgcgtttggtacgaccattcatccggggaacacggcagcatcatcgaccttgcgatgaagatgatgaagacttccgaccttgcccaagtctgtaccgccttcgataccttttcccctaataggtcaattccatatcttgaccaacgaaaggaaaaagaaaccgcttcgggtgatggtgaggccttttccagcttcaatgtcgtgcccttgcggagtagggggcttctttcctatctttccggcaggggtattcaggaggacttggccaaggcctattgtcaggaagcgcactactctttcggtgggcacgagaatttctattatgccgtggcctacccc
>gene_21277|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
tacggaaaagaaaacattatatatgccgtaattcataataatgaaatgacaccgcatttacatttaggcgtatgtcctataaaggacggacgattaaatggaaaagaattatttaatagaaatgaattaaggcaattacaaacggaagtcggtttgataggtcaaaagttcggtcttgagcgtggcgttgaaggtagcaccaaaaagcacatagcgatccaaaattataaattacaaaaaaatataaagtttattgaagatataaataaagatataagagataagcatatcgagttatctaatcttgcgagcgatattgtaaatgcgaaaatgaaagagcgtgatttatatgtatatgagaatttgaaaaagaagtttccaaaatctacaaaagagtttgaagcttcttttgataattcgattaatagatataaagataaagagcaagtaaaagagagacaacgagagaaagttatcgaaaaaaatgacgatgactttatgcaagaattgtaa
>gene_54856|Replication initiation protein
gtggtttttaatttaaaatacacctcagaggtgaaaaatatgccaaaaacaagacaaatagacacacgcgaatcaatcagaacagtaacatcaaataactttataaccgctttaggtcttgaaaaaataagcctgaaggcaagaaaacttctgtatcttgctatatctcagtgcaaacagacagacaaaaaattttacgaataccgtatatctgcccttgaatttgcaaatctcatggaaatatccgcaagtcacgtctacgaagaagcagaccgtatcactgatgaattaatgcacggttttttaaaaaccaaaatagaagatggatttagaaaacacgcacttttttcaaaatgtgagtatatcaacaatgaccttatttttaaactaaaccccgacatgacagactttctgttaaacttgaaagcagatttttcaaaacctctcttagatgactttatgcgcatgaacagccgatatagcatcgctatatggcatctcatgcagagagagatgaaatcaaaaaagcccggtgtaaccggagttatagaatttgatttgtttttagatgagttacgtgaaattactggaaccacagaaaaattcgggaaaatatctcatttcaaagacaaagtttttgacaaagccatccgtgaaatcaaagataactgcgctattgatattacatatacccacttaaaaaaaggacgtacagtaatcggttttcactgtaaagccatgtcaatagtacacttagccaaaatccctgtacacttacaggacaaagtcagagcctttgaccttaaacagaccgccaaagtccgagaactgacaccagaagaaaaagcagaatatgagaaactgaccgccaacgcggaacagatagaactattttaa
>gene_26044|Replication initiation protein
gtggtttttaatttaaaatacacctcagaggtgaaaaatatgccaaaaacaagacaaatagacacacgcgaatcaatcagaacagtaacatcaaataactttataaccgctttaggtcttgaaaaaataagcctgaaggcaagaaaacttctgtatcttgctatatctcagtgcaaacagacagacaaaaaattttacgaataccgtatatctgcccttgaatttgcaaatctcatggaaatatccgcaagtcacgtctacgaagaagcagaccgtatcactgatgaattaatgcacggttttttaaaaaccaaaatagaagatggatttagaaaacacgcacttttttcaaaatgtgagtatatcaacaatgaccttatttttaaactaaaccccgacatgacagactttctgttaaacttgaaagcagatttttcaaaacctctcttagatgactttatgcgcatgaacagccgatatagcatcgctatatggcatctcatgcagagagagatgaaatcaaaaaagcccggtgtaaccggagttatagaatttgatttgtttttagatgagttacgtgaaattactggaaccacagaaaaattcgggaaaatatctcatttcaaagacaaagtttttgacaaagccatccgtgaaatcaaagataactgcgctattgatattacatatacccacttaaaaaaaggacgtacagtaatcggttttcactgtaaagccatgtcaatagtacacttagccaaaatccctgtacacttacaggacaaagtcagagcctttgaccttaaacagaccgccaaagtccgagaactgacaccagaagaaaaagcagaatatgagaaactgaccgccaacgcggaacagatagaactattttaa
>gene_22426|Plasmid recombination protein
atgcatatacaaaaattaaaagcaaacgatattaagaatgtactaggcgaggcagcacgaacgcataagagtaagcaaggcaatattgacgctgaacgcactcggctcaattataatcttgcaccatctgataatatggtcgagagtgctgatgaattacgagagcgtataaaacaaatgggtgtcaaacgtaaaattcaagcaaatgccgttttgtcaattagcacaatagttgaccttcctaaagattatcaaggcaaccaacgagcttttttttcagctatgtatgatgttctgaaggacactctatgtgacggtcaggacaaccgaattatacaagcgcaagtgcaccttgacgaaagtacaccacatatgcatttccagagcataccaatagtagaaaatgataaaggattaaaattgtcttgcagggaattaacaaataaagcttttcttcaaaaattccacgagatagcacagaataaggcaagactttatcttaacgataataccataaatttatataataaagagctatgcgaagaacgacgtacaaggcgcaaaaaaggcgatagaagccttgattataccactttagaacaatataaaagccttaaagcattaacagatgaacgagacgaaataaagggcgatatgacacaactagagcaaatgatagacaagctcgatacagtacataataagatgaaaagaatacaagacacattcaatactttacaagccgaaggctatatattagacaatggcgaacaatatatacctatgtccgatatgattgaatatatcaatgaacaagacacttctcaagatattacggatattatacaagacgctcaagctatatataatcttgacaccgaaggtgtcgaacgctag
>gene_56320|Replication protein
atggccaaacgtaagctatcacagcagcaatacgatgagcgaaattattccagggaggtatctgttgccaagagtgacaagatgatccagaactctcggtttgctctgagtgtacaagagcagaaatgcgtgctgtatgctatcagcaaaataaaaccagaggataaggttttctccgagtacacttttgacatcaaggatttctatgacctctgcggtcttgccaatgagagctatacagagctgaaggccatgctgaagggattgcgtgaccggagctggtggatggtaattgatgacaagggcaccgaaagtgccgtcagttggttttccacggtcagaacaaatcagagatccggaaaggtgaccatcaaattccacgaagacatgatgccctttcttcttaacttggttgttcgggccaaggaggataaaacctttttctttaccaagtatggcctgaagtacatactccccatgagaagccaatacagtcctcggctttatgaaatcctcaagtcctatcagaaaaataacaaagactggtatttcagcctagatgagatccggatgcacttgaattgcgagaattataaacgctgggtagatctaaagcgatttgcgttggatcctgcggtcaaggaaatcaatgaatactctgatctcaacgtgcggcttataccaatcaaggagggtaggaagtacgtctacgtaaaattccttatggcagaaaaaagcgaagaagccttggctgaaacaagtgtgaaaatttacaagacgttggatggacctctcccagggcaaacgacaatggatgagtatgcccaggaagtcgagaggcagttccgcaaagaaaaccctccaaaaagacgtacaggcccctctgaggggttttaa
>gene_55070|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaaatatgatgaagtttactcgtatgcaggcgatggcagttatcgctcatcaggagcgaagctgcgagagccatagcaacgagaacatcgattcagagatgacgaagtataactatagcctctggcctttggaggaagggatcacagccgttgtgaaacaaggctgggagcgattgaccaggcgactaagccaggtcagatgtcttaaacgaaaagacgtcaacgttctggtcgagtggacgatccatctcggcccggacgttcctcctggctatgatagcgaggaggcgttctttctctcctgcatgcgctattgcgcaaagcaatacggagcagagaacatctgctacggtatcgtccatgtggacgaagagaaccctcacttgaccgtcggctttgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctctgaagcttcggaagaatgcgagtgctgcagcacgagcagaatacgaagctgcagtggcagccggtaagaccacgatcgaagtggtcgatgctgactcggtgataacgaggaagcatctgcaaggctggcacggaggcttaaccaagcatgtgatagacgagctgggttatgacccagctgtctataccggtataaccagagagcttggcgggaacatgacggtggcgcagctgaagcggaagccaccggagtggagagaacagcgcaacaagcgagccgagcacttccacgaagtgcggcgagctgccaaggccggccgacaggcagggcttgaagctgttatctccatgtcggatccgagcagggaacgactgcagagccaggaggatcctggcactaaacagaaaggagcagcaactctggcagagctgatgggcgcagccagagagcgaggtggcagagatggatggtaa
>gene_43270|Putative replication protein PDa0002
atgggcgctggcgggaacgcgaacccagtcggagggaaacgcggcaaggtcgatggctggtccacgagtgccgtcaggcgacatacgcgctggctctattcggtcgacgtggaagggctcacgggggaaggctggtctctcactctcacgcttcgcgattgtccccccgacgatgtggtgtggctccggctccgcaaggaatggctggaccaggtgcgggcgtccggtctgctcgtgcgcgggcattgggtcgtggagtggacgcggcgaaaggttccccatctgcacctcgcgatctacctcgaggagggttccggccctcgggtggcagagcgcctgctggtcggcacgtggctccggctggcggcgaaatatggcgcgggtccgaagggtcaacacctggcaccgatcacgggtcccgtggggtggctggagtacctgagcaaacacgcctcccgtggggtgggtcactaccagcggcaggggaaaccgaacgggtgggagcgcaccggtcggctgtggggtcacttcggaaattggcccacggaagagcccgcggaagtcaccctcacgcgggatgagttctaccgctttcggcggctcgtgcggtcgtggaaagtggctcagttccggcagcagctgcgagaagctccagacctctcccggcgggtcgcggcacggcgtcacgtggtctacgcgcgtcggatgctcaagagtcatgatcgggacctctcccgggtacgtggggtctctgagtggatcccggaagacctcggaatggtgctgcttctggtcgccgctggggatgcggagggtgcgcgcgccgcaagccgtgaggcgggcgcacgcgccccccgcgcccctcgtcgccaggaactcaccatcgaacacttctag
>gene_57046|Tyrosine recombinase XerD
atgacagtagaaaaggcatttgaaaatttcatacattcaaggcagttaaagggattgtctgataagacactggaaagctatcgcctacttactgcccgatttatagactatatcggtcttgatacagaaatggaaaatataacccaggaacgcatagaacagtttgtagagtatttatacagtcgctctctttctgttgcgtctattggctcatacatacgaaatacacgcatatttctaaagtggtacgagcgcaaacatgaggttcaatataaggctgctgaaatcgctattccaagaacaccaaagaagttagttcgactatatactcccgaggaaatagctttgatattccaggcggttaatacttgctctccctggttagacgctcgcaatcgtgccatgatagcacttatgttagatagcggtatcagacaaggcgaagtttgtaacctggaagtaaagaacgtgcattttgacactggtcgaatgaaagtatgtggaaagggcaacaaggaacgttttgttccattaggacaattttccatgcgtgcattaaaaaagtacctggatatgcgcccgtatgactccaagagggtatttgtaagctatcatggggataatttatcatgtaatgcggttaagtctatgactggcgatttacaacgtcaattaccgtttgagttttcttcgcataagctaagacataattttgcaactaactatctaatcaaccagtatgaaatgtgtggtcacatggatatatatcagcttatggcaatcatggggcatgaggacactcttactactcaaagatatttgcatgaagctaaaaacattattgcgtcacgtcagtgcatctctcacttggataaagttttgaaatatgtcatataa
>gene_55224|Replication protein
atgggtaaacgcaaacttacagaacaggaaaccatgcggaggaatgctggccgggaaatgtcggtcgtgaaaagagatgacatggtgcagaagggcaggcatcagctatccctccgggagcagcggtgtgtcctttatgccatcagcagaatcaaaccgaccgacgaagtgttccaggaatacaccttttccttgtccgatttttacaccctctgtggcctgcagggcgacagctataccgagctgaaagctatcctaaagggattgagggaccgcagctggatagctgttactgacgataagggcaccgaaagctccgtcagctggttcaataaggttcggacaaacaagcgggagggccgggttacaatccggtttgacgacgacatgatgccctacctgcttcagcttaccaagcagaataccttctacacctcctacaacctccagtatgttcttcccatgagcagtcagttcagcccccggctgtatgagatactaaagagctaccagaaaaacaaccgtgagtggttcttccctacggaggaaatcaagcggctcctaaactgcgaaaactacacgaatttcaatgacttccgccgctttgccctgaatccggccatagaggaaatcaaccaatacaccgacctcaacattgccatggacgtggtcaaagaaggtcgtggtggccgtatcacccgggtgattttctatatggcagagaaatccgacgatgctctttacaccgccaagaaggctatctggagcaagctggatggccagatgaccatcgacgacattctggcgcagctcccggacgaggaagaaagtgtccggctgaagtttatgcgggacaacccgccaaaacgcaagaaagacccctctgaggggttttaa
>gene_15158|replication protein RepB
atgtcgattttagagaagcaaacacaggcgaacacggagagatcccttgaggttttcaagcgaaacgatatgatccaaaaggcaaggttttccttgagtatccaggaacagaggacggtgctctatgcgatcagcaagatccaaccaacggatacgtacctcaaggaatacacctttgagatcaaggacttttataacgtgatagggtggagcaatcagagctacaccgagttcaaggctatgctcaaggctctgtctgacaagagctggtggatcacgttgccgaccggcgaggaaagcctggtgcggtggtttaccacggcgagatccaacaagcgttccggcaaggtcacccttgaatttcacaaagatatgatgccttatttggtgcagctcgctcaaggaacggaattctacaccaagtatcagctgcagtatgtgctgccgatgagcagccaatactcgccgcggctctatgagatcctcaagagctaccaatacaacaaccgccaatggttctttgacatcgacgagctcaagcacctgcttgactgcgaaagctacacgaatttcaatgacttcaagagacgagctctcgatccggcggtcgaagaaatcaacaaatacaccgatatagcgatctgctactcggtcacaaagaacggtcgaaaggttgtcaaggtcaatttccaaatggcagggaaaacgagctccgagatcctcaagacacaacgcgagatcgcggaagagctcggacagctcactatggacgatatgctcaaggagcttgaaaaagagcgtgccggggaaagtgagttctgggcagaacgtcgcaaggcggaagcagaagaacgtgcgctccaggaacgcctgggagcatatggtaagaaagggtaa
>gene_56419|Replication protein VP4 (Fragment)
atgcctgctgttgattatggaatagatccttctacaggaagacataagattcgtatattacctaaaaggtatgatatgaatcttgaaaagttgcgtttacgttatggcgatagtctattaatgctaccttgtggtaagtgttatagttgccttaaaagcaaagctcagcagtggtctataagatgccatttagagtcgttagatcattctgataattgttttattacattgacatataacgatgaaaattgtcctcaatatttggttaaagacgatttaagagaatttataaagaaacttcgcactgttgcaggtcaaggagttaaattctttgcttgcggtgagtatggttctaatactaaaagacctcactatcacgctcttatatttggttatttgcctaacgatttgcggtttattggttcaactcctaaaggttctcaattatttgaatctgaaaggctgaataaactctggaataaaggattcgtttctgttggtatgtgtgataatgcaagcatttgttattgcgccagatacacaacaaagaaagttggtgaatctattggagtttctaaagagcataaagagtttatacttatgagtcgtcgtcctggtcttggcttaaattacttgatgcgtaatcttgataaacttgttgatgacaagctttatcttggtgaatttggcgttaaatctttttcgcgctatattcttaatattttgaaagaggttaatcctttagagtatgactctattattaataaacgtcttgaagcttgtaaagttcagcttcgtgatcggatgctttcagaaggtataacctcggatcaggttttttggaatcatttcgaggctgattttgaaaagcaaaagagaaataccagaggactatag
>gene_39298|Replication initiator protein
atggaaaaggaaaaaatgaactgtgccgaaaatgtacgcgtggtgacaagtaacagctttataacggccgaaaatctcaatagccttccagttaaggcaaggaagctgttatacctagctattgctcagtgcagaaaagacgataaaggattttctacttatcaaatatcagtgaaagacttcgcaagcttaatgggaattaaggaatcgaatgtctatgacgaggcggccgctatggtaaaaagtctcgtttcgtgttcaattggttatgtgtcgccaacaacaaaaagctttacgtacgcgccaataatggcgatttgttcatacgaaaaaggggttctgacaatcgagttaaaccctcgcatggaagaattgctactcaaccttaaacgaagtttttcccaacccttgctggctgactttatgaaaatgaggagcagtcagacaatcggaatctggcatttaatgcagcgtgagatgaaatcacagaagcctggatcaagcggagagtgttcgttctatctaagcgtagaagaactgcgggccgtaacaggaactagggagacttaccctaaaattgggatgtggcgcgtcagagtgcttgataaggcactcaaagagcttagcgaaaagttagcgatggaagttagttactcgtacgtcaaaaaatccagagccgtcatcggatttcaatttacagtaatcaatgatattttcaaggtaatgaaggagtataagccgagccaaaaggttctccgtaaggctaggaaagctgaacttatagctaagcagagccagctatctaaaaaaggcaaaaccctaagtcgagaagaggacgacgagctacaggagctcattttggaacttgatcagatgacaatttttgacgatttttaa
>gene_44093|Putative replication initiation protein
atgaaatgtacctttccatatgaaactcgcgcacctaatggtgaaaaattgcttgttccctgtggtcgttgcattgcttgtcgtattaatagaacaagagaatggacaattcggcttgtcgatgaatccttttattcccgtaacgcatattttcttacgttgacatatgacgatgagcatttaccaaggtgtgatttagttcttggcgaccctccgtacgctcacccttgtaagagagatgtgcaggattttatccggaaaatccgagataagtatggtcacgacaatttgaatcttaagtattattgtggaagtgaatacggagaacttggccgtccgcattatcatttgattgtgtacaatttgcctgatgacctcgttcatcaaccgagtgcttcctatcaaaaaggtgatattttaacattcaaggaccctgaaacaaaatctatttcttacgttaatagaaaaataaatgacttttggaaaaaaggattcgtatctattggagagttctgtagggagcgcgcatcgtactgtgctaagtacctgcttaataaacagaagatgccgtatactaatccaaatatccaaagagttaaagaattgcagaatttttctttaatgtccaagggactcggatatgaacgtatttcacacatatatgagcaatcacgatattataatttgcacgctgttcgtactgatttgggcacttatgcaaatatgcctcgatactacgcacgaaaaatctggtcggatgacgaacgtaaaacgtatctcgataacattgatgatattaacgcttcttttgttatccctgtcggtgcgcgtgtagatgatattgaatatcaaattgagagaaaatttcatttcaaaaatcaaaaatccaaattatga
>gene_53170|Replication initiation factor family protein
atgcacgatgatgacgccatagggaaagcgctcctgggggccttcctggcgcctctcggcctatccatgggttctgccaccggtcgccacctcaacggctaccgtgattccgctcctattgaagcgccttcggtcgatcctgataccaatggtcgccagaacctcggctttgtcgcctggggcggtaatctcaaccgtgacggcctcgataccctctgcgtccacctcactggtcaagcctgcgagtccatcaacctcctcgatgaccgctctgaccgccgccatggatggggggcctggtcctcgctctacctcgccattcttgagcatggtgccaagctgacgcgcctcgacgttgcctatgatgacctcaccggcctccatggtggtgttgatgccgctgttgacgcctaccatgacggcggatttaccatcacccgtccgccgtctgtctccaatgccggcgactggatcaacggccactcccgtaccctgtatgtcggtcagcgcaccaacggcaagctcatccgggtctatgagaagggtcaccagatgggccaccctgactccccctgggtccgctatgaactcgaactccactcccgcgaccgcgatataccccctgccgctatcctcgatcctgcggggattctggccggctcctgcccatacctcgcccatgtcgtgattcatgcgcagcctgtgcccgtccgcaccattgttcgccagcgtctgcgtgccaccatcgaccacctctgcggccatgcctcccaagcctatgggcgcctgctgaacgtcctcctgggcatcggcatgacgcctgctgaggtcgtggaaaggcttcgtgttgatggcgtcccctcgcgcctctacgtgcctcccagcgcctgcgggtag
>gene_44444|Putative RepE
atggcaaaaaagactgaaatagtaaagtactccaattccatgacagtcgacttaaggggctttgaggcagtcgacctcaacctcttttacttggcatgtgcaaaagtccgagacagaggagcagagccgatagaggtggactttgcagaggttcgtgagcttataggctataagagtacctctacggcaaggctttttgaggacatatcaaggctaagcttaaagctccataaggcgtgtattgggcttatggtgaaaggcgaaagagggcgacgcaaagccagcacttacggcatttttgattcttttgatgtagatgaagcagagcaaaagctcactatatcagtgaagcctgagtacacatggatgctctcggatatagcaaaagagtttaccagctttgaactgtcagagctggtctcactaggctctagctactccaaaaagctttatcgcatactaaagcagtggaagagtgtggggcatactccggagtatagtgtagaggagttaaaagagcttctaggcgctcccgaaagctatactcccaagcgactttatgacttgatactgaagccagcaatcgaggagctgaagagaaagaaaagctttttcacattatgggtagatgtcaagcacaaaaagggtaggggtaatcctgtgcgtggctatgtctttgagtttgcaaaagagagtttggacggtcaagtgacttttcacgacattgagggctttacggagatagccgagggattaagcaaggaagacaagaaaaaagctgcagctatagccacagacatagtcaaagggaagaaaaagcctaaagcaaaaaagttggcttttacagagtatgaacagagacagacagattatgactctatgatagaggactaa
>gene_348|Putative RepE
atggcaaaaaagactgaaatagtaaagtactccaattccatgacagtcgacttaaggggctttgaggcagtcgacctcaacctcttttacttggcatgtgcaaaagtccgagacagaggagcagagccgatagaggtggactttgcagaggttcgtgagcttataggctataagagtacctctacggcaaggctttttgaggacatatcaaggctaagcttaaagctccataaggcgtgtattgggcttatggtgaaaggcgaaagagggcgacgcaaagccagcacttacggcatttttgattcttttgatgtagatgaagcagagcaaaagctcactatatcagtgaagcctgagtacacatggatgctctcggatatagcaaaagagtttaccagctttgaactgtcagagctggtctcactaggctctagctactccaaaaagctttatcgcatactaaagcagtggaagagtgtggggcatactccggagtatagtgtagaggagttaaaagagcttctaggcgctcccgaaagctatactcccaagcgactttatgacttgatactgaagccagcaatcgaggagctgaagagaaagaaaagctttttcacattatgggtagatgtcaagcacaaaaagggtaggggtaatcctgtgcgtggctatgtctttgagtttgcaaaagagagtttggacggtcaagtgacttttcacgacattgagggctttacggagatagccgagggattaagcaaggaagacaagaaaaaagctgcagctatagccacagacatagtcaaagggaagaaaaagcctaaagcaaaaaagttggcttttacagagtatgaacagagacagacagattatgactctatgatagaggactaa
>gene_43292|Putative RepE
atggcaaaaaagactgaaatagtaaagtactccaattccatgacagtcgacttaaggggctttgaggcagtcgacctcaacctcttttacttggcatgtgcaaaagtccgagacagaggagcagagccgatagaggtggactttgcagaggttcgtgagcttataggctataagagtacctctacggcaaggctttttgaggacatatcaaggctaagcttaaagctccataaggcgtgtattgggcttatggtgaaaggcgaaagagggcgacgcaaagccagcacttacggcatttttgattcttttgatgtagatgaagcagagcaaaagctcactatatcagtgaagcctgagtacacatggatgctctcggatatagcaaaagagtttaccagctttgaactgtcagagctggtctcactaggctctagctactccaaaaagctttatcgcatactaaagcagtggaagagtgtggggcatactccggagtatagtgtagaggagttaaaagagcttctaggcgctcccgaaagctatactcccaagcgactttatgacttgatactgaagccagcaatcgaggagctgaagagaaagaaaagctttttcacattatgggtagatgtcaagcacaaaaagggtaggggtaatcctgtgcgtggctatgtctttgagtttgcaaaagagagtttggacggtcaagtgacttttcacgacattgagggctttacggagatagccgagggattaagcaaggaagacaagaaaaaagctgcagctatagccacagacatagtcaaagggaagaaaaagcctaaagcaaaaaagttggcttttacagagtatgaacagagacagacagattatgactctatgatagaggactaa
>gene_54464|Replication protein
ttgcaggcgattggggaaaagatgattcgtgccgggtattcctttgtttttgttacatatacggcacgacacggggtgatgactgattttcatggctttgtgaaagcctttcaggcagcacagagaaaaatgaaatctgggaaagcgtggcagacgctgaaagcgcagtacggtttgcgttttgctatgcggacagtggaagtgacggatgataaccctactatgatggggcctcggtcaggcttccactttcatgcgcatacggtgatgtggcttgatcatgctgttctgacttcagatgagggggcgcggcttgaggctgaaattgggcgtctttggcgggcggcccttaccaaggtggggctggaggccagcgaagaacgtggagtagtgctggagctgccaaggactaaagggggaatgctggacaaaaccgaagccatgcagggggttgtccactacctttgcaaacggttttctgatgaaatgacgggcgatctgcggaagtctggcagggctggacgcaggatttccatatgggagcttctacggatggccgctgaaacgaaaagccggaagctttggcggaggtggcagacgtatgccgaagccatgaagggcgtatcttttctccagcttacaccgggattgcgggatttctgtgggcttggaagggaaaaaacagacgaagaacttttgcagggaatcgctggtgaacctgtgcgcacgctgaccagcgaggaatttttttgggtggtgaagcagggcggtcagggaaaattgctgcgcaaagctgatgaagctggacttgccggaatcgagcagggattgaaggctgctcgagagggttttgacattgagactggagaggagcttgagccgcctcct
>gene_16292|Replication protein
ttgcaggcgattggggaaaagatgattcgtgccgggtattcctttgtttttgttacatatacggcacggcacggggttatgactgattttcatggctttgtgaaagcctttcaggcggcacagagaaaaatgaaatctgggaaagcgtggcagacgctgaaaacgcagtacggtttgcgttttgctatgcggacagtggaagtaacggatgataaccctactatgatggggcctcggtcaggcttccactttcatgcgcatacggtgatgtggcttgatcatgctgttctgacttcagatgagggggcgcggcttgaggctgaaattgggcgtctttggcgggcggcccttaccaaggtggggctggaggccagcgaagagcgtggagtagtgctggagctgccaaggactaaagggggagtactggacaaaactgaagccatgcagggggttgtccactacctttgcaaacggttttctgatgaaatgacgggcgatctgcggaagtctggccgggctggacgcaggatttccatatgggagcttctacggatggccgctgagacgaaaagccggaagctttggcggaggtggcagacgtatgccgaagccatgaagggcgtatcttttctccagcttacaccgggattgcgggatttctgtgggcttggaagggaaaaaacagacgaagaacttttgcagggaatcgcgggcgagcctgtgcgcacgcttaccagcgaggaatttttttgggtggtgaagcagggcggtcagggaaaattgctgcgcaaagctgatgaagctggacttgccggaattgagcagggattgaaggcagcgcgagagggttttgacattgagactggagaggagcttgagccgcctcctgagtag
>gene_36251|DNA replication protein, partial
atggtttcggctgtgtgggagatcgcggccgcactcgatgagcagcgcgtgcccgctgccgtccccaatgcggtctggctcgaagttcccacccttcgccttcgaggcgagggcagccgggccgataacgtctggctccgggaatgcctcgaccgcctgaccggcgtgaagctgtccggcgaataccggggcgatccgtggggggcggtggtcctggccgaatggcacatcatgcaggggggcagcgtggcccgcctgctgatcccgcccgctggcgttcacgctctgcgcagcccctcgaacttcaccaagatcgaggcctacgccgcgcatcgcctgacggggcacggccgccagctctacgcgatccttgccgacaagaagcgccttggcaggccctactggacgttcacgttggacgaactccgggcactcatgggtgctgatacccagaagtcctatacccgcttcaacaccttccggcagcgtgtcctcgatccggccgttgaggcgatcaatgactacggcaccgtcagggtgaaaatgaccctcgaaaagcgtggccggactgtccacgcagtgcgcttcgactggaactggaaggacccccatgacgcggccgagaccgcagccgagaataaacgccaccggggcgcccgccgccgccagcaggacacggacgacgccccgcccttaatcgtagcagaaccccaagcggaaccggccctgacatggtggcacggactcacccacgccgagcgcgagacttgggcggaccgggtggggcgcactttcaaggccgggaccttcaccgtgcctcgacgcgaagccgaccttgctcgcgctgccttctccgctcatggacagggggttctctcaggaacctcaaaatga
>gene_51632|Initiator RepB protein
atggccagaagaaaacgctcagaacaagaaagttaccaggtaggcaacgcccgcgaaatgtccatctacaaaagggacgatatgattcagatgggccgattccgtctatcccttcaggaacaacggtgtgtcctgtttgctatcagtaaaatcaagccagaagataccgggttcggggaatatgtgttcgaactgaaggacttttacgccgtctgcggtctgcagaaggaaagttaccacgaactgaaagccatccttaagggattgtctgaccggagttggtgggccgagatagacgacaaggggacagaaagtgtgttgcgctggtttactaccgtgcgcacaaacaagaagtccggaaaggtcacgatagagttccataaagatatggtcccctatctattgcaactcgccgcccaaaaggcattctacaccgggtatcagctgcaatatgttttgccgatgaatagccagtacggcccccggctgtatgaaatccttaagtcctaccaaaagaaccaatggcggtggttctttgagttagataaactacgtcacttgcttgattgcgacgatgtgctgcagcggtggcccgattttcgccgtcgcgcccttgaacccgccgttcaggacattaaccagtacaccgacctgaaaatcgcctgggacgtgcaacgcatcggcaagaaggtaacccgggtagagttctatatggccgagaaggacaccgatgaactcttggacactcaacgagtaatccaggatatccttgacgggcaagtcacgatggaagagcagttgaagcaaactgccacttcggaggaatctgtaatggacaagttcaaacgtgagaacgacgtaggccgccagaaacgcccctcagagggtttttaa
>gene_27923|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
atgtttttcgtgacgttcacggttcctcatgatagggagacgcctcttaaagagagtttaagaggtctcaccgaagcgtttcgtcgcatcaggaactataggggtcttgctccattctggaagaacatggtcggttttatcaaggccgttgaggttcaagtcgggaatcatggattccatccacacctccatgttttagtaatgacgaatgggtgtgacttagttaatgatgaaattgagaagaagttaaaagcctcttgggcgaccgcggtcgttaaggaaggtctcgctagacctaaagacgaagttggagttgtcgtggaagagacccttgatcccgagtcgacggcggattatctgatcaaagtccaagagaataagttgactctggaaatgtcgcgtagtgatttgaagagtggtcgtggtggttctaagaatgaagagtggcattgttctccattcgacctgatgaccaaagaaatcgagctaccgattagtattgggctccgtaagaagttgttcgtcgagttttatagagccactaaggggacctcggccgtgaggtggtcgcgtggtcttaaggatctttttgaccttgaggaagttagtgatgaagagcttgggaccctttctcctgaagaggctgaggctcatttacgattcctgcgcgccacgtacactcggctatttaaggaggacccggacctccttgcgcgttgccaagagttgtttagggcgggtaagtatgaagaggctggagagttagcgggcgattccgccgaactcctcctcgatgatggaactctattccactggggatcaggtcaatgggaactcctcgatgatgagaataatgttgagcttcctcccgacccttgggcgagcgcctgctga
>gene_5883|Putative replication initiation protein
atggctgattgtttgcacccggtcactatccgcaataaaggcaagggccccgcttatatagcggtgccctgcggaaagtgtcctaaatgtcttgcgaccaaacttaataaatgggtttttcgcctcaaacagcatgttaaggcttataagtatgtttcatttgtgacgcttacttataatgacgagaatcttccgtattgtcatatcgatgaagattgtcaagtatctattaataagtatgttattgatgaaaatgatattccttgtttaaataaagctgatttgctgcggttttttcgtgatttgcgtaaatatggtaagtcttacggtattgacaaggattttatcagctattatgctattggtgaatacggttccgactatgaccgtccccattatcatgttatgcttttctctaattatcttgattttgataatgtggagacttcatttttgcttgactggctttggtctcgtggttttgtacagcttaaacccgttactgatttccgtatacagtatgtttgcaagcatcatttaaaacctaaaaactccaaatatttccctgttaagcagtttacacttcgctcaaacggtcttggtttgtgttttcttgataaggatgttgttcgttggttcaaggacaataaacccactttaattcatcagcgtgatggcgtgaaaattggcgttccacgctattaccgcactaagttaatggaaatgtatggtattgacacttctgttgcttatattcaaagaaaaacgcctttgcaaaagcttcatgattcttactctggtgaaactcttgatagagttttggccaatagaaagatttatgaggaacatcttgaaaatcaaaatctttacaaatctaaaaataaaagaaaatga
>gene_17695|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcgaacatgatgaagttcacgaagatggcagccatggcggtgatcgcccatcaggaacgaacttgcctcacgcatagcaacgagaacatcgatccggaaatgacgaagtacaactactccgtctggccgtatgacgatccggatctggttggcgagaagcacggttggaagaggctgaccaagcgactgagcgaggtcaagcacctcaaccggaaggacgtcaacgtgctggtcgagtgggtgatccacctggggccggatgttcctcctggctatgacaacgaggaggatttcttccgggcttgtatgcggtactgtgagagagagtacggagcagagaatatctgctacggcatcgtccacgtggacgaagaaaacccgcacttgaccgttggtttcgtgccggtggttaagaagcctctgaagctccggaagaacgcttcgaaacagaccagggaggaatacgaggcagcggtcgcagccggtaagaccatgatcgaagtcctggacgccgattcggtgatcacccgaaagcatctgcagggatggcacggaggtttgacccagtatctgatccaggagttgggctacgatcctgccgtccataccggcattaccaaggccatgggcggcaatctgacggtgaagcagctgaagcgcaaagacgccaagtggcgagagcagcgcaacaagcaggcagcgcacttccatgaagtgcgtagagccgccaagaccggccagaaagccggtctggcagccaagatcgctatggccgatccgaatcggccacagctccaaggccaggccgagcctggtacagaaaagaaaggaaagtccctggctgaactgatgaagggtgcccaggatcgaggtggcaaaaatggatggtag
>gene_57125|Plasmid replication protein B
atggctagaaaaagggatattcagcatatcgacagcagggaaagcataagggttgtaacatcaaattctttcataactgcttgcggactagaaaaggcaagtataaaggctcgcaaacttctttatttggctatttcgcagtgcaaacagagtgacaaagaattttatgaatacagtatttctgtttcggaatttgcagaaattatgggaatagacgcaagcaatgtgtatgataccgcagaccaaataacagacgagttgttcaaaggatatattaccgagaaggacgaggatggttttgataaatattcacttttttcaaagtgtagatatgacggaaattctatttatttcaaacttaatcccgatatgacggactttatgctccatgtaaaaggttcgttttcgcaacctttactgactgactttatgaaaatgaatagtcctaaaagcatggcggtatggcatttgatgcagagagaaatgcacagtaaaaaaccatatgcaaatacagaaatcgtctttgaattatcgcttgaggaacttcgaaaagtgacggaatctgaaaacacatttactagattaagtgattttaaaagatatattttagacaaggcaatccgagaaattaaggataattgcggggttgtgattacatatgagcctattaaaaagagcagaactatcattggttttagttttaaggcaaggtcgcaagggtatattgaaaaaattagtccagaacttaaaaaaaagatgcgcaaagcagaacttgtccgtaaaaagagtgatgtgggtttaagtgtaaaggaagacgatgagttacaagaattgattttggaactcgaccaaatgaggatagaagatttctggagggaaatgccgaatggctga
>gene_54061|Tyrosine recombinase XerC
atgaatatcgaccattcgttcaaggaatttttaatcactcagcagataaagggtaattcaaaacagacggttgctttttatcggaattgtgtttcacctatgattgactttatcggtgcaaaaacagatactgcacaattaagccttgaaacattacgaaaatatgccctgtatctgcgcggacgggatattgcagacaattcctacaaaacatacatgaagggcattaaagcctttttaagctggctttacgaggaagaatacacttctgtcaatctcagcgaaaaacttaaactgccaaaagcacagcgaaaaacgatagatgttttgactccgactgaaattaaaacgctgttcgattcattcaatgtcaggacgataacaggacttcgtaattactgcatatgcgctttaatgcttgacagcggtttaagacgctcggaagtaatcagactgaaaatatcagacttgcatatttttgagggttacgcaattatcaacggcaaaggaaacaagcaaagatgtgtccctctcggcaatgtttcaaagaaatatttgataaaatacacatcgcttcgaccgtgcgatatcgacaccgaaagtttgttccttacgaagcaaaacacgcccataaaaaacgccacgattgcccgcattttcaagaccgttaaggtcacaaaagtcggtgatgtcaacttgactcgtcgtgtttatccgcacttattaagacatacctttgcaactacatatcttgaaaacggcggaaacatctacgctttgcagcagattttgggtcacactacactggatatggtgaaaaactatgtacacttgacacaggcaaaaacggtggtcaacttcgacaaatacagtccgctcgacaatttgaattaa
>gene_20528|Replication initiation protein
atgatacagagaggagcaagagagatggtaagacccttcggagtatccttggataggttgactattctagggaccataagagacgtagaagccttccgtcaatacatagaatatgacggtagcatagggtttcggcaggatttctcaagtccaatgtacaattgggcgggaacgatattgggggaacttaaagagggctcagcgtttttccagttcaatgatagagagagaaaggtgaggctggagttcaaccctaaacatgcaaaagacgagaagattaagagagagtatgagaaatttttaggacatatgatagacaggaagttttctagaatagacgtagccctcgactttgaccacgatctattcaagtacaagatatttgatagcgcaccgaataggaaacaaacggtcatgatgggacagagcagggcaatagaaaccgtctatcttggtacgagaaaaagcgagatgcaaatagttctctatgataaagagaaggaaaggaaagacaaaggagacgatttaggattgccagaggatattgggcaatggaagaggctggaggtccgtttgatgacatcagcgcatatagagaaactcatgaggaactggcaggatttcaatccctttgagagatttcatctaataggagatataccgaaagaggctttcaaggatatcagagaatgggcactagcaaaggcgctcttggaggaaccgtcattgtgggcagagctcaacaagaatacaaaaacaagatatcgaaagctactcaagggaattgagacagaggaactggatttgggcgaaatctgggagcaagaaaaaacccctatcatgggcacgataagggattggttggagttggaagctccgatattgaacaagtaa
>gene_33895|Replication protein
atggattttgaagagaaaaatcccctaatttctgaaactttggcgagcgaagaaattaggggatcggatttcaaaaaacgcctagagcgttattcgggggcgaaggctcgcagccttgctatgtccgagtatatcaaatcaacgcaaaatagtcgatacagcaagattggctatcgactgaatgagtgcggttcatttctgtggtttaaaaattacttcgagaaaggtgaaatacgcttgcatagtgcttcattttgcgaaaaatcaacattatgcccattttgcgcaatccgaagagccggtaagttcgtaaaagcctatatgagcaaattagagagccttaggaacatttatccgaatttaaggccctatatgcttaccttgaccgtaaaagacggcgagagcctttctgaacgctttttacacctacgctctgcaatcaaggcatatatgcaaaaacgtagagattatttagcgagagaaaattctaacagaaatcgactgcacgttgagcttgtaaaggctttaggcggagtttattcaatcgaggttaaacgaggtaagaattccaatttatggcaccctcacgtccacttcgtgattctatgcaataatgaaaatctaatagacgttcaaaagctttctgcagaatggcgtgaaattacaggagacagttttatcgttgattgtcgttcgttctattctgctgatcctgattgcgtaattgacggttttctagagattttcaaatacgccttaaaattttccgatatgtctttacaagacaatttccacgcatacgaaattttaaaccgtcagcgtttagtgaataactttggtattctccgtggagtggaagtcgaagaaaatttaaatgatttttgccccggc
>gene_22332|Replication protein
gtgaaaagagagatcgacaaacgagaaaatattcgaatcataactaaaaacgagtttgttctcgcagagggtctatccgatctgtcattaaatgccaggaaaatgctttatcttgctcttgctcagtgtaaaaagggtgaccctgagttttaccagtacgatgttacgccgacagagcttgcagagatttggggaataagccggcagagtgtatatcagcaggccgatgctatcacagatgagctgatgaggcttgttatcaaagtgtgtgagaagtcaggaaagcgatttaagaaaaggcatgttttctttacctgcgactatgatgacgacagcaagctgacattcatgctgcatagagatatgacggatatgctgctgggagtcgatagagacttttctcggccgttattgtgggattttatgcggatgcggtcaccgtatagcatggcgatctggcatctcatgcagagagaaatgcagagttttaaaccgatggtatcaaggccgatcgagtttgatctcacactggaggagctgcgacaggtaaccaaaacgcaagacaagttgaagcaggttggacagtttaaagagcgagtccttgataaagctatccgagagatcagggagaattgcttagtagatatcagctatacaaatatcaaaaaaggcagaactgttaccggattccggtttacggctgagaattttttcggaacgattaaaccggaggagctgacattgcgagaacggcagcggatgcggaaagcacaactgttacacaagagggcaatcggaataataactccggaagagataatggagcttgagtatctccggaacgatctttaccagatgactatcgaggatgtcttagacggataccaggactga
>gene_18195|MobA/MobL family protein
atgtacacatatgtaagggtaacaaagctgcccgatatagtaggtcgatcggcttacatcaccaacgctacaggcagacacaaagctgaagatgtcctgtgctgcggcggagctgttgaggattggaagccgtatcagacctatgaacgtaaccaccagcgttcttcagaacctaataacgagggcagagagcttatagtagctattccaaactcttggggcagtctgatagctaaacccctgcttaaaagcagagtagacagccttgcacagcagctcatcggtaaaagtaccgactatcagtacgctgtccattggaacagcagccacactaacctacacgcacacataattttttctgaacgtgaaaaatgccctcaaacgaacgctagggggtctgtaagcgatttttatgacagggatatatatctcacacaggtgggaacaatcgcccgtagaaaggctgacagagccgttgacgagcaaggaaacgaaaagccgcccgtacatcgcaagggagaacccaaaaatcagacctttaccgccaaagacacgaaatacaaatccaaagaatggctgcaaggcgttaaaaaagctgtaaagcgtagatttgcattagaaatagaaaaaaaacacgttactaactacctgcatacctatcacgagggcaaatcacccagagcggcagagcttgcaaagcagagcaacgagattatccgcagtcttaatcaatggcttgatgaccgtaaaaaagaggggtatgtgctgaaaaaagagggtgacaaggcatattttgagctttataagcgactggtaggcataaccgaggacggtcaagaccttgataaatggttttacgataacatagctctaaatgcggataaggtgcagcagcagcttcaaaagaaagaggagcgggcggtcagagctgtggatcgcaaagtagcagcgcagcagctaacagcaaaaaaagcacttgataccgcttatacgcttgctatcaaggtttataacagtaggatcagtcgtgatatatcacaacacaattatgctgaagatgcattgaaagagcttactggaagtgaatacggaacatatatacgtaaagaacaccccaaattggagaaaaatttgaaaaaagccgtacagcaagtgaaggaaatgggaaaaaccacagaacttgtagtagctatggaactgtattttcagaaaaaactttctattgattattcagttaatggacgaaaccgcagctgcgtgtcttattttgaagaaccgtataaagttgccgatgttttgatgaaagagataggcggcagctgttatagcttgcctcaatcacctgcacagcataaagcagctgaggaaaagaagcggaaggaggaacgtgttgctttggaacgagcaaaggcgaaatatgctcgagaacaagctgaaaaagaaaaaagtcgtccaaaaacttatgaagttccaatgcctgtacattctcggaagaaaaaacacgatgattggaatcgataa
>gene_3352|Replication initiation protein Rep(RC)
gcggcgcgcgtggctgcatgtagcgatctctggacgggctacaaatgccccgactgcggcaggctacatggaatgatcagctacggttgcagagatcgcctctgtgccatctgcgcggcaaagcttgcgcgcgctaccgcggcgcaggctttgcaggcaatgtctgttatgcaactcgacgaaggcttacaaggctgttcgtggggcctgctcacactcacggtgcgcaatgtaccagcggcagagctttccggcacaattgacaatatgctgcattactgggcgttgctgcggcgcgtgcgccctgtggcgcgcatcctgcgcgcgtgggcgcggaacatcgaagttacttacaaccggcagcggcacacataccacccacatatacactgcatcgtggccgtcacagatgcagacatgtgccgtttatctcagacccacccggaacccgggtcagggatcccccagcagcctgcaatgcagtgggctgcgtggtggaggcaggccgcaaaccttgactatgtaccggtttgcgatatccggccacttacttctgtagatgccgtgtacgaagtgagtaaatatactgcgaaacccagcagcatattcagttccgaactcactttcgggatcaaaaagaaggttgtccgcaccattgcggaagccatttttggcaggaggctcaaaagctacggcggcgcatggctcaaggcgcggcgcgctctcaacatgaaaccggcagaagaaatggaagatacagagctttccgaagtcgctgccggtctggaaaaccattgcgcgtgcggctcttcacaaccgcttgttgccgttgtcctgcaatggtctggcctttcatacgacatgcatactgtcaccttgattgaaacggaataa
>gene_53468|Replication protein
atgctttataacgaaccaaatcagctggtaggctacagtatcgaagagactacaaattccttggaaaatcaaatggtggcagtatctcgaagccttgtaaaaacccaaataaactggactccaacacagaaaaaactctttgtaatggtgctcacaaaaatagattggtcaaaaggtggcaattcgaacgtggtagaactcgacaaaaaagagataatgcaggcacttggaagtgaaattgacagcgaccatcagagcgactatttacgaaaagagtttcagaaacttgctagaaattcggaaataagctggacggatccagacgatagggaaatatgggaagacggctttttaataaccaagagggcaagcactcgatacaaaatgaaaataactttgaatcctgactatatgccacttttagaggacttggtaggaagatacccatttctaacagtatggtccaatgacatttatacgtttaaaagcaaatttacgtttgcactcttcgaagagcttcgcatgagctacgacagcagatattttacaaacataagagcttatacaacaaagcaactcaaggagttatttggactttccaaagatgattacatgaagtcaaacggaaagtttgaccgttttaactttgaaaaatacactataaacgtagcacgtgatgaaataaatgctggggagatgatgaccatagtatcaattgaaaaggtcaaaaaaaacggaagggttgcagagtatagattcaaatatttcgtgaaaactcgccaaaaccctacagcagaacagcttttagccatagaggaagatagaaaactagacggacaggaaacttttacagaccaaaccacactagagcaatatgcgaaaacatggaaataa
>gene_27227|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgatggcgagtgttcagtgggtgaagttcaagggtcatggagccgttaaggcggttctgcggcataactgttcagataccagagaggcgcaacagaaccactccaacaagcagttggacacgagcaaaacgcatttgaattacggcatgtatgaccagtacgcagaagcgtgcaagcggtatgatgagcgcatagcggagctggtgcccaagagcgcgaagcggaaagaccaagtaaccgggcttggtttggaatttccggtgcctgcaggtcttcctgaagaccagcaggtaaactggttttcccggacagctggtattatctgcgagatgtttggcgatgagaatgtgatggggtttcacgttcatcgtgacgaggaacatgaatacctccatcacgagactggtgagctcacaatgtcacgagtacacgcgcacgccgtagtcgtgccggagtacgagggacggttgtgtgcgaagcaggtcgagagcagagctaatatccgcaagctgaataatgccatcgaggaaatgtcgacgaaggagttcggcgtgcatttccttgagggcaagggcgggaagtcgagcgagaaagtcgaagacctcaagcggaagtcggcggcgaagatcgcagagcttgccgccgaactggagcgcagagagtcgagacttgacgcgagggag
>gene_49852|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgatggcgagtgttcagtgggtgaagttcaagggtcatggagccgttaaggcggttctgcggcataactgttcagataccagagaggcgcaacagaaccactccaacaagcagttggacacgagcaaaacgcatttgaattacggcatgtatgaccagtacgcagaagcgtgcaagcggtatgatgagcgcatagcggagctggtgcccaagagcgcgaagcggaaagaccaagtaaccgggcttggtttggaatttccggtgcctgcaggtcttcctgaagaccagcaggtaaactggttttcccggacagctggtattatctgcgagatgtttggcgatgagaatgtgatggggtttcacgttcatcgtgacgaggaacatgaatacctccatcacgagactggtgagctcacaatgtcacgagtacacgcgcacgccgtagtcgtgccggagtacgagggacggttgtgtgcgaagcaggtcgagagcagagctaatatccgcaagctgaataatgccatcgaggaaatgtcgacgaaggagttcggcgtgcatttccttgagggcaagggcgggaagtcgagcgagaaagtcgaagacctcaagcggaagtcggcggcgaagctcgcagagcttgccgccgaactggagcgcagagaggcgagacttgacgcgagggagcgtgcgctcgat
>gene_15346|Putative recombinase/mobilization protein
atgatggcgagtgttcagtgggtgaagttcaagggtcatggagccgttaaggcggttctgcggcataactgttcagataccagagaggcgcaacagaaccactccaacaagcagttggacacgagcaaaacgcatttgaattacggcatgtatgaccagtacgcagaagcgtgcaagcggtatgatgagcgcatagcggagctggtgcccaagagcgcgaagcggaaagaccaagtaaccgggcttggtttggaatttccggtgcctgcaggtcttcctgaagaccagcaggtaaactggttttcccggacagctggtattatctgcgagatgtttggcgatgagaatgtgatggggtttcacgttcatcgtgacgaggaacatgaatacctccatcacgagactggtgagctcacaatgtcacgagtacacgcgcacgccgtagtcgtgccggagtacgagggacggttgtgtgcgaagcaggtcgagagcagagctaatatccgcaagctgaataatgccatcgaggaaatgtcgacgaaggagttcggcgtgcatttccttgagggcaagggcgggaagtcgagcgagaaagtcgaagacctcaagcggaagtcggcggcgaagctcgcagagcttgccgccgaactggagcgcagagaggcgagacttgacgcgagggagcgtgcgctcgatgagcgcgaagcaagtttgcaacggcgggagcgtgctcttgaggccgcgaaggacgctcccgcgaagtcggcagcggactcgccggcggctccccaaaaatcgggtgttcggtcgctggatagtatccggcgacagacacacgcttcagctcgtaccgttgacggctatgccgggcaagggtacgagaaaggccgttaa
>gene_18631|Replication-associated protein ORF2
ttgttggctgtcagcactggcttaaattccaatggtaagcgtgacattaaattcgttgctggccctaatgaatgggaattttacccgcctaacgcccgtctcaagattccttgcggccgctgtgttggttgtcgtcttgagcgttcgcgtcaatgggcgaatcgctgtatgcttgaattgcagtatcatgagtcttcgtattttgttactctgacttatgatgatgatcatgtacctataacatattatgctgcggatgatgacggtgctgctcgtggtggtttaacgctttgttctcgtgattttcaactttttatgaaaaggttaagaaaggaacattcctatgagcgtttacgcttctttgcctgtggcgagtatgggtctactacttatcgccctcattatcacgcaattatttttggactcactctcgacgatttgcgaccctacaaacgtagcccccaaaattatgattatttcattagtgattctcttactgagtgttggggtctcggctatgttgtggtcggtgccgtaacatgggagacttgtgcttatactgcccgctatatcatgaaaaaagcccttggcgaaggtgctgaggtatatgagcgttttaacattgagcctgagtttgtgaggatgtcgcgaaagcccggtatcgcgtatcagtattatgctgaccatcccgatctttatcagtatgagtatatcaatcttccgaccgataaaggccagttgaaatttcgccctcctcggtattatgaccggctttttgatcttgataaccccgatcagatggcaaagataaaggctaaacgacagcacgccgctctggtagatgctcacaataaatccttgcaaacgtcccttattgagcctgaccgtctc
>gene_42751|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_34199|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_45406|replication protein RepB
aacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_33862|Replication initiator protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagc
>gene_58043|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_33124|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_36528|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_39920|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_37841|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_35877|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_49083|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_35440|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgcctt
>gene_34653|Initiator RepB protein
atgtcaaaggcaaatgacaaaagacttgacagttatctcgatatgccacccgatttaggcagtcgtgctgagaacaaagttcgttcagagcgtgagcagatggtgcaaaaatcgagcgaactgatacgcaaattcaaagcagaaatgaacaccccgcaattcaagatatccctgtatctgatttccaaagcttacaccctcgacaatgaccttgaatacacgttcgatatcaaagacttctgtcaatgctgtggtcttgatgatgataatggcaacaattaccgtcgtctaaagcgtgagatacgcaatttgcgcaataaatctcagtgggtcgaggtgtggggcgatcccgacactgaggtgcttgttagtttggtttccaaagcgtggttcaatgctcgttcgggcaaggttcgtatacgccttgacgaagatataaagccgtatatccttgaactccgcaaaaactgggagcaaaaaggcgaactgtatacgaagtttgctctgctgtacaccttgcccatgaaaagcctttacagcatacggctctatgaactgttgaagtcctgggctgatgctacaatgtccgagagtgaggggcattggtggtctattgagcagttgcaggctcttctcggctctgagtatgagcgatatcaagacttccgaaggaaggtcattgaaacagctttgaaagagattaacaagtattccgatatatcagtgcagtatgagcctatcaaagacggtaggagttacaagtatatcaacttctacatacgcaacaagaccgaacgtgagctgatatctgtcaaggcgaacaatcaccatacgcttgacggcttgcagatgagtttcgatgattacggctcagacggaaaaccgaagtag
>gene_21097|Putative plasmid replication protein
atgtcaaaggcgaatgacaaacggcttgatagttatctggctatgccgtcagacctcggcagtcgagccgagaacaaagtgcgttctgaacgtgaaaaaatcgtgcaaaaatcgaatgaactgatacgcaaattcaaggcagaaatgaacacacctcagttcaaaatcacgctgtatctcatatcgaaagcatataccctcgataatgaacttgaatacacgttcaatatcaaagatttttgccaatgctgtgggcttgacgatgataacggcaacaattaccgccgtttaaaacgtgagatacgcaaactctccaacaaatcggagtgg
>gene_22131|Rep protein
atgtatggagatgagttaaacttgaaagataagaaaaaagagactaccttacttgatagtagtctcaatactgcaacttttttacaattgccatttaataaagtctataaaaattataatataaaagttcttgattgtaaagattataagcaaatatatatatttgataaatccaaattaaaaaaatatgatggctttgaaaatgatttaaaaattaaatcatttgaggagccaaaaaattcaatcactcattccgataataagtccgttttatataaaaatgtaatgagaagtaaaattaaacttcaaagacttgcaaaatgtaatgctgaggaatggaaaacttttattactcttacatttaatcaaaatataactgatttatctattgcttataaaaaatttagaaactttataactataattaatagatataaaaaagattttaaatggttatgtgtcccagagtttcaaaaaagcggtagggtgcattatcatatggttactaatattgacttaaatgagcccaaactcattttaagtcaagaatatgaaggtaatatatattatcatttgaaacattggcaaaaaaatggttttgactgcattgagactatacacgataaagagggcaacgatacaaagaagctatgtggctatatctcaaaatatatgactaagtcttatattgaagattgtttttataataaaaatagatattattgttctcaaaatcttattcaacctaaaacacacttgatagatttagaaagtaaaaatgatattgaacttttggataaattacttaaaaattgtgaagtaatatatcaaaacgaatatttagataactttaataattcaattcaatttatagaatataaggaaatataa
>gene_48208|replication protein RepB
atgggaaagacactcgaagtaaccgccgatcgatccgcctcgaccgatgaactggtcgcagccggtgagctcctggacatgcgattccagcccggccgatcgtcgttgagcctccgcgccgggaagctactgcacaccctcgtccaggcggccggtgctgacgcagggcttgcgaagccgcacaggatctcgctgaacaggttgaattacatccatcacttatcgcgagaggaagtgttggatacagtaagagaactgttcggcgtgaccgtgcagctacaagttctgaacagcaaaggtaagcgt
>gene_40229|TnpX site-specific recombinase family protein
atcatcaacttcaagacctactccaaatccttccgcaacaaaaagcggcttgacaatccgcaggaaaactgggcggttttcaagaatgtgcacgaaccgatcatcgatcgtgacacgtgggaattggttcagaagctgacgaagaataccaaacgcagagcacctaagccggagaacggggagaagaatatgttctgtgatcttttgtactgcgctgattgcggaaacaaactgtggtataacgtcaaccacccgaacaataagatatgttacttcaactgttccaattaccggggaactcgtggtacctgcaattccacccattatatccgggcggattcactggaacaagtggtcatgatggaactgcggcggctggctgattttctgaagagtgatgaagaaaccttctctgaaatgctggagcagaaaaccaatgccgatatgactgccgagcagaagaaactcgaatcggagcttgcatcctccgaggcacgggtcaacgacctgctgcggttgtttgaaaagctctacgaggacaacgtatccggcaaggtcacggatgaatggttcatgcgtctgtcccagaaatacgagaccgaacagacagaactcaagcgcagaatccttgagatccgggaacggatgaatgaactgcagagcacaaggtcgaataaggaatccttcgtccgcgctgtgcgcaaattcatggagatggatcatctgacacccaccctcctgcgggaactgatcgacaagatcgaggttcaccagatcgagggaaccggaaagaaccgcacccagcggatcgtaatccactaccggtttgtgggttatattgagatccccttcggaccggaggacctgcattacacccttgaaagccgccagggcgtcgctgtggagtatgtggacgatggctacaccggtaccaacttcaaccgtcccggttttcagaagatgctggaggatatggacatggggtatatctccactgtcatcgtgaaggattcctcccgcttcggacgaaattatctggaggtcggacagtacacggactactatttcccggagaacaatatccgcttcattgccatcaatgactgtgtggacagtgacaacggcgaggatgatttcggagcgttccggaacgtgatgaacgagatgtatgccaaggacatcagccggaaggtgcgaagttctcataaactgcgtgggaatgcgggagaaccgctctccccgccgccgtatgggtacagaaagtcaccggagaacccgaaaaagtgggtgatcgatccggaggcggcagaggtcgtccgacggatattcaccctgtgtctggaggggaaaggcaacgagaccattgcaagattgctgcaggaagacaaggttcttgtaccgcaggcatattggcagagcaagggcatcggacgcggaggcaagaagacacaacccaatccctgtaagtggtgcaagacaacgatcgccagaatccttgatcagcaggaatactgcggg
>gene_57696|Plasmid recombination-related protein
atggcaagcatgaagaagtacacgaagatgcaggccctggccgtaatcgcacaccaggaacgaacctgcgaaaaccacaccaacgaaaacatcaacccggaaatgaccaagtacaactatgcggtctggccctatgatgatcctgatctggtcggtgagaagcacggctggcagcggctcatgaagcggctgtcccagctgaaatacctgcaccggaatgacgtcaatgtcatggtggagtgggtgatccacctgggcccggacgtccctcccggctatgacaacgaggaggcgttcttcctggcctgcatgaagtacatggaacgcctttatggatccgaaaacatcctgtacggcattgtccacgtggacgaggaaaacccccacctgactgtcggtttcgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctttgaagctccgaaagaatgcttccgagaaaaccaaggccgagtatgaagctgccgtggctgccggcaagaccgtgatcgaaaccctggatgccgattccatcatcaccaggaagcacctgcagggatggcatggtggtctgaccaagttcctgatcggcgagctgggctatgatcccgctgtcaaaaccggcattacgaaggccatgggcggaaacaagaccgtgaagcagctgaaggccatgtccccgcaatggcgggaaaagcgaaacaagcaggcagcacacttccacgagatgcggcgagctgccaaggaaagacgcctgtccggtctggatgccagaattgccatgagtaacccgaaccgggagaagctgcagagccaggatgccccgcagcggcccggcaccggctccctggctgatctgatcggcgctgccaaggatcgaggtggacgagatggatggtaa
>gene_14054|Plasmid recombination-related protein
atggcaagcatgaagaagtacacgaagatgcaggccctggccgtaatcgcacaccaggaacgaacctgcgaaaaccacaccaacgaaaacatcaacccggaaatgaccaagtacaactatgcggtctggccctatgatgatcctgatctggtcggtgagaagcacggctggcagcggctcatgaagcggctgtcccagctgaaatacctgcaccggaatgacgtcaatgtcatggtggagtgggtgatccacctgggcccggacgtccctcccggctatgacaacgaggaggcgttcttcctggcctgcatgaagtacatggaacgcctttatggatccgaaaacatcctgtacggcattgtccacgtggacgaggaaaacccccacctgactgtcggtttcgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctttgaagctccgaaagaatgcttccgagaaaaccaaggccgagtatgaagctgccgtggctgccggcaagaccgtgatcgaaaccctggatgccgattccatcatcaccaggaagcacctgcagggatggcatggtggtctgaccaagttcctgatcggcgagctgggctatgatcccgctgtcaaaaccggcattacgaaggccatgggcggaaacaagaccgtgaagcagctgaaggccatgtccccgcaatggcgggaaaagcgaaacaagcaggcagcacacttccacgagatgcggcgagctgccaaggaaagacgcctgtccggtctggatgccagaattgccatgagtaacccgaaccgggagaagctgcagagccaggatgccccgcagcggcccggcaccggctccctggctgatctgatcggcgctgccaaggatcgaggtggacgagatggatggtaa
>gene_29540|Plasmid recombination-related protein
atggcaagcatgaagaagtacacgaagatgcaggccctggccgtaatcgcacaccaggaacgaacctgcgaaaaccacaccaacgaaaacatcaacccggaaatgaccaagtacaactatgcggtctggccctatgatgatcctgatctggtcggtgagaagcacggctggcagcggctcatgaagcggctgtcccagctgaaatacctgcaccggaatgacgtcaatgtcatggtggagtgggtgatccacctgggcccggacgtccctcccggctatgacaacgaggaggcgttcttcctggcctgcatgaagtacatggaacgcctttatggatccgaaaacatcctgtacggcattgtccacgtggacgaggaaaacccccacctgactgtcggtttcgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctttgaagctccgaaagaatgcttccgagaaaaccaaggccgagtatgaagctgccgtggctgccggcaagaccgtgatcgaaaccctggatgccgattccatcatcaccaggaagcacctgcagggatggcatggtggtctgaccaagttcctgatcggcgagctgggctatgatcccgctgtcaaaaccggcattacgaaggccatgggcggaaacaagaccgtgaagcagctgaaggccatgtccccgcaatggcgggaaaagcgaaacaagcaggcagcacacttccacgagatgcggcgagctgccaaggaaagacgcctgtccggtctggatgccagaattgccatgagtaacccgaaccgggagaagctgcagagccaggatgccccgcagcggcccggcaccggctccctggctgatctgatcggcgctgccaaggatcgaggtggacgagatggatggtaa
>gene_13385|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cgaacctgcgaaaaccacaccaacgaaaacatcaacccggaaatgaccaagtacaactatgcggtctggccctatgatgatcctgatctggtcggtgagaagcacggctggcagcggctcatgaagcggctgtcccagctgaaatacctgcaccggaatgacgtcaatgtcatggtggagtgggtgatccacctgggcccggacgtccctcccggctatgacaacgaggaggcgttcttcctggcctgcatgaagtacatggaacgcctttatggatccgaaaacatcctgtacggcattgtccacgtggacgaggaaaacccccacctgactgtcggtttcgtgccggtggtcaagaagcctttgaagctccgaaagaatgcttccgagaaaaccaaggccgagtatgaagctgccgtggctgccggcaagaccgtgatcgaaaccctggatgccgattccatcatcaccaggaagcacctgcagggatggcatggtggtctgaccaagttcctgatcggcgagctgggctatgatcccgctgtcaaaaccggcattacgaaggccatgggcggaaacaagaccgtgaagcagctgaaggccatgtccccgcaatggcgggaaaagcgaaacaagcaggcagcacacttccacgagatgcggcgagctgccaaggaaagacgcctgtccggtctggatgccagaattgccatgagtaacccgaaccgggagaagctgcagagccaggatgccccgcagcggcccggcaccggctccctggctgatctgatcggcgctgccaaggatcgaggtggacgagatggatggtaa
>gene_14217|Plasmid recombination protein, Mob family
atgagcagtcaagttgtaagagttcaaggcttctccaaaggctctttaagtggcattggcaatgaagctgaaagagggaatgtgaaccaccgcaatcccgatatagaccccgaacgcaaacacatgaatatgtcgtttaagtccacggagcatggtttctatgcggaatggaacgacataaagaaaaacttgaacgcccagggcaaagagaccaagaacggaatagcctttgagggcatggtcatcacagccgaagcaaagttctttgaagaacgcttcgggtgggtcaaaggcgagccgatgtctcccgaactggtcgagtattggcgagagtgttacgattgggcggtcaaggaaatcggataccaagggacggataagaacatcatatcggcggtggtacacgccgatgagacgagcctgcacctgcaactgtactatgtgccgataaccgagaggtggcaggagaaggtctatgcaaaggacgaggacggaaaagttctgcgtaatgcaaaaggctctccgatacaggcaaaggacgagaacggcaagaccatatacaggcaggtcgaggatcagaccgcaccgaagctctcccgaacggagttctggagagtgaggggtgggcagacctcgtacagccaaatgcaagaccgattccatgaggaaatcggcaaacgctacgggctggagcgtggcgaggtggggagcaatgcgaaacaccgaaccaaagcccagtacgaagcggagcagttaaagcaggagcatgaagcggagaaagccaagctgtccgaggagaaggaaaggctgacagccgaggtacagccgtaccgagagctgaaggccggcatggacgagatagacagcaccggcaagactgtcttgccgggtgtcgtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaggggttcaaggaacaggcgaaggcgtacactgccaaccgagaggaaatcgaaacgctgcgagagcgttcggctgctgtttcccaaagggaacagcgtgccgatcggcgagagcagcagctcgacagcagggcaaacgagctggcaagacagcaacagcagttacagctgatgtaccaaagacagctcaacctaaatcagcttttggagaaagctgagagagacggcaaagccaaggataagcagattgccactctgaccgccgaaaacggctctctgagggctgaaatcgaaagagtgagggaaacactcacgaagaagattgaagacctctcagagcgtctcagaggggcttacgattgcttcagaaacgcagttaaggcaatcggtatgctgaaatacgacaagaaggacggctatagggtcgaggggcttaccaagaagcaagataggctcatagacggcattgccgaatatggagcgaagtgggcgagggaagacggcttccccgaccacgccgaggacatggaaaagcatatcggcataagcaagggtctgcaaaagatagtcgaaccgaaagagataggcagaagccgataa
>gene_17831|Plasmid recombination protein, Mob family
atgagcagtcaagttgtaagagttcaaggcttctccaaaggctctttaagtggcattggcaatgaagctgaaagagggaatgtgaaccaccgcaatcccgatatagaccccgaacgcaaacacatgaatatgtcgtttaagtccacggagcatggtttctatgcggaatggaacgacataaagaaaaacttgaacgcccagggcaaagagaccaagaacggaatagcctttgagggcatggtcatcacagccgaagcaaagttctttgaagaacgcttcgggtgggtcaaaggcgagccgatgtctcccgaactggtcgagtattggcgagagtgttacgattgggcggtcaaggaaatcggataccaagggacggataagaacatcatatcggcggtggtacacgccgatgagacgagcctgcacctgcaactgtactatgtgccgataaccgagaggtggcaggagaaggtctatgcaaaggacgaggacggaaaagttctgcgtaatgcaaaaggctctccgatacaggcaaaggacgagaacggcaagaccatatacaggcaggtcgaggatcagaccgcaccgaagctctcccgaacggagttctggagagtgaggggtgggcagacctcgtacagccaaatgcaagaccgattccatgaggaaatcggcaaacgctacgggctggagcgtggcgaggtggggagcaatgcgaaacaccgaaccaaagcccagtacgaagcggagcagttaaagcaggagcatgaagcggagaaagccaagctgtccgaggagaaggaaaggctgacagccgaggtacagccgtaccgagagctgaaggccggcatggacgagatagacagcaccggcaagactgtcttgccgggtgtcgtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaggggttcaaggaacaggcgaaggcgtacactgccaaccgagaggaaatcgaaacgctgcgagagcgttcggctgctgtttcccaaagggaacagcgtgccgatcggcgagagcagcagctcgacagcagggcaaacgagctggcaagacagcaacagcagttacagctgatgtaccaaagacagctcaacctaaatcagcttttggagaaagctgagagagacggcaaagccaaggataagcagattgccactctgaccgccgaaaacggctctctgagggctgaaatcgaaagagtgagggaaacactcacgaagaagattgaagacctctcagagcgtctcagaggggcttacgattgcttcagaaacgcagttaaggcaatcggtatgctgaaatacgacaagaaggacggctatagggtcgaggggcttaccaagaagcaagataggctcatagacggcattgccgaatatggagcgaagtgggcgagggaagacggcttccccgaccacgccgaggacatggaa
>gene_30049|replication protein
atgattaatattgacgattttttgaataaaagtgcagaatataagcaaaaatcttttattatggcagatttactagaaaattcaaacatatatcactttaaagaaaaagccgatattatccgtcactgtgcagaccatatcactctaaataatttggcagacggtagtgacaaatttttaagtcactattgcagacaacgaatgtgtccacaatgtcaatatagaaaatctgtcaaagaatatgggcaaataattcaaatagcagaaaatttaaattgttactggttgcatatggttttaactgtaagaaattgtgatgaaaatgatttggataatacaattaatcttttattcaaaaattctacaaaactttttgcaatttataaaaaatctttcaaaggtattttgcgcgcctgcgaggttacatataacaaaactgataaaacttatcacccacatttgcattgtttgataagtgtaaataaaagttattttacatcaagatattatgtaaaacaacaaacattacttgatacttggcgaaaattaattaatcaaaaaaataatggtggtttatatatttcaagagtaacggataaatgtgcatcagtagcagaagttgcaaaatattgtttgaaacctttagactgtgacattcctgacgatgaaaagttaaacgtttatcaaaatatatatacagcattaaagggcaaaagattaattcaaacctatggcaatatttcaaaagaaattaaaaatattaaaaacaattacaaaccattaattgaggaagacaacattttgtgtgctactcattattattataatgacggagcatataaaacaacatctatttataataaaattacagatacagtttataaagtgtag
>gene_17834|Plasmid replication protein
atggatgagcaagtaaaaaaggaaccgtcaggtcgtatttttaattgcttacagtatgagtttaatcctcagactggagcatgtcttaactttaccgaacagaatatcattgatgcaatgaaacataagacaataagcagatatgcttatatcttacatgacaaagacactataaccgagcacgatattgagaagagccagggacattatacggatgctgactttggcaagccaaagggcagacactggcacatcgttatcgaaacaaagggaaatagtgttaaggtatcaacgatagcaaaatggttggggattcctgaaaatatggttgagttaccgaagggtcgaggggcttttatcgactgcgtagagtatctgcggcattcggatataagccaaaggcttaacggaaaatatgtgtatgaagctgacgaggtaaaagcgaacttcaactggcaagttgaagtggaagagcttgtactgaggaaaacgaaatacgaaaagcctttgactcaggctcagtttttgaaaaatgaggtattatacaacggtatgtccctgaaagaagtgtatgagcgatatccgacgatttatcaggaagagctcacaactttctgtaagctgagaagtgaatatctttcaaggttcagtccgatgccaccgcaccgtataaattattatttagagggtggtagtggttacggaaaagatactatggctcgttccatagctcgttctttatatcctgaccttggcgaagatgcctattttgagattggcggtaagaaagtaactttcgatggatatgacggagaaccagttataatttggtcggagtttagagctaaaacattcgttaatgcccttggtgggtatgagaatgttttgcagaccattgatattattccaaaggataaactggaacataagaaattcggttcgataagattaacgaacacagtaaatattgttacatccactcagccttatgctgagtttttacgagagttaattgatgagaatgaccctgataaaacacagagtaaccgaagattcccgataatcatcccgatacatcaggatgacttcgacatcatgataaacgagggttatcttgacaatgatgtatatcgggattatagagcatggcagaatgtcaaaggctctttcggtaagctcgcaaggcgattgagtggtagacctgaggtgcaaatggttattgaaaataagcttgtaactccgattatggatgcacatcaggaagtggaaaaaggtataacccctgatgaatttgagggcatgtctgacgatgatgtattaaaatattttgaaagccttggttacggtcaggttaaggacgagcaacaaatgagtgaaatcaagtctgagattttagccaaccaaatggttgaatatagtcggtggcttgatgagtggtttgatgctcatccgacattgcgaggaacgaaaaatcatcctgattttgagtggtggttagcaaatgggatgagaaaatag
>gene_32992|initiator RepB protein
atgcagacatacacattcaacatctctgatttttgtcgtatttgtggtttggatagtattggcggacagcagtatcagaacctaaaggatgcgctgcaagagcttaaaaccaaaaccctctggataacaccagacccagatacagaagtccttgttagctggataggctatgcaaagattcataagaacagtggaacagtcgatatcaggatggacaacgatctaaaaccatatctattagagctaaaaaagaatttcacacagtacgaattgatatacactcttagaatgaaaagaaaagtgtctccacgcctgtatgaattgctcaagtcctaccactacgataaaacaacacaatatcgtaaagacattgaatttgaagagcttcggaagctgttgagctgcgaaacatctacatatgcccagtacaaaaatttgaacaggtttgttttgaagccatgcgtgaaagagataaacgatcaaacagatatctctgtatcatataatcctataacggctggaaagaaaacgattggtgtatcatttataatctcccggcggaatccaattgatacgattcaggcagcacagaaaacagatgcagcctttatggacgcaatcagcaaacaaccacaacaaccagaaccagaaccagaaccagcgacaaaggctgatcagatgcagcagacacaagaagtcaacacagaagataaacctaaacggctgcaagtacgcatctatacggcaggcaaaaaggacaaacccgttaaaacgttcagtagctacgacagagcagaccttgaccagaaagccaataagtggttgaaggataatggatttaagatttatcgccagagcgaaggaacgtctttccgctgggaggtataa
>gene_31862|initiator RepB protein
atgcagacatacacattcaacatctctgatttttgtcgtatttgtggtttggatagtattggcggacagcagtatcagaacctaaaggatgcgctgcaagagcttaaaaccaaaaccctctggataacaccagacccagatacagaagtccttgttagctggataggctatgcaaagattcataagaacagtggaacagtcgatatcaggatggacaacgatctaaaaccatatctattagagctaaaaaagaatttcacacagtacgaattgatatacactcttagaatgaaaagaaaagtgtctccacgcctgtatgaattgctcaagtcctaccactacgataaaacaacacaatatcgtaaagacattgaatttgaagagcttcggaagctgttgagctgcgaaacatctacatatgcccagtacaaaaatttgaacaggtttgttttgaagccatgcgtgaaagagataaacgatcaaacagatatctctgtatcatataatcctataacggctggaaagaaaacgattggtgtatcatttataatctcccggcggaatccaattgatacgattcaggcagcacagaaaacagatgcagcctttatggacgcaatcagcaaacaaccacaacaaccagaaccagaaccagaaccagcgacaaaggctgatcagatgcagcagacacaagaagtcaacacagaagataaacctaaacggctgcaagtacgcatctatacggcaggcaaaaaggacaaacccgttaaaacgttcagtagctacgacagagcagaccttgaccagaaagccaataagtggttgaaggataatggatttaagatttatcgccagagcgaaggaacgtctttccgctgggaggtataa
>gene_15571|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggcaaaacgcaaacttacggagcgacagaccttgcagagagatgctgccagggagatgaccgtggccaagcgtgacgatatggtgcagaagggtcgtcatcagctgtccgtccgggagcagcggtgtgtcctttatgccatcagcaaaatcaaaccgaccgatgaagtgttccaagaatacaccttttccatctctgacttttacgccctttgcggtctggccgatgaaagctataccgagttgaaggatatcctggtgggcctgaaacaaaagacctggtgggcagaaacttcccccggcatagaaagtaccatcagctggttcaataaagtccggacaaacaagagagaaggaagggtcaccatccggttcgatgatgacatgatgccctacctccttcagctcactaaacagaataccttttacacctcctacagcctccagtatgtcctccccatgagcagccagtacagcccccggctgtatgaaattctcaagtcctatcagaagaacaaccgagaatggttcttccctaccgaagaactgaaacggctcctgggttgcgagaactacacgaatttcaacgacttccgccgatttgcccttaatccagccatagaggaaatcaaccagtacaccgacctgaacattgccatggatgtggtcaaggaaggtcgtggtggtcgtattaccagggtgattttctatatggcggagaagtcagacgatgcccttctgaatgccaagcggtccatccgggacaagctggacgggcagctgtccattgaggacattatggcccgcctgcccgatgacggggaggagagtgtcagggcaaaatttgcccgcgagaatcccccaaaacgcaaaaaaacgcccctctga
>gene_21930|Replication protein RepB
gcaaacgagttcatccagcagaccaattgggaactgaacaagattccaatgaagatttttaaagcgcttatagccgagattgatactcggaatccaccggcaaacgatacagtctcgatatcaaaaacagagctggtgaagctgcttgatggtcaagagacccatcataactttctcaaaaacaaaattagagacctcgaaaggacatcagtgcgggtccttaataatcaacaccgggaaaactatgtgccgcttgtgatcgattttacgtgggaaaaagagattgatatggtaagtgtccagtttcatcccaaagtaatgccttatctgctcgtatcgacccgttttctgcagtatccagctgctgatctgacgcgatttaaatcaaaatacggattagtcctgtatgaacagttgttaagccgtcagaaacaaactggagagatgcaattcatattgactgtagagtatctgaagtgggtcactggaacagagaaaacaaacgtggagaaaccgcaatacaagcaattttgcaactgggagcgccgagttctgcagtccggcgttgatgacctgaatgccgccggtgtatcgttcctggtaaaatacaccaaaaacaagaagggacgagaaatcaaaagcatcacgttctcgtgtacacctcggatgagctggagagacacgacctatgaggaagcctgggctgccgccaaaatgaaagaggcgcagcgccggaatccggatctggtcatcgatcagtcgacgcagcagctggatccgccggatcagcagctgtcgatcttcgacgtggatccaaccatagaagcgccggacaacgacgtcctcaacgacaaacgggaattgactccggaggacatgccgttctga
>gene_16951|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggaatttgaagaagcttataatgagtggtatgtgtatatttcaaaaaggcataaaaaacaaggctatgaaaccttatatcgtaattttactaatcatatttatccttttttttgtgattttgaattaagtaaaattacaaaacaagatattttaaattggcagaattatattttggatttaaattatagtaataattttaatggtatgttatttgttacattaaactctttttttaaattttgtttattaaataattatattttagaaaatcctgtattaggtgttgaaaattttaaaaagaaaatagaagttaaaaaaaattatgttacttataatttatatgaatttttaaaatttagattttatttagataattttgtttataggcaatattttacttttatgtttttttatggtactagaccaagtgaagctatggctttaaggttttgtgattttaaaaaaaattatatttatataagacattctttacaaagaaaaggtaaaagagaacttgatactcctaaaaatcaatcttctataagaattataaaaatatctttgtttatgaaaattcgtattcagttgctaaaaaaattttataaaaaatgtttttcagattttaatgaagaattttttatatttggtgggaaaaaacctattactcctactactactgaccgatataaaaaagttgcttgtattaaagcaggtttacctgttataacacaacatggttttagacatagttatgccacaagaaatatacataataaagtccctattgataaagtctcaaaaactatgggacattcaaaagtatcaactactcttgatatttatttgcatcataatttaaaatttgatgactcattatttcaataa
>gene_27910|Putative Rep protein
atggctaacgaactgctggcatacgcctacgacgaagtggatcaacgcaaggcagaacgactgcgcgagtgcgccgattacttgacgttcaccatcaaggaggacggcacaaagaagctgaagaacatgaacagctgcagggtgcgactctgcccactgtgcgcctggcgcaggagtctgaaggttcattcccacacggtgcagatccttgacgtcatggaagggtacgcttacgtgttcctgactctgacggtcaagaactgttcaggagctgagctgacgtcaaccatcgatctgatgatggctgcgtggcagcgactcacccagaggaaggcgttccgtgctgcagtaaagggttggtatcgcggcctggaagtcacacacaacgtcaatcaccgatcgccctcgtacgacacattccaccctcacttccactgtctgctggcggtgaacaagagttacttcaagaagtctgagtatctgaccaaggacgagtgggcgcaactctggcagaagtccctcaaggtggactacgagcctgtggttgacgtcagacgagtcaaaggcagcaacagcaaggctgtggccgaagcagccaagtacacggtcaaggatgccgactacataatcgctgacgactgggatctgaccgtggaaacggtcaaaatcctagataaggccctggatgggcgccgtttggtggcctacggcggggtaatgaaggacatgcacaaacaactcaacctcgacgacgaagttgacggcaacctggtcaacgttggggaagaagagacggcagctgcgccgaccaccaaggaagaagtgtacttctggcacactgggtacagccagtacctctcggtggaagggggtgacgtcgatgggtaa
>gene_29080|Replication protein
atggcaagaaaaaagaaagttgaacctattactggcacaggaaaaaatccggaaaccttgaccgtccagaaatcacgaccattattcggtctttggaagtcggatttcacactggcttcgtttaaaattttggacgcttatctagcaagaataaacagcgaaaatccagataaaagaaccgtagtttttgagaagggtgagattgaaaagcttcttggtgttacaaaaattaacccacaagaccttgacaacagacttaaaaatctttttcagcctgttgatttagcaaaaggcagtagtaagaagattcatagagtttctctcttcgaggaatcttatgcggaacaggatgataacggagtatggcaggcaaccttgacttgtactacttccgcaaaaaaatacttcttcaacatcaaggatattggctacctacgatatcggctccgaagcataatcaatattacaagcagatacagttacatcatgttcacatatctcgaaagcaaccgataccgtaaatcttgggaagtcgatttggatgaactaaaagaaatcttgaattgcgaaaacgatgaaagctattccaagtacaaggttttcaatgacagaatattaaaacgatgccacaaagaattgacccaaaaaacagaacttcgctacgattacgattcagtgaaaaaaggtcgtaaagttgtggcaatccgcttcacagtggaaaccattaaggatttgcttcaatcagacaatgaccagatagaaggacagatgaccatctatgatttcgagaacgaatacgaccgtgttctggctctgctgagtggagcttgtggtgaggaattttccagagaacagatggagctgattctctccaccatcagcgac
>gene_35034|Rep protein
gttcgtgtaactgaaatgaatcacattgttgaggttcaacatatggagcgcatgaatagatctaataacattcggaagttagacaaggatacctatctaaatatttctactggtgaggtattggagttcaagcagagtgaagttcgaagtgagagttttaattctttgcgtcaaacattcaaaaagatgcgttatctaatcaatgcgaacttccttggtgaagggaacgaattgcatataacacttacctatcacaagaatatgactgatagaaaagtgctttatactgatttcgataagttcatgaaaaagttccggtataagtacggaaaagaatacggatctattgattatatgacgattgtagaaccacaagaacgaggtgcctggcaccatcacttattgattagattcaatgattgtgtaggacagagtatttatgtacctcctaatgcggtagctgaaatgtggggacatggatttatcaagattaagtccttgcgtggtgtcgataatatcggtgcttatttgtctgcttacttagctgatgttgagttaaaagaggatacggatattcaaaaattagatggtggtatcgaggttaaaacagtagaggttgatggtcagaaaaagaagttcatcaagggtgggagattgcattattatcctagcggcatgaacctatatcggaagtcgaaaggcattgttatgcctgaaagaaaagacatggtatattcggacataaaaaaaatagtagggtcggctaaaccccactacaccaagactattgtcgtcgagcaggacgactttaagaacgtaataacctatgaacagtataacacgaaacgttaa
>gene_55527|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgcattatagcaccgaagtgaaactttgtcaatacaattttgtagcgacattttataacacacaagaaagcaacctccgaaaagtatcggaggatttttttatggctaaaattgataaggcacgcttctggactgctgtcctgtaccaagaaaatatgcgtgccgactggcaagaagagattggtgacatagtgcaaacgccttatgcttattgttgccatactcgagataaggacagcaagtcagaacaccgcaaggatcacgttcatattatccttgcattcccgaataccactacatacaaacatgcgatgaacgtgttcagtttgctttctgcagaaggcaagaaagctctgaataagtgcgaggcggttgttggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctgatacacgatacagatgattgccgaaaaaaaggcaaggagctgtatcctgctgatgcacgaataaccggcaacaattttgatattggatcctacgagcagttaggaaccgccgagaaaaacgctatgttcatagagttgagtaatgctatcaaagataatggcattttcaactatatggacttttacgagtatgttgtcaatacatacgaggacgtcaattacattgaggttatgcgttgtcacagcagtcacttcaaccgtctttgcgatgccaattatcagaagtggcagcagggccgtttaagtgtggatgaaagtggtgttttagtgtccgtcacaagtcaaaacacacaaaaaacacacttaaaaacacacacagaatgctgtccggaatgtggttctattggcattataaaaaacggcaaaacccttgcaaatactacacgttggcgttgtagggattgcggaaagtcgttcgtctga
>gene_27706|Putative replication initiator protein
atggccagacgtagaaccgaaaagcaggagcttgccaccagtgccgcccgagaactgtccgtagtgaaaagggacgacatgatacagcatgcccgattctccttaaccatccaggaacaacgctgcgtcctttatgctatcagcaaaatcaagccggaggacacggccttctcggagtacacgttcgagctgaaggacttctatgccctctgcggcatcgaggatcagagctacacccgtctgaaacagaccctcaaaggtctcgctgacaagagttggtgggcggtgatcgacgacaacggcacagagagtctgctccggtggtttactacgctgcgtactaataagcggtctggtaaagtgacggttgagtttcacaaggacatgatgccgtaccttttggaacttgcgaaacaggccagagaccagggagccttttatacccagtatggactgaagtacgtgctacccatgagaggccagtatagccccagactgtatgagctcctcaagagctaccagaagaataatcaggaatggtacttcgatacggacgagctgaagagagttctggactgtcagagttacaagaacttcaatgacttccggaagcgagtccttgatcctgcaatcgaggaaatcaataacttcacggacttgaatgtggcctttgatgtggaaaggtctggaagaggaggtaaagtgtccagggttattttcttcatggccggtaaagggaagcagtctcttacggaaacgagtctgaagatctaccgtcaccttgatggtcaagtgtccattgatgacttcatcaaggacttcaaacagagcgtccggggagagttctgggctgcgaacccgtttaccccagacgatccggaggaatga
>gene_6987|Plasmid recombination enzyme
cttgctccggaacgtgaccaatgtaaattcatcaccgaacgcacagaaaacctaaaagcacttaaacgaaaagatgtaaatgttcttggttcgtgggtcgttactgttccgcaagaatgtcctgaagaacatcagagagagttctttgaagaatgttattctttcttggagaataaatacggaaaagctaatgttgtgtcggcttgggttcatatggacgagaatactcctcatatgcactttgcgtttattcccgttgtctatgacaagaagaaagaccgtgaaaaggtatcgtgtaaagaatgcgtaacgaaaaaagacttggaacgctttcacggagaattacaatcttgcttggataaatggagagaagcaaatgaatatgaattcgattgtaatgttctgaatggtgctaccgtcaatgggaataaaaccatcgaagaaatgaaaacggaacaattagaggcgtataacgataacgtgacagcagaattggaagaggctgtattcaagctgtcagacatcagtaacgagattgaagaggcttatacgaaacgtgagagccttaataagagcctttcagacttacgctcagatatttctgccttggaaagtcagatcgttgagcgtaaggacgagttagaggtcttggataaggcattaaaagaaaaaaaggctgaggctgtatcttcgggcttgttctctgattccaatatgcaagagcggatagaacgagcaaagcaagagcaagcccgtgaacgccgtcagagcctcttagaacgctttatagagcttccgcatatcaaacctttatgggagcggttctgtgcccttgtagagcgtcagagagggcgtgagagccataaggacaaaggcgatagattgtga
>gene_41815|Replication initiator protein
atgattaaagcaagaatttttaacattatgcaatatgtaaatcatcctgaaacaggagaacctttgctcaatgaagatacaatcaaggaaaccttgaaaagaaaaggtataaagaattgggcatatgttcttcacgataaagatgtttactctcaagcagatgaagaagcagaccctaaccataagcaaggtgatgtaaaaccacctcattggcatatagtcttgcaatgtggttatgcaatagaaataggaactattgcaaaatggttaggaatagcagagaactttgtagatattccaaaaggaatgggagctggtaagttccttgattgtgtggaatatctaacacacgaaagtgcaagacaacaggaacttggaaagcatagatatgcagatgaagaaatcaatgcaaacttcgacttcagagcaaagcttgataagagaaatgaaaacaaggctatctatggtaaagacttggatgaaaaagaacagttgagatatgatgttctttaccttggtaaaacattaagacagtgtatagagcaagatagacttctttatatggatgactttgaaaagcttcaaaagcttcgtatgcaatacattgctatgcaaagaccacctaaaacaagactcaactactatgtaacaggaagaggtggagtaggtaaaggtcttatatgtagagcattagcaagaagtatgtatccacatctaaaagatgatgaagacatcttctttgaagtaggtgcaaaaggtgcagcttttgaaggatacgatggacaacctgtaatcatttggaacgatagaagagcatacgaccttttacaagaacttaagggtagaggtaatgtattcaatgtatttgatacacaccctact
>gene_34754|replication initiation protein
atgggggtcagcatggctaaaggtgaaatcgtggaacctcgcgaaatagtcaaggccgacaacgcttttttccgggtgcggtgcaaggtgaaaaatatcatcgcaacccgcatcgtgatggcgttcgcctcgttggtagacgaatcagatctgaatgaaaacaaacgctttttgaaatacaagatagatgcagcatcgattcttgacggaatcgatgctggtggaaactactacaatcaactccgtgaagctgcatacactctcattgaccagaaactagagcaaaaaaagcataaaaatcactttaaagtatacactcttttctcaacgatagaatatgaaaatggaatcatcaaaggagaatttcactctgatttgcttcctttctttctaggactaaagaagcaattcacaagaatgtctttaagacaatatttaaaactcccaagtatctatagtcaaaaaatctttggctatctcacatcatgggctggaactccagaaatcgaaatttcagtatcagacttgcacgaaatgctagatacgccagaatcttttcgtaaggatttcagacaattccgcatcttcgtcctcgaaaaagcccacaaggacatcacggcccttacatctctgcgttacgaatgggagccggttaaaaaaggccgggccgttgttgccgtgcgtttcatttttgcaaagaaacgcgctttgcccgtggaaaagaaaaagcaggatgacgccaaagtaaagcagagccgtgcaaccagtgaagccttcactaccgccatagcctgctatcaggaacgtggaaacgaatgtcggggtgggcatcagaaagctgaggtctgctccctttgtcggcatctctatccacgccaagagtga
>gene_34245|replication initiation protein
atgggggtcagcatggctaaaggtgaaatcgtggaacctcgcgaaatagtcaaggccgacaacgcttttttccgggtgcggtgcaaggtgaaaaatatcatcgcaacccgcatcgtgatggcgttcgcctcgttggtagacgaatcagatctgaatgaaaacaaacgctttttgaaatacaagatagatgcagcatcgattcttgacggaatcgatgctggtggaaactactacaatcaactccgtgaagctgcatacactctcattgaccagaaactagagcaaaaaaagcataaaaatcactttaaagtatacactcttttctcaacgatagaatatgaaaatggaatcatcaaaggagaatttcactctgatttgcttcctttctttctaggactaaagaagcaattcacaagaatgtctttaagacaatatttaaaactcccaagtatctatagtcaaaaaatctttggctatctcacatcatgggctggaactccagaaatcgaaatttcagtatcagacttgcacgaaatgctagatacgccagaatcttttcgtaaggatttcagacaattccgcatcttcgtcctcgaaaaagcccacaaggacatcacggcccttacatctctgcgttacgaatgggagccggttaaaaaaggccgggccgttgttgccgtgcgtttcatttttgcaaagaaacgcgctttgcccgtggaaaagaaaaagcaggatgacgccaaagtaaagcagagccgtgcaaccagtgaagccttcactaccgccatagcctgctatcaggaacgtggaaacgaatgtcggggtgggcatcagaaagctgaggtctgctccctttgtcggcatctctatccacgccaagagtga
>gene_54681|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggccagagtagcaaagtacagccgggcggctgcggggcatctgatcgctcactacgagagacgtcaggtgctcaacaagcagaccggagagatggagtatgtccggttcggcaaccgagacatcgacctgcagcacacccctctgaactatcgtgtctggccccctctggacatagagaccactgacgtcagggggatctatgtcagccaaaggctcgaagacctttggggggagctggggccggacgctgatccggaggagccggcgatcgaccggttccggaggatcttccgagacaccaggcacgccaacaggcgtgacctgaagtgtctctgcgactggacgatcgcccttccggacgagattccgagcgagcggatgcaggagttcttcgactgctgcatgcggtatgcggtcgcagagtacggagctgagaacatcgtgggcggctgggtccacgtggacgaagcccaccggccgcacctccatgtggctttcgtgccggtcgtgggtaccggtgaggatcgccggatctgcgccaaggaggtgcttaaccggaagcacctccagggctggcatggcggcttagtctctctggtacagaagtccatgggcattcaggagccgggcatcctgaatggtcggactctggcccagggcggcaaccgcactgtgaagcagatgaaggctgcggacaaggcctatgatcgcaccaagggcaaggaggttgaccagtggcggaaaacggcccacaaggccctccaggccgccgagaaggcaggaaaggcttcctccctggacaatctcatggtgtcggccagagagcgctcagaggcccaattaaaggccaccaagaaaagatccttcttcaagggtcgataa
>gene_29015|Replication initiation protein
atgccccagagaggaagaaagccaaagaatctgaccatagacaagtccgaaaccgtccaaaaggcaagggatatgcaggtctacaagagtgatgatatggtgcagaaaggccgtcataggctgacgatccaagagcagcggtgcgttctctatgccatttccaaaatcaagccggaggacacggcttttcaggaatatgtctttgacattcagcttttctatgatgcctgcggcatccaaaaggaaagctataccgagctgaaagcgattctgaatggcctgtctgataaggcatgggacattcctttgaaggatgacccagacaccatcacacgagttcgctggttctccacggtgagaaccaataagaaaaccggaaaggtgaccatcaaattccatgaggatatgatgccctatctactggaagtcaccgcagacggcaagttctacaccagctactatcttcgcttcgtgctgccaatgaactgccagtatgccccccggctctacgagctgctgaaatcctaccagaagaacaaccggagatggttcttccagctcgacgagctgaagcagaaattaagctgcgagcattaccagagattcccggacttccggagatgggtgcttgagccagccgtcgaggaaatcaataagtacacggacattaccatcaagcccatcattcagaaagaggggcgcaaggtcaccaagattgagttccttatggcgaagaagtcagaacagaaactgcgagatgccatctatgagggcaacatcgttctggatggccagatggatatagaggactatgcagcagtcttggagcaggccgcagccgagctggacgaggaaaaagagttctggagggagaatggcctatga
>gene_7056|replication protein RepB
ttggtatcagaagaaaagcgaaacctgataaggaaaaggattttagagggtatatcaaatcaggaaatagctgatgaattaggtgttggtttatcaacagtaaaaaggataaaaaagaaaatgcctgcatctttgctggggagcgttgacacaggcgatagctcaatcatctatgataataccacaaggctcacaaaaatagaagctcgttttacagaaaaacttggtaaagaaatgtggctttatgaggatattgaagagggttggtgttatcatcttacaaagtctgattatcgtctcaaaacatcaggaaactggtggtcagcaatagtttatcccgattcagcaccggcagattggattgaaaaattaaggaatacaggattaaggattgctatatctcctttacacgataaagacaaatggaaccatgatagccctgaagtggtaaatcccgatacaggggaaataatcgggaaaggtgaaagatataaagcgggtgataagaaaaaggctcattggcatattatatgcgtatctgatagccgtatgagtgcaagggatgcaaacgccactataaggagatgtacaaatggtccttatgtccagaagtgtcgctcgttaagaaatgcctatgattactttttacatatcaacgcacctgaaaaatatcagggatatgataaaggggaaattaagatatttaataattttcatctggaacctaataaatacgaaacaggcattttacagagtgaaattatcagaatgatacaggagcataatcttgatgaatggtataaggtcatggaatttttccttgattctcctgaatatatggttatcatctgttcaaagcctggggctattacaagttataca
>gene_19589|replication protein
atgggaggtttttttatggcaacaaaagttacgaggaattgggaatttgttctgtatcctgaatctgctccggagggctggcgggaacaattgcgtgaaatgcatgtgccttattttataagtcctcttcacgacaaggatgtgcagtttgacggaacaccaaagaaaccgcattggcatgtgattctgatgttctcgtccaataaatctgttacgcagatgcaggaacttgcggagaagttgaacgctccgtcgcctgccatggttcagtcgttgtctggggcggcgcggtatctgatacacaaggatgaccctgacaagtaccaatatcccgcctcacaagttgaggagtatggcggggtatcttggttggaaatttgtgccagtacgacagatactcgtcaggcgatgcaggagctgttcatgattatccgtgagcatgacatccgggatttcgacgtgctgattgataagctgattgatatgcctcggctggacctgctgtggattgcgacggaaaagcggacattggccgttactgcttatgtgaacggtcgatggaaacgtatgagaaatattgaggaacaggaagagaaggcccggttgaagagacaacatgaggtggcgtatgagtctgtccatgaagctcattatctggcagccattggtcgtatcattcgtgatacaattaagtcaaatgaggggactccgccgctcatgtggtctgaaatgaaagaacatatcaagggtgcgttggttgatgccggatattctgccgatgcgttggaagaatacgaaaagaaaaacggcattaattataagttgcggtatgagtctgatactgggattgatgttatgaacggaaagacctataaggaggattga
>gene_44116|Putative mobilization protein
atggactgtctccatgttactatctatcgttttttgacctgttggaaaggaaagaaaaagatggccaatctccaaaagtacaaccgttttgccgctgccaaaatccttgggcacaatgctcggcagcatggcacttactccaaccatgatgttgaccttagccgtagccatgagaatattacttacatcaatcacggctatgctggatacaaaaaacggctgtctgaggtctactgtctcaatcggaaaaatgtcaatacccttggtgaagtcatcgtcacgcagccgaaagaagtaaaccggctcgccgccgatcagcaagatcgcctttggcgggaaatcatagattttctttccaatcggtacggagctgccaatgtaattcaagcaatcgttcataaggacgaaggcggccagccgcacctgcatttttgctttatcccggttgtgccggatgcaaagcacggcggcgaaaaagtctcgttcaacgacaaatgcagcagaacagactaccgcacttttcatagagatttagaacgccacttgaatagctgccacgattcgcccttcttgtcgtctgttcttcgccctgaccctatccgcaaagtcctacgctgtcaagtcgggcatctgtaccatacgggcgtgacggctgcccaaggtggaaattgggatgtgaaatcggttaagcacgagcaggagcttaacaatctgcgctgccagcttagagccacccagtaccagctcgacgtcgccaatcaaaagattgaaagtctcgaaacaatcatttcgcagcaggaactgtggcaagagaagcaagtggagcaggagcaatcacttgaactgaccattaaacggcagaaagagattgagtgggagttttag
>gene_37277|Replication initiation factor
atgttcaaactctctttcacgttgggtggaaagggagtttttattatgagaaaagttactgtaaagcttgatagaatcactgtttcgggggtattacctaattggtccttacaagacattcatgatgaaacgggtttggtaccacgtgacggtgccatgtttttggaacgcgaggataaagacggtaacaaggaaaatatggcgtttatggcagaaagcccctttcagcgtgaacactggcgcttagattttaacccagctaatttgacggtagatgaaacggcagtgttgggacgtgtgattgataacatggaacaagcccattttactcggttagatattgcgtttgacgtcttcaatgacgatttagccatgaagtatcgagtttatcggtttaatacgcgtgaagatgtgattgagacgattaagggacgtagtaagagcgtagaaaccatgtattggggcgctcgtaaatcagaccaacaaattcgcttatacaacaagttggttgagcagaaaaataagcaaaagccaattccggatgatgtggaaagttgggcacggttagaattacaattacgtggcaagaaacctgccgattggttgaactcagcaactgaaatgctaaatcaatttaaattagctaatttacaaaaattaaatccaaatgaccgagttattctgcatggtttgctgactgatattgttgaatggcatgatttcaacaaacaaaagcaagccaagtatcgtaaaatgattaaacaatcggacggttttgatacgaaattagccgacgaaatgaaacaagttttagccgataatcttgatgaattacaagcagaattaaacggctatttagctgattttgatattcaaaaatag
>gene_12829|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcgaatatgatgaagtttactaagatggaggcgttggcggtgatcgctcatcaggagcgaacatgcttaacgcacagtaatgaaaatatagatccggagcgaacacagtataactatagcgtgtggccatacgataatccggatcttgttggagaaaagcacggttgggcgcgattgacgaaacgtctgagccaggttaagtacttgcaccgatccgacgttaatgttctcgttgagtggacgatacacctcgggacagacgtgcctccaggttacgacaacgaagaggaattcttccgagcgtgcatgaagtattgcgagcacaagtacggaaccgagaatatctgctatggtattgttcatgaggacgaagagaactctcacctcactgttggtattgttccggtggtaaaaaagaagcgcaagcttcgcgataatgcaagtgaagcatccaaagcggagtatgcggctgcaatggctgcagggaacaccactgtcgaagtagtggatgctaattcgcttatcaacagaaagcatttgcaagattggcacagtggattgacacagtatctgattgacgagctcggctatgatccagctgtgtacaccggcattaccgaagagttaggtggcaacatgtcggttgaacgattgaaacatatgccgcccgattggcgtgagcagcgcaacaagagagctgcagcgtttcatgaagctcgacgtgcaaagcttcagggtagaaaaccaagcattgaaactacaatggaattgagcaaaaaagacaagcctcaagctgtgctgcagacacgtgagcaagcaggtgagagggcagaaagtattgacgatataataaaaaagtccggtggaccggtatggtaa
>gene_54841|Putative Mob protein
atggcaacgatagcaacacataatggacatacattttcactagagcataatagaagagatagaagaattactgataaagaaaaacatatagacccaaagggagagcataaggaatggcttaaaacatatcaagataagtctatgagggagatttatcaggagatttttagggagagtgtagaagaatacaactcaagacaaactcgaagagatagacaaataaaggactactacaaagagatacaagaggataagaaaaagcatatagcctatgaaatgattgtgggggtatatgatgagggtgtagacgacaagaccaaaagagaaatcctatttgaatttgctcaagggtggcaaaagagaaatccgaacttgaaaatggtaaattgctcttatcatcacgatgaggaagggaaagactctcacctacatataacctatatccctcttgctcaatgtgataggggaatgaaaatgcaaaactcattatccagagcattggtgcaacaaggaatagaaaagagcaatagcatacacgaaacaccacaaatcttatgggagaagagagaaaatcaggtattgcaacaactttgtgagcaaagaggaatagaggtgcagcatagtgaattttatagaggacacgaaagcacaagcaaatataagcaaagacaaatcacaaaagagaatgagaaacttaaagaagaaaataaagccttggaagagaaaaccaaagccttagaggagagagtgcaagccttggagcaatcaattaaaaggggagaagaaaaactatcaagggtaaaagatgactatatagacgaagtgcatacctatgcaagcaaggaagccaaagagaaatttaagagtggcttagaattttag
>gene_52135|Mobilization protein
atggcaacgatagcaacacataatggacatacattttcactagagcataatagaagagatagaagaattactgataaagaaaaacatatagacccaaagggagagcataaggaatggcttaaaacatatcaagataagtctatgagggagatttatcaggagatttttagggagagtgtagaagaatacaactcaagacaaactcgaagagatagacaaataaaggactactacaaagagatacaagaggataagaaaaagcatatagcctatgaaatgattgtgggggtatatgatgagggtgtagacgac
>gene_26431|Putative Mob protein
atggcaacgatagcaacacataatggacatacattttcactagagcataatagaagagatagaagaattactgataaagaaaaacatatagacccaaagggagagcataaggaatggcttaaaacatatcaagataagtctatgagggagatttatcaggagatttttagggagagtgtagaagaatacaactcaagacaaactcgaagagatagacaaataaaggactactacaaagagatacaagaggataagaaaaagcatatagcctatgaaatgattgtgggggtatatgatgagggtgtagacgacaagaccaaaagagaaatcctatttgaatttgctcaagggtggcaaaagagaaatccgaacttgaaaatggtaaattgctcttatcatcacgatgaggaagggaaagactctcacctacatataacctatatccctcttgctcaatgtgataggggaatgaaaatgcaaaactcattatccagagcattggtgcaacaaggaatagaaaagagcaatagcatacacgaaacaccacaaatcttatgggagaagagagaaaatcaggtattgcaacaactttgtgagcaaagaggaatagaggtgcagcatagtgaattttatagaggacacgaaagcacaagcaaatataagcaaagacaaatcacaaaagagaatgagaaacttaaagaagaaaataaagccttggaagagaaaaccaaagccttagaggagagagtgcaagccttggagcaatcaattaaaaggggagaagaaaaactatcaagggtaaaagatgactatatagacgaagtgcatacctatgcaagcaaggaagccaaagagaaatttaagagtggcttagaattttag
>gene_49529|RepB protein
atgagtgattacaaatggaacaacaaggtagttcaagcaaatcaatttgttagacaaagttataacactttgaaagggttagagattaaagtttttgataatctagtcagttgcatagatacaatgcaccctaaaaccacaatcaagttaaccaaatcagaactagcaaaagcaataggtatgcaatcagataataattacacttatgttaagcaaagccttaaagctcttttaaatgaaacttggtctttcactacttcagaatatcaagagtatagacattttttagaacgtgttaggtggtattacaacgaagatatggttgaagttgagtttcataaagatatattgcctatgcttgttgatttaaaaactaattttttagtttttagtccttttgatttaaattatttaaaaagtagatacacaatgattttgtataaatatattttgtcttacattaagcaataa
>gene_28161|Replication initiation protein RepB
atgagtgattacaaatggaacaacaaggtagttcaagcaaatcaatttgttagacaaagttataacactttgaaagggttagagattaaagtttttgataatctagtcagttgcatagatacaatgcaccctaaaaccacaatcaagttaaccaaatcagaactagcaaaagcaataggtatgcaatcagataataattacacttatgttaagcaaagccttaaagctcttttaaatgaaacttggtctttcactacttcagaatatcaagagtatagacattttttagaacgtgttaggtggtattacaacgaagatatggttgaagttgagtttcataaagatatattgcctatgcttgttgatttaaaaactaattttttagtttttagtccttttgatttaaattatttaaaaagtagatacacaatg
>gene_54516|Replication protein VP4
atgcacgaagcggcctattgtgaaggcggttgctttgtcacgttgacctactcgccggaatattgcccgaaggattaccagttgcgcaagagggacttgcaagatttcttgaagcgtctgcgccgctcgattgactatcacggcaagggcgcgattcgtgctttcttcgccgtcggcgaatatggcgaaaagtttggccgtccgcactatcaccttctcattctcggttggtcgccggatgacttggtgcttcacggcgtgtcttatcacggtgacaagatttacacgtcggccttccttgagggcgtttgggcgagaggtttttgccctgttggctccgtcacgggcggctctgccgcctatgtcgcgcgctattcgaagaaggcttctgcgccaaatcatggtcggcgcacaccgccgttcttcactgcttcgcggaacattcctttgacgaatggtaagcaaggcgcgcttggcgcgcagtgggttgtcgaccatcacaaagatttacgtttaggttatgtccatcacccttgtaagtcgggagttagatgcaggattcccgattactatttcgatttgatagaacgttggtatcccgaggagtttcggattctaaagcgtcttcgctttgattttgccatgggaaaaactggcggttgtctttttgttgacaacccttacacgcatgagcccgctatgtggtgcgaggacgtagacgggttgacggaatccgaaatgaaggaactccgcgaattctgtggcggcgacgatgatttgcaggacggtcgttctcttatcgagaggtgcaatgacgttctaaagcgggcggaacaggcgcaactccgttcgcttcttaaactacggcgcaatatggagtaa
>gene_803|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgagaaaagaaggaataaaaatggaattaagctacagcttacacatatcttcaaaaaaaaatgcaattacaaatataaataaaatagaacaatgttctaagcacaacttaagaaaatataaatcagaactatatgataaagaaaaaatagaaattctaatcggatcggaaaatatattagatgatgtaaagaaaatatataaagatgaatttactgatgtactagaacaatataataacaaacaaataagagaagatagaaaaataaaagattacttaaaacacgtttcagaaagtagaaatgatgtagcttgtgaaatcatcattcaaataggcgataaagatttttgggcagacaaaacaaatgaagaaaaaaaagaaatagaacctatattcaaacaacaaatagacaagctaagtgaaatatgtccggaatttaaaattgcgtctgctgtaatacactatgatgaatgctctccacacatacacatagttggtgttccaatagcacaaaattacaaaaaaggattaaacaaacaagtagctaaaacaaaggtatttacagcagaaagattaagcgaaatacaaagaacaatgcacgactatacaaacgaacaagtaaaagaatataagatattccaagaaatacaaataaaagaaaaagaaaaaggtcgtaataaagacattccaaaagaaagtttagaagaatattatcagctaacaaatgacaataaaaaattaaaagaagaaatcaaaaatttaaaaagtataatttcaagtcttaagacaaaaataacctttataaaagaatttctagctatggaacaagacctagatgaattagaaagagagcgaaaacgaaaacgtgataaaggtagataa
>gene_45134|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgagaaaagaaggaataaaaatggaattaagctacagcttacacatatcttcaaaaaaaaatgcaattacaaatataaataaaatagaacaatgttctaagcacaacttaagaaaatataaatcagaactatatgataaagaaaaaatagaaattctaatcggatcggaaaatatattagatgatgtaaagaaaatatataaagatgaatttactgatgtactagaacaatataataacaaacaaataagagaagatagaaaaataaaagattacttaaaacacgtttcagaaagtagaaatgatgtagcttgtgaaatcatcattcaaataggcgataaagatttttgggcagacaaaacaaatgaagaaaaaaaagaaatagaacctatattcaaacaacaaatagacaagctaagtgaaatatgtccggaatttaaaattgcgtctgctgtaatacactatgatgaatgctctccacacatacacatagttggtgttccaatagcacaaaattacaaaaaaggattaaacaaacaagtagctaaaacaaaggtatttacagcagaaagattaagcgaaatacaaagaacaatgcacgactatacaaacgaacaagtaaaagaatataagatattccaagaaatacaaataaaagaaaaagaaaaaggtcgtaataaagacattccaaaagaaagtttagaagaatattatcagctaacaaatgacaataaaaaattaaaagaagaaatcaaaaatttaaaaagtataatttcaagtcttaagacaaaaataacctttataaaagaatttctagctatggaacaagacctagatgaattagaaagagagcgaaaacgaaaacgtgataaaggtagataa
>gene_30501|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gtgaggaaaggagacacgcaggcaatgggagtgacgatttcgacgcataatggaagtaaggtatgcagggagcataacatacgcaacgaaaaggttgtcagcaaagaatctcatatcaagccgaatgggaattatgagatatggcatgatgagaagctttcggatgcgtataaccgattgttcggtaaggcattggcagactacaacgaaaagcagacaagggcagaccgaaagatagacgattatttaaagcacgttagagcagacgattctaggcatgagtgctatgaaatgattgtcgcaatcggtaattccaaaggagaaatggtggatgaggaacttggaagaatagccttgataaaatttgtatatggcgatgagaataatccgtcatggcaagaacgcaatccaaatttggagattgttggatgctattaccatgctgatgaagagggtgtacctcacattcacatagactatgttcctgtggctcatggatataaaaaggggttggaaacgcagaatggacttgtaaaagcttttcaagaaatgggattggaaaagcagggcaaggcaactgcacagattcaatgggagtcgagagaaaataagcttttagaaaaccttgtaaatcagatagggtatgaggtggagcatccaaaggagaaccgagagcatatccatacaagagaatacaagcaggcacaggagcaggttgaagtattccgaaaggaaatagataagcttgcaacaagttacgatttcgcccaaaattcgcttaaatcgacaaaaggcgagttgcagagccttgaaagaaaaaaaactgaaattaggggcgaaatagacggaattaaggctaagtctaaggtgctatcagaggtcgaagtagagcaaatcgaagtcaagcctgttccgttgcagaaagataaggtcattatagacaagcaggaatacgatagcctgcgaacaactgcacagctggtagacaatgttctcggtcagcttgaagtcctttcgagtgagcgagaaagaaaactgaaagcgacagagaacgagtgcaagaccatgattgctgatgcagagagtgaaattgacagaatgacaatggcaaagcagaacgaatggaacagactagaccaaaacatcgaagatgcaaaaagtaccttggagatgtaccaaaaggacattcgcaaggtcgaacgcaaggaaaaatctttggcgagaaagcagaaattgattgatgaatttatgggaaaggatgaaagtaagccttggttgagaaagccgagaatagctgaaagtttatttagtgcatgggatttttttgaaaaggctgacgaatccaaagataaatatagcaaggcacaggaagaagttctgtcagaatttgaaaataagcttgattgcctggttagtgaattggtggtagatagtagcataaagcttatcgaagtacagaaccaagaaagacaagcacaaacccaaagacaacgtgggtttgagtttgagagataa
>gene_52219|Plasmid recombination enzyme
gctgatgaagagggtgtacctcacattcacatagactatgttcctgtggctcatggatataaaaaggggttggaaacgcagaatggacttgtaaaagcttttcaagaaatgggattggaaaagcagggcaaggcaactgcacagattcaatgggagtcgagagaaaataagcttttagaaaaccttgtaaatcagatagggtatgaggtggagcatccaaaggagaaccgagagcatatccatacaagagaatacaagcaggcacaggagcaggttgaagtattccgaaaggaaatagataagcttgcaacaagttacgatttcgcccaaaattcgcttaaatcgacaaaaggcgagttgcagagccttgaaagaaaaaaaactgaaattaggggcgaaatagacggaattaaggctaagtctaaggtgctatcagaggtcgaagtagagcaaatcgaagtcaagcctgttccgttgcagaaagataaggtcattatagacaagcaggaatacgatagcctgcgaacaactgcacagctggtagacaatgttctcggtcagcttgaagtcctttcgagtgagcgagaaagaaaactgaaagcgacagagaacgagtgcaagaccatgattgctgatgcagagagtgaaattgacagaatgacaatggcaaagcagaacgaatggaacagactagaccaaaacatcgaagatgcaaaaagtaccttggagatgtaccaaaaggacattcgcaaggtcgaacgcaaggaaaaatctttggcgagaaagcagaaattgattgatgaatttatgggaaaggatgaaagtaagccttggttgagaaagccgagaatagctgaaagtttatttagtgcatgggatttttttgaaaaggctgacgaatccaaagataaatatagcaaggcacaggaagaagttctgtcagaatttgaaaataagcttgattgcctggttagtgaattggtggtagatagtagcataaagcttatcgaagtacagaaccaagaaagacaagcacaaacccaaagacaacgtgggtttgagtttgagagataa
>gene_42960|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcatacggaatcatgcgcgtagagaaacgcaaagcacaagcaataaaggggatacagaaagagaacaatcgcgagagcgcgaatttgcctcgtagtgacatcaagcaagagagaacgagcgagaatgtgtatctcgttcgttcttctgatgtaaggggcgatatagagcgatacatagcggagcacggaatcacacacacaaggaaagacgcggttaagatgcttgatacagtgtacacagcatcgccggagttctttaaggggaaaaacaaggagcagatacaagagtatttcaacgactgtatggcgtttcataaagcggagtttggagaccacgtaataaacgcggttgtacactatgatgaaacgacaccacatatgcacgtgttatccgttccgttaaagcaaaaatcaatgggagtagatgaaataggtggtgcactcgttccaagaccttcagagtggcgattatgtgcaaaggacatcttgggcgggcctgaacagtacagagaaagacaaaaccgcttttatgaggctgtaggggaaaaatatggacttgatagaggtgagtgtagtccgacacagaaacaagccaagaaacataaagaccaactaacgcatcgtatggagaaactacaagccgagttcgataaagcgagagaacaaggcatagataaaggtcttgaagaaggtcatagtgtaggagcaaaagaaggctttaataaaggttaccaggtcggacaagaaaaaggttttgaagctataaaggatatggtacaagaaaccaaaaaatacttagacgaagtaatagaacggataggagaggttgaagagttagaagccatagagcaggagttagacggcttcaacatataa
>gene_330|Plasmid recombination protein
atgggtaaaatatcaatgccacaaggtagaggaagtatgatgcataatcgtagagattacgaaaaatatggaaaagaagttccttcaaacatcattcaagaactgacaccttttaacataacctttgtggataaagaaatccgagaagcttatgatgaaatctttggcgaagcattagctgaatacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagcagatcggcagatagacaactactatgaccacatcgcaaaatcgaagaatggtgagaagctcttttacgaagatattttgcaatggggtgatatgggcgattttgctaataatgctgaaaacagagcaaaagcaaaggaatgtcttaccgaatatatatcttcttgggaagaaagaaaccctaatttgaagcttatcggcgcataccttcacgttgatgaagctagtccacatttgcacatagactatgttcctgtcgctacaggttacagtaggggtttatctatgcgtaactctcttgataaagctatgaagcagatgggttgtattccagaaaaggaaagcagaaaaaacaacgcaacaaaagtatggaaaaacagagagagagcttttttcaaagaaatatgcttatcaaagggattagaggttggagctgaacaaaaatctgaacgagaaaatttaactgtggaagaatacaaagaaaagcaagatgcgaaagctgtgctagaagtgtgcagcgaagctcttgtaaatgttcagaacctcgaacctaaaaaggatttattcggcaaagaagaatatgtaaaggtgtcaaaatccgatttagagaagattaagactatacaagtagttaatgaaaacacatttgaagccgttaaatcggcaaataaggctcaaaaagaagcagaggcatataaaagtgcccttaaggaaaaagaataccgtataatcgaaagagaggttgatgttcagctcgcagaatataatgttgaggttcagctaaaggaaatcgacaaaactaaaaccgaaatcaaggagcttgaagctgacaacttaataattgccgaaaggcttgtatctatgacaagcgaaaacgaaaagttaagagctgaaaacaccaatctagctaacaaaaacgcaaaccttgaaagacaaaacacccttttaagcaagatattagcaccatttcagcaccttttatcgaagttcaaaaaactatttgaatttcaagaggttcttcttgatcctgaaagcgaagcttccaggagaaatatgaaatttgccgagctgaaaggctatgaaagtcaaggtgtttatgctaaatatgatgttcttcgccaacaataccattactattgggataatcgcaatggagataggaatagttgtgtagttaatggcttcttgccattagcaagagaagtagctgatgaatatggcaatatggatatgcttaaccaagatttgttaagtgaagctctcaacattgaacagaaatatgaaaatcaagaacgaggtagaagtagataa
>gene_19615|Putative Mob protein
atgaaagtatcgttcgcaaatcatgaagctcatactagcatagccaaggttaaaagacacattctgcgggaacacaagccacataacgtagaggccgaaaaagaaactattattttgcatgacgaaacactacaagaagcatacgaaaaggcatacggaaaagccttggcagactacaacaacaaacaaaagaaaaaacatcccgagagatgtatgacgccagcagaataccttcaaaaaatcatagaagaagaaaagtcgtatcagcctggtgcgcgccatccttattatgggtctatcatccaagtaggaaataaagacgaccccatgaaagatattgaagtcctaaaaaatctttataacgaatggtacgacagaaatagtaaatatatacatgtaataagtgccgtcatacatacagatgaagaaaatttgcatattcatgtggaatggtgcccgactgcacatagtactcgtggactatcaattaaaaattctgtcagccaagcacttactcaactgcttgacgaacacggcatacatataaaggaaaaaagtagatataacaatccttatttgtactgggagcagtacgaagtaacgcagatggaaaaaagttgtcgagaaatgggattggatattgaaccctccgaacagattgtacccacacaagagcgtcttgaagaaataagaaatggcacacataaaccatcaaagtacagaccgatagaaaagtatcgttctgaaaaacaaaaagaagcagctgaacaaaaaattgaagaagccaaccaaaaagttgccaaggcaaaacagctgatcgatctagtacgtaagtatgatgaacaatcagaacgtgacaacagagaacacacaagatga
>gene_30613|Rep protein
tcctgctctccttctgtcccaaagacagagggggagaaggaagtatttaaacaagataataagagaagaagtctttatcgttcattaaaaaaagtacatggaatagttagaagtaatcacgggcaatatggtgaatactccaaatttataactctaactttcgcagaaaacgttacggattttgaagtggctaataaagagtttaataattttattgatagattgaattatcatgtatacggttataaatgcagaaagttagtttatttgggagttcgtgaacctcaagaaagaggggctatacattatcatgtaatattcttcaaccttccgtatattaaaatgcaagtattagataacctttggactgaaggtagtaataatgttagtgctatcaaggataaaactaatgaattagaagatgttcaagatgttgctagttatgtaacaaaatatatgagtaagtgtttttatggagatgttgaagtgaagggtaaaaaaaagaaaactttctatttcgattttgaagtatggggtaataaaaaagcttattttacaagcagaaatataaagcgacctagtgaacatagattgaattttgttgaatttgatgaaaatattttagaggctgttgcaccttattatgaagaacatacaactattgaaccagtagaaataagcgaaggtgtttttactagaaaaatagataaggtattatataagagtgttccttttagtgtgtgttcatatattggtactatgttaaagtattgtactgatagatttgttaaaagagattataactttaaaattcataaaagtatattaatgaggcagaaaagatactttgagccttgtgatttggcttgggatttttaa
>gene_42723|Replication protein
atgagcgcatatgaaaaaccaaaaatatttagccacacattagattttgaagaacgcatacaattagcagaaaagcaaaactacatagcagtaaaagacaataacacaatacaaaatcgtcattttataaacggggatagggaacgcggaagcctgacattaaatgagcaaaaaatattattgtgcttaataagcacaataaaacctgatgatacgcattttacagaacagatattagatattaaagaattttgtaaaatatgcggaatagataatattgacggctccgcatatagacgcataaggcaaaatatagaagatttggcgtgccgtgtaatgtggttaatagatgatgagaaaaaaacggaaacgcttgtacgatggttatctacttgtgttatagataaaaacagtagtaaagttagattaaaattagatgataatattgcaccctatctcattatgatatctaacaattacacgcgcataccaatacatagcattgttagaatgaaaagcaaatacgcaataatgctatttgagttattaaaatcatatgaatttcaaggctcaacaatacaatttagcattgaagatttgaaaatgcggttagattgtgagcaggaatacgacaatttttataatttcaaaaagcgcgtaattgaaaaagcaatagcagaaataaataaatacacggaattacaggttgaagtgaattacatcaaaaacggaagagcatacacagatataactttttatatccgtgatttatcaagaaggcacggcgcggaagatattgaagaattagagcgcagatacaacacagtagaagatgaaatattaggcgaacaatatacgctatttgaggatatgtaa
>gene_7523|recombinase, partial
atgaacataggcatctgtcgggtgcagaagattcctgcaccaaaggatattgccggtattcagctgcacaaccggcgcgagcgtgaccacagcaacacgaaccccgacatcgaccgtgctcgcagctcagagaactactccatcatcgtgaagccgataggagaaggatgcaggatactgaactgcttcggcaagggtttgcaagatactggcaaatcatataatgcattgattgacgagcgcattgaagccgggtataccggaaagagggctgttagaaaagatgctgtccgatgctgcgaggtgctgtttacggcttccggtgatttctttgaccagcatcctgatcaaagagaggctttctttatggagtgcgtagtgttcgccgcaaaacgatttggagctgctaatatcattgctgcgacggtgcacatggatgaggacacgccgcatctgcatcttgacttcgttccattgacagctgatggccggctgtctgcaaagtctgtactgggtggccgtaaagaaatgcagcagctacaggacgatttcttcgagcaggttggtaaaaagttcggcttagagcgcggaacacgcgccgatctcgatgatccagacgccgatcgcccccgcaagcatcttaccgtgcgcgaattaaaggccgaaaccgaagctcaactgtccgaacagcagcaattaatacagcaacagcaagagatactggatcggatgcaagaacaggaacagcagcagttggcagcggcagaagcacagctggctgaacagcaaaagaaactggaacaaatgcaagagcaaggcagacgaaccgaggcaaacaatcgcaggcacgaggaatactttgataagctcatg
>gene_34713|Replication protein
atgacagatcagcaggcagcattggagaagctgcgggcgctatatagggagaagaatgctcatcttcggcagtatctggagccggtggagccgtatgagttctatcgggagatctttccggaaggctcctttgagcgcagaggccactttgaggacggaaagggaaacgctattgcgctgaccgtcccgcagaagcaggatagtcaggaaaatggcgttgcgctggagatcgggagtaacggaaaaacgaagcaccatctgatcacggacgagctggaggagttgagcgagatccagggcacggactttacgatcatgtccccaatctcctattttgggcggcagcgcagggggcagaatgcccggtatctctatgcgatggtctttgatctggatggcgtagggatgccacagcttcgggacacgctgcatcagatgaacaaggacattattcccaaggctaccttcgtggtaaacagcggaaccggcctgcacctgtattatgtgctgaccgagccgatccctatgtacccgcagaatcagaagattttgaaggaactgaaatatgccctcacccggcagatatggaacaggtttacctcgtccatcaaggagccgcagatgcagggtgttttgcagggattccgtgtggtcggaaccagctccaagctggggaaggactatcctgtggtggcctatcggtatggcggtgcggtggagctggagaagctgctggactatatcccggacagcaacggagagcagcagcgcatagaggctctcatgcgaaagagccgcctgtctctggccgaggccaaagagaagtacccggactggtatgagcgccgggtggtgaagaaggaacgccgggggcgctggacggtgaaacgggatctctatgactggtggctgcaccggatcgctgacgagattcgtgtagggcatcggttctatgggattatgacgctggccatctacgctaagaagtgcggcatagaggaagcagagttgcgccgggacgcttttgccctgctcaagccctatgatgatatgagcgtggaggacatcaaccgttttacgaaggacgatattgtgtgtgctctggagatgttcaacgaggactatgtgacttttccgagagatgatattgccaagctctccggcatgactatgccggtcaacaagagaaactggcgtaaacagaaggtacatttacaaggcgcgagggcgattcaagaaatcaatgatcgtgcaaatgggacggattggagagaaggaaacgggaggaatagagcagagagtgaggtaattgaatggcggcggcagcatccagaaggacgtaaggca
>gene_37420|Replication protein
atgacagatcagcaggcagcattggagaagctgcgggcgctatatagggagaagaatgctcatcttcggcagtatctggagccggtggagccgtatgagttctatcgggagatctttccggaaggctcctttgagcgcagaggccactttgaggacggaaagggaaacgctattgcgctgaccgtcccgcagaagcaggatagtcaggaaaatggcgttgcgctggagatcgggagtaacggaaaaacgaagcaccatctgatcacggacgagctggaggagttgagcgagatccagggcacggactttacgatcatgtccccaatctcctattttgggcggcagcgcagggggcagaatgcccggtatctctatgcgatggtctttgatctggatggcgtagggatgccacagcttcgggacacgctgcatcagatgaacaaggacattattcccaaggctaccttcgtggtaaacagcggaaccggcctgcacctgtattatgtgctgaccgagccgatccctatgtacccgcagaatcagaagattttgaaggaactgaaatatgccctcacccggcagatatggaacaggtttacctcgtccatcaaggagccgcagatgcagggtgttttgcagggattccgtgtggtcggaaccagctccaagctggggaaggactatcctgtggtggcctatcggtatggcggtgcggtggagctggagaagctgctggactatatcccggacagcaacggagagcagcagcgcatagaggctctcatgcgaaagagccgcctgtctctggccgaggccaaagagaagtacccggactggtatgagcgccgggtggtgaagaaggaacgccgggggcgctggacggtgaaacgggatctctatgactggtggctgcaccggatcgctgacgagattcgtgtagggcatcggttctatgggattatgacgctggccatctacgctaagaagtgcggcatagaggaagcagagttgcgccgggacgcttttgccctgctcaagccctatgatgatatgagcgtggaggacatcaaccgttttacgaaggacgatattgtgtgtgctctggagatgttcaacgaggactatgtgacttttccgagagatgatattgccaagctctccggcatgactatgccggtcaacaagagaaactggcgtaaacagaaggtacatttacaaggcgcgagggcgattcaagaaatcaatgatcgtgcaaatgggacggattggagagaaggaaacgggaggaatagagcagagagtgaggtaattgaatggcggcggcagcatccagaaggacgtaaggcagactgtattcgagaaactgggttgagcaagccaacggtttataaatggtgggacagcgagccgcctgcggtgaggcaggaggacggacacatggtggcacgggtgcggccgtcacaggcattgagtgatctgctggtggatgccttgaaaaagagtgaggattag
>gene_55591|Putative replication initiation protein
atgaaatgcgccaatccattgactgttttaaatccgacaacaggtagttatattgaggtgccatgcggaaagtgtaatatatgtcaatccaaccttgtagccgattggggcatgcgtctacgctatgaagcccaagactctaaaagtttattttttataaggttgagttacgatgatgagcatttgccaatgtgcaatggcgttcctacccttgataaatccgatttacaaaagttctttaaaagagttcgtaaggctggtgttcaattccgatacttcgctgtcggcgaatatggtggtaagcatggacgccctcattatcatattctaatgttctgtcaaaatcactatgagtggcacgaaataagagaactaatatacgacaaatggttcagacagaatattcatatagacacagcccgtgaccttgtacggcttgcccattacactggcaagtattgctttaaaaacgacaacagagttgacccagctaaccaagtcgctccgtttcgcgtagtaagtaaaaagcctatcttaggtcatcagtatttggacaaattcggtacatttcataagtcgcatccagagcaatttaggttcttgtcggtagaatcacgacccaatagccctcgtaggctccctctcgcttttcagcgtaaactattcgctgatgaaactatgcacacaaaaattaaacgttcacaattaaacaaaaaagattatgaaattacaaatcgtattaaaatgggttcaattggcgtaccaagtaatcaagagcgtcttagaactcatcttcgagaacaaagagaagaactcgaacgaatcagaagaacaagagaacaagtaagaaagtctaacacggatagggatttgtaa
>gene_37997|Replication initiation protein
atggctgagaggcaactaccattgcccggagaaatcgtcaaaaaatcaaatgctcttgcccgtgcccgctggtctgctgacagtgtgtgggagccgcgtttagtcgctcttctagcgtctaaagtaaaacaagatgatgaagactttcaaacatatgaaattcctattagggaactaataggtcattctaaaaaaggagcaagtggcaaaacatatcaggaattaacaaaagtcgtcgaacatcttatgggacgtattttaactatacatgatagtaacggaagagggtggacaaaatatacagtgtttagtaaatgtcgatataggcatgaagatggaatgcttgaattaagatttgatcctgatttaaaacctcattatcttcaattacaaaaaaattttgttaaatataacttaatggaatttttattacttccatcaatatattcacaaagattatttgaatatctaaaatcatggagttctgaacatgagcatatagaatcaattcataatttgcatgaattattaaactgttctgagtcatcaagaaaaaactttgctgaatttaaaagatatgtacttgaaaaagcccataaggatatcagtgcgcatacgtcattgcgctatgaatgggaacctgtcaaacaaggccgtgccgttgttgccgtgcgtttcattttcgcaaagaaacgtgcgttccccgtagaaaagaaaaagcaggatgacgccaaagtgaagcagagccgtgcaaccggtgaagccttcactaccgccatagcctgctatcaggaacgtggaaacgactgccagggaggccaccaaaaggcggctgtttgctctctttgtcggcatctctatccacgttcggcgtaa
>gene_27737|Plasmid mobilization protein
atggcacgagtagcgaagtaccaggtgagagcagcggggcatctgattgcccattacgagcgacgtcagcagctcgacaaggccactggcgagatggagtatgtccggttcggaaaccgtgacatcgacactcgatggacgcctctgaattaccgggtgtggcctccgctgccgatggaggacaccgacacccgggaaatattcgtcagccaggagctgcaggacctgtttgacgtcaccgggcaggatgcggaggaacccgccatcaagcggttccggaggatcctccggaacacgccccacgccacccggagggatctgaagtgcttctgcgactggacgatctcccttccggacgagatccccgcagagcggatgggcgagttctttgacgtctgcatgaagcactgtgtccgggagtacggtgctgagaacatcgtgggaggttgggttcacgtggatgaggcccatcggcctcacctccacgtggccttcgtgccagtggcaggatccggtgaggatcgccggatctgcgccaaggatgttctgaaccggaagcacctgtccagttggcatggagatctggcagctcgctgccaggaggacatgggcatccgggaaccgggtgtcctcaatggccgaacggctgcacagggcggcaaccgcactgtgaagcaaatgaaggcctctgacagggcgtatgaccgaaccaaggggaaagaggtcgcccagtggcgcacgaaggcggagaagactctccaggaggccgagagacgtcaaaaggcgaacagcctggataacatgatggtgagcgcgaaggatcgcgcagcagcccagttgaagcagccgaggaagaagggcttctttgaacactaa
>gene_17202|Plasmid recombination-like protein
atgaatgcgattattaaaccagcagaggcatacataaatagcatgagccacgaggaacaggttaaattccttgatatagccgtagataagttcatggacatgcaaggcagagatagattcaaggaaggacgttctgctgtcgtttatcactttgatgagcaaggtgctcacgcgcatttgttttggctgccaattgtttatgataaaaagttggaacgtgaaaaactatgcgccaaggagtgttgcaacaaaaagtggttaaacgatgttaacaagaaattccctgagtttttacgttcaaagggttacgagatagaggatgctgattgttgggacgtggatatgacttcagaacaagctcaggagctcatagaacgccgtaaaaacaaaaaggcaggaagaacatcgcatcagtacaaaactgagcaggataagctaaataaagagctccagaagcacaaggacgaacagctggagaagattgaagctgatgttcagaaagtcgttgatgatattaagcctggtctcgctgatctggagcgcaggattgaactcgtatctctgcaaactgatagattaaataacacgagcatcaatcctgcaagtgttccgaaagagtcgcaggattttattatctggtgcatgaatcactttaagggcgtgcaggagaatatcgaaaattattgccgtggtgtctaccagcgttttatggaacgacaggagcaggctaaaaagaaagagctcgagaaagtatctcaagctacaaacaatttggacgacaagattaggggtgctgggaaagtcctttcggagcatccgaaaaaggacttctgcagcaaggtgattcggaaagatgaacgagagttagggcactag
>gene_30065|Rep protein
atgtattatatcacaagcgaagcgccttgtcaagttttgattaacttcgggaaggtgaaacgattgaacaaagagctaaacaaagtgctagttgaatactttgagcaaaagaaccaaaaagcaaaagcgaagcgcgttaaagagtgcgctgacgttatctcatggaaggtgtttaacaatgcgcccgattacacccataagctagacacaataaacttatgtcgggagagattgtgtccgaactgcgcaaccgcgaaagcgcgaaaaaaggcggttgagcttttttctgcatttgatgaattttttcagaaaaacgatgtgatattcgtaacacttacaacggaaaatgtaaaaggggaaaagctacgcgaaacggttgaaaacctgacaaaagccttgaaaaaattcttgcgccgtatgaaatgcaaagaatattttaggagtaccgaaataacatacaacgaaaagacagatatgtttcatccgcatattcatctcattatggcgggggtagataaagcgaacatcaaaaaaagagtaaaggaagcatggacggaagaactacacaaattcgttagaaccaaaaaagcatatgttataacggacgtaaacccttgcccagaccaaaacatggtattagaattatgcaaatacataaccaaaccaacggacgtaactgcaaagacagttaagtggttagatacgttgagagacttacagttgaaaaggggaagcaaaagcataacaaatagggcaaaaaagaccgagaacgagtacaaactgaacgaaacaagagaaattaacgagttgaagaaaaactttgatttcagtgtaatttcttacatttgggacggtcaaaattataatagggggtaa
>gene_16692|Replication protein
ttgtatctcgtccatcgcaatgaccccgctaaatatcaatatccgcctgcagatgtacaggcaagctttgattatgtcaattttgcggacgattgccccgtaaaacaaaaacgagataatattgccgtgcttattgaaaaaggcgagataaaagagtataatattttccaatatgtgacgatagacgagtactctcgcaataaacgatattaccaaaactgctttgagtatagacaaggcaaattgaaagggcttaacagggatatggaatgcatttttattacaggtggtagcggtacaggcaaaagcacctacgccaaaatgatagcaagtcaaaagggctatgcaacatatatttcgagcggtggcaaaaacccgcttgataactacaaaggtgaggagtgcattatacttgacgatacccgttcaagtacttggagtttgacggactttctcaagctcacggacaaccacaccgatagccttgtaggttgccgatactataacaagtcaatagcggagtgtaaattgcttatagtgacatcttgcaagaaccttgacgagttctacgagaatgcaaccaaagaggacggagaaccgaaaaaacagcttttccgacgctttagcctttatatcaagcttaccgatgagcttatgtatttagcttattatgacgagcaggagaaccgccataaacactcgcttacaaccaaaaaccctgttgctatgttgttccgtcctgccgttgcaaaaaaagcctgtgaggacttcgcaaaagcaatgggacttgagattatcaacgaggacaaagagcccgcggacaactcgccccgctttgagcaaatagaggtaacggacgagctaccttggtag
>gene_27548|replication initiation protein
atgacaccttggggaggagaacagatggaaaaacagacagattgtgtaatcgataatctagtaatctatgtctataatgtgagggtttctggttttgatttcttcaaacaaaaattggataaggctgaaatacaagggaaaattcctaatgtgcgtctaacgattggtaaagggtattcagagtatcattacagattgaacattggtcaaggtgctggagccattacaatcggttataaacataattctattcgtcatagtgaggagttctttaacatgcgtatagaatttaacccttcgaaagataacgggctgtattcgggattctgggacatattcaaagaattgtttttcagtcacacgaagaaaataaaacaggtggactttgcatttgatgtgcctatccaaattaatcggctgtttgctgtttcgaaaacaggtcggcaaaggtcgtattataaaaatacgcaatactttggctcatcaggtaataacggtcgtttgaaggtatacgacaagaaaaacgagttggaagaaaaacagggtgtgaaggtgttagatgaacatcgaacgagaatcgaatatacacttcgtatggaagagccgataacactccaatggtttagtaaagtgaacagtaattttcgtgaagagtacacgatcgctgtgctgaacgaggaaaaattaacgggtgaaattaaagcagcggtgcttgcaatacatcatggttacatgaaaataaacgagtttacgagaacaacaaaaacaaaaataaaaaaagcgttggatagcatggaacaattggacctggaccaagcatatcataacgctcttgagagaaatgtaaagcagatttcttcgtactttaaataa
>gene_44115|initiator RepB protein
atgacaatgccgacattgaaaggcaaagagcttgtcgagaagcgcaatgttctgaacgaattgagaagcggaggaatgacgctgcaagagctgcgtttcttctcaatctatcttgcaaaaatcaatgcaagagatgtcaatagccgtgtagtgcggttttcggtcaatgacttccagcggattatggagcttggtcgaatgaagatagaccgcttcaaagtaacgacagactcgctgctgtgcaaggtggtacacttgccgcttgataatggcggctatacctcgttccaactgttcaaggaatgcacggtcacgcagagcaaaaatggtgagtggtatgtagagatagacgcccatgacaaggcgttgcccttgttctttgagttcaaagaccgctattttcgctatgagctttggaacgcgctccggctgcggtcggctaatcagctccgtatgtacgaaatcctcaagcagtacgaagcagccggtcagcgtgagttgaccgtgccggagctgagggagctgctcggcatcgcgccggacgaatatccacgctttgagcgctttagagttagagtgctggacgcttgccagcaggcattggcagaaacgaccgacttgaaattcacctacgaaaaggggcgttccggcgcgggcggaaaatggctttccatcgtgttccatatcgagaaaaacgacaactacatagaccagctctgtctcgatgagttcatcgccacgcagccggatcggcgcgaagatgaccccgatatgcctccggctccggctattacacaccccgtccgaaagactgccaaaaaacaagcagatgacagaaacgcatggatgaagcagtacacgaaaaaaaaataa
>gene_6490|Initiator RepB protein
atgattgacaagaaaagtataattggtataatgagggaaaactatctttcaatggagaaatctatggttgatttacaattacaaaacgaccaatactatttagatgaagtcgttcaaccacaatacaacaaagaccttcttgtgatacaggcgaatgaattagtgcgctcacagcaagacagtttaacactactggaagcaaaattagttagattggcaatagcacagattttaaaaaatgatgatgatttccgcacttatgaaatagatataattagtcttgccaagttgctgaaaatagatagatataacatttatcacgaaatggataaactgacaacggacttaatgcgtaagattatctatataagggataaagagagcagcaagaagaaagaaaattatattaaacttcattgggtagatacggtaatttataaagatgggattatcacttttaaactttctaatgaattaaagccgtatttattaggattacaacaactatttagtctgtatgcttatgaagaccttatagaattgcctacaccaaacagtataagattgtatgagttattagtatcataccagaatatgaagtataggggaatacatacaaatcaatataatggtattgaaatagaagatggagagatagtattcacattagactatttgagaaagttttttaattgtgaagatacttatactgataacaatagtttgtttataagaaaagtaataaagagtagcattgataatataaataaaaaaacagtaatgagagtaagttttagaaccaaaagaaaagaaaataaattagcgtatattatttttaagtttcattctattggagaagatatagaacaatga
>gene_32385|43 kDa relaxation protein
atggcaatatcatattttcattgcgaggaaaggcaaaaccgctcggctgaacaatacgaatataataccagaagtggcaaatttgaaggaaaaggaaaagaagatttggtatgtagtgggaatgcaaatcttcccacttgggccgaagatgatcccaaaaaattttgggtagcaaacgacaaattcgagcgtggcacaaagggcaaatctatcataatcgcccttcctaatgaaatgactacggaagaacttaaacggctcatgacgaaaactgtagataaactgtttccgaatcatgtagtatcttggagcatacacgacagtgtcggcccgactggaaagagaaataaacacgcccacattcaggtttgtgagcgattaatagaccactctcggccagaaccaacggccgagcaatattttaaaaagacccgaacaaagaaggatggaacagtgtcgggcggttacaaaaaagatgtggctatgactggaaaagaccgacaaaaatggcttgatcaatcgaagcgacaatggattaagctttgcaacgaagaaattcagaaaatagaagaagtcagacggcccaaagagataaaaatggtcagatctaaaaaaagatccatacatttttcacgccgaacttggatggcagcttttagaaattcggcacgaaaggataattttttacgtactcagttggaccatgacctatatccgatattggtaaaaaggcaggtagcacttaaaaagaagttagatgattggatgccacaagcaactatgagtgataaggtaacatcattcgtctggcatccatttgataaaaacaagcgtaataaaatgatatggacataccggcaaagcagaatg
>gene_2266|protein rep
ttgatacattggcaacaacttcgatttaaaaaaacggctcaaacccttgcggctctaagcaaagagccgattttcaagggtaaaaaccgtcttgacaaagaaaaacccctggtggtaaactgcgattgtcacaccaacagaatacatacccagggggattttcttatgcttttgtacgacaaccatatcacgccgaccttagattgtcaagaggttggacaggctctcagtgacaaatcgcccaccgggcgggaacgcccgtggcgagcgaagaagcaggctaacgagctgctgtccggcatctatgaggacatcaatgcccgcaaggctgtgcggctggcggagtgcgccgacttcttgacctttggcatcaaagaggacaatacgctgaagctgaagcggatgaacagctgcagagtgcggctctgtccgctgtgtgcttggcgcagatcgctgaaagtgcacgcccatacggtacagatcttggatgccatgcagggcaactatgcgtatatattcctcacccttacggtgcggaactgccatggcgaggatctatctgcagagttggacaaccttatggcagcatggaagagactgagcgagcgcaaggcgtttcggacggctgttaagggctggtatcgcggcttggaagtgactcataacatcaatccggaatctgcgtcttacgatacataccacccacattttcactgccttttggcggtcaataaaaattattttggcaagaactacatgaccaaaagcgactgggcgcagctgtggcagaagtccctgcaggtggactatgagcctgtggtagacgtccgcagggtcaaaggcagcagcagcgcagcggtcgcggaagcc
>gene_21010|RepA
atgaccttcgagaacgtcttcacagaccactggctaccagccaagcccctgtgcgccaaccgcaaaaacggcagctacaagcgccaaacccgcgcccgcgctctcgaacacgcctacatcgaaaccaacccactcgccatgcagtccctcatcgtcaccgaccacgacggggcagacgctgacttcatcgcagacctagcaggcctcccgcagccctcctgggtagccatgaacccccacacccgttccgggcacatcgtttacgccctcaaagcacctgtctgcctgaccgatgcagggcaccgcgccccggtcaacctgcttgcccgcgttgagcaaggactgacagacgttctaggcggggatatcggctacggcggaagaatcaccaaaaaccccacccacaccgcccacatgcccctctggggcacctcagaagccctctacgggctcaaagaccttgctaaggctcttggggacgtaggagccctcccagcgcctcacaggaacgctcagacggtcttagactccacggtgggcagaaatgtcgccctcttcaacctcacccgccaatgggcctacagggcacgtttacgctacacggacttcacggagtggtcagagacggtctacgcctttgcttcgatgaagaatgcttcggtgattgctgatgagttttctcgtggcccgatgggtgagggtgaggttgctcagattgctaagtcgattgcttcgtgggtgtggacgcggattactcctgagcagacggaggctaaccgcaaacgatgggcagagaacctagaacaagggcgcacacagaagatgaaaggacgtttagaagtgctggaggaaatgaactatgagcgctcttaa
>gene_55488|MULTISPECIES: replication protein RepB
atgagcctattgaaaaaagtaaatccaaataaaagcgtagcttttaaaaatgagcttcttacaagtccctacaaaaaacaccctgcattatctttgacggtgccacagacgaaaatgattctgtatctggtaagtcagattaacatgaacgacacagaatttaagccggtgcaggtgaattttattgacttctgcaaagagtttaatatctcttataaaggcggtaacaatagagagcttttaaaaaacaatgtgtatagccttatgaggaaattggtagagataaaagaaggttctgcagtgtcaatttatcactgggtagagaaagcaaaaatcgactttaaaagccaggtgatagaattaactctagcaaatgctatgcgaccgtattaccttgagcttaaagaaaattttactacctatcagctcggttatgtttcagacttcaagaacaaatacagttttttactgtatgacattctcaaacgttggcagaattacaacaacggagaattttattgtaacgttgataaacttcgtgaggatctagcacccggcaagtatccagatatgcgagattttaacaaaagagttttgaagcctgccttggctgaaatcaacgaaaaaagcgaccttatagttaagtgtggttttgtgaaagagggcaaaaaaatcaaaaccgtttgtttcttcatctcgcagaaagacacaaagacattgaatgaaatacaatcaacatggaatgatgattttgatttgtattctgcagaaaaaaggattttcgaagaactagagggacaaatgctttttgaagcatttgaagatgatgaggaagttataacaagtgacgagctggaggaagaaggtgtgtaa
>gene_56912|protein rep
atggcaaatgaactgctgtcctacgcttacgaagaggtcaactcacgcaaagccgagcgattacgaggctgtggaggcttcctgtcctttgcggtgaaagaggacggcaccaagaagctgaagcacatggacagctgccgcgtgcggctctgccccctttgtgcgtggcggcgaagcctcaaggttcacgctcacacaaagcagatcctggacgccatggagggggattacgcctacgtctttctgacgttgaccgtccgaaactgcaccggcgaggaactgtctcccaccatcgatcagatgatggcagcatggaagcggcttattgagcgcaaggcctttcggaaggccgtcaaagggtggtaccgaggacttgaggtgacgcacaacgtcaacccaaagtcgccgtcttacgacacttttcacccgcattttcacacgctactggccgtaaataagagctattttaccggtcgggattacttatccaaggccgagtggacaagcctttggagagagtcgctccgggtgtgctatgacccggtgctcgatgtgcgccgggtcaagggcagcacgagcgcagccgtggccgaggcggcgaagtacaccgtcaaagacgccgattacatcatcccggacgactgggatctgaccgtggatacggtcaggatcctggatgccgccctggatgggcgccgtctggtggcttacggttttgccatgaaggagtggcacaggatgcttaatctcgatgacgaggttgacggcgatctggtgaatgtcggcgaggaggaaaccaacgccaagccaacggaccgggaggagatgtacttctggcacaccggctacagccagtacatacggcgcaattga
>gene_41011|Replication-associated protein G2P
atggatgcacgcatcatggctacgctgaaattataccacaacggtctaacggctgggatttcccctatgaagaataatcacgtccgcgctaagcgaggcgaggtcaagggatggtctccaactgcttcccgcaacaacactaaattccttcgttctgttcacgtccctgaccttaccggcgcggctgtcgccttcacgcttacgatccgtgactgtccggaaacgtcagaagactggaagaaactccgtgaggctttcattgttcgcctccgccgcgccggcatggttcgccttcattggcttactgagtggcaaaaacgcggcgttccgcaccttcatgggatcgtttatttcccttttggatacgagcctggcacggttgttagtgcctggctcgcagtcgctgagcggtatggctgctcttggaagtcgcaacactgcgttccgatcactgatatgcagggttggtttttgtatttggctaagcacgctggccgttctgagactcactatcagcgcaaccctgagtttgtgcccgcaggatgggctaaaacgggccgtgtgtggggttactgcggtgattggcccacagatacccccttcgagctggaaacctctcacaaggcgttctgtgcgttcaggcgcatttgccgcggctggcgtcgtgctgatgctcggacttcgaatattgggactcgtgcgcgccggatttcgtccgctcgccgtatgttgaaatgcaatgatcgcagaaaatccgaggtgcgtggcgtctcagaatggatcccgctcgatctctccctgactgctggctactggtgcatgggtatgcacccaatgccagacgaagaacgccgccagattgaaatctga
>gene_57354|Replication protein
atggcagggcaaccaatgtatctaaaagagcgaataaatgaggagaggtctatgtccgtatacaaacgtgacgatatgatacaaaaaggcaggttcaagctatcagtacaagagcagcgagctgtcctttatgctatcagcaagattaagccaaccgactctcatcttactgagtacacctttaaaatcaaagatttttataaaataataggctggaacaaggaaagctataccgaatttaaagccctactgttagccttaaaatcaaaaagttggtgggctgaaattgacgacaacggtaccgagagtgcggtcagttggttttcgaccgttcgttcaaacaagcgttcgggtattgtcactttgaaatttcacgaagatatgatgccgtttttgctgcagcttacggaacagggacagttctacacgtctttcaatctcaagtacgtccttccgatgagctcaaagcatagcccacgtttgtatgaaattcttaagagttatcagaagaataacaacctttggtacttcgaaaccaacaaacttaaaaagcttatgggttgcgaaaactataccaatttcaaagattttcgcattcgagctttagaccctgccgttaaagaaatcaacgaatataccgacctttgtatcggttacagggcaataaaagaaggcgtgccggtaacgcgcatcgagttctatatggacgagaaaacactgcccgaaaaattggacaccgaaaacaaaataaacgaagtccttgacggtcagcttgatattttcggctacctcgaggaaaaccgagacagcgccaaaactgaatttgtcaaacaacgaatggcagccaaaaaagctgcagcaaaaaaataa
>gene_42168|Replication initiation factor family protein
atggtctatgcagaatattttgcaaaatgctcttctaatggtgttttggaagtcattagacaagttcatgagaagtttcccgaacaacgatatgaagagtatctcgatagaaagcctagtagtcgatatgacttttatttaaacaacatagtttttggtggtgctcatatcgatattggaaaatatcgtaattttgataaagcaacgaagagttggaacctgtttgatatgtttcagcttcgtgtaaaccctaacaagtatatgaatgacgcttggtttgctgaattgttgtctgctcttctttctgtcggaactagcggttatttgcgtaaatatgattatgctattgatatacctttggctcccgaatacgtcgaagttattggaagtcgtaaagaaccaggtctttataaaggcactcgttattttggacaagctggtcagcatggttatttgaaagtgtataataagcaaaaggaacttcagcaaaagtggaagaaagactttgtacagcctttaacacgtgttgagtggacgcagaagtgtgttagtgctccgtctcttgatacagttgccgtatttgaccctacggtcttaaaaactgattataaagagcttaacgatacagacgttgcaattgttcagatgtacttgttgcttaaggaaaatggtatttcatacgatttgaagttaggacgtaaaaagatggataaactaaaagagtatatactcggctcgtatatacccttaaagtatgatttgcttgatggtctgctcgtagacatcaaaaaagcatttgaacttgtagaaagtttaccacaagaagaaccgctcttacaagatacaaatgaagaactgccgtttgaataa
>gene_51027|Pre/Mob
gtggggcggaggggcaaagcggtccggggtgccacctcggccgcctgtccgggcgggtccggactgggtgagcggagcgagggcgaagccctattgacactcagttatcgcttgcggtacaatgaggtcaatccacagaccttgcttgcaaggtctagtggattagaccttgaaaaggttgcggagggaattatgagcaaacttgcatatcacgtaggacattataaaagcggcagcgtgagagggctggcgctgcacaattgggaaaagcgtagcgataaggatgcgcacagtaatcaagacattaatccgactcaaagctatctgaacgtgcagctgattgagcaaaaccaatcactctataccgccattaaaaaagacatccaggagcgatgtactgggcgagtgacgtcagctagtaattggctgacagagactatcgtttatccaccagatgacatcttagatgaccgcgaaaaatgcctcgcatttttcagtgacgttctttcctggcaccgtcaagagtttggctcggaaaacgtgaaatcttccgtagcgcactttgatgaaactacacctcatctgcatacggatctgattccgatgacgtcatccggcaaattgagcagcaaggaagttttcaccagaaagaaccttaacagacatcattcagagctggcaaaattccttcaggaacgaggttggaatattgagcgtggcgaatcaacgaaagataaacaggtcagagccaaaaccgttccggagtacaagaaggatgctgaaaagatgaagcgtgaagcaattgaagagctatgccaggctatcgaggaaaaacatgaaattgaggactggatggagcagattcca
>gene_350|Mobilisation protein MobA
atgagagtatcagcacaaaactcgaggggtggctcggcaaagcacaatgaccgaaattttgacctggacaaagcgacacacattgacctcgacagaagcaaggacaacatttttatcagctggagagggagacagagtgagagctttgaagctgatgagttgctttactatgagcaaaattttcggcttgcacttgatgaaaaaaatgctaaagctgtccgacaaggtcacgctgaaagagtcaagactatgacagaatttttatcatcaaaaaaaacctgtccagaggaaagtatctaccagataggagacaaagacacacacgcaacacacgaccaacttttgaggtgttatcaaaaatttttaagctttcaactcaactggtcgagggagcatggcgaccctttcaaagtgcttaattcagccttgcacatggacgaggcaagtccccatgtgcatcagcgcagagtatggcagtatcatgaccccgagggaaagttacaagtcggacaagaaaaggctctaaaagaggctggtatcgagcttcctgacccccaaagtcctgaaagtcgatacaacaacagaaaaattacttttgacaagattatgcgtgaaaaatggctagatatatgccaagagcaaggattggatattgagagagttcctctttgtgatgggagacaccatctagacaaagaagattttataaggcagaagcaaaaggacttgctcaaagagactgataggctgatagaaaagcatgacgctctagtagatgtaataaccagtatgcaaaaagatactttaaaaacagctaaaaaaattcttgctgaacaccaacgcagtgaaaggactagatga
>gene_32842|Replication protein RepB
atgacggaatatcaacgtgccaaggcaaagatagcggaatacgaacaattaaggttttggaaagatgacgcagagaaacaaagaaatcaattagttgtcaagtcaaatgaattgatacaaaaaagccggtttagtctttccgcattggagcagaaaataattctttatatcataagcaagataaagccagaagatacagaattgaaagagtattgctttgatttgcgggaaatgtgccgtgtttgcggtatcagttatagcggaaaaaattatttgaatttcaaagacagcataaaggctttgcgtgataagtccttttggattgaaacgccaagaaaactatataccgtttcgtggattgaacgagtagagatagacaagtatcagacaacggttagtgtcaaattggatgataggcttttaccgtatctattgaatttgcgggagtgtttcacgtcctatgaattgaattatactttgcttatgaaaagcaagtatagcatacggatttatgaattgcttaaatcctacgttggtataggtgtctttcatatcggcattgtagatttgaagaaacttttacaatgcgaaagttatagcgaatacaaagagttccgtagaaatgtcattgataaggcattgaaagaaataaacgaatttacggatttagagattgaatatcagcagataagagagaatagagccgtttcagcattgctatttaagataaaaagaaaagacgatatagatttgactattcagcgggttaaaaataatatgctattagacgcgggggtaaaggaataa
>gene_18530|Replication protein RepB
ttgttgctttttccacttttggagagtagaatagagccagacggaaaggcaggaacaacgactatgacagaatatcaacgtgccaaggcacaacaagcggaatacgagcaattaaggttttggaaagatgacgcagagaagcaaagaaaccagttggttgtcaagtcaaatgagttgatacagaaaagccggtttagtctttccgcattggagcagaaaataattctttatatcataagcaagataaagccagaagatacagaattgaaagaatattgctttgatttgcgggaaatgtgccgtgtttgcggtatcagttatagcggaaagaattatttgaatttcaaagacagtataaaggctttgcgtgataagtccttttggattgaaacgccaagaaaactatataccgtttcgtggattgaacgagtagagatagacaagtatcagacaacggttagtgtcaaattggatgataggcttttaccgtatctattaaatttgcgtgaatgtttcacgtcctatgaattgaattatactttgcttatgaaaagcaagtatagcatacggatttatgaattgcttaaatcctacgttggtataggtgtctttcatatcggcattgtagatttgaagaaacttttacaatgtgaaagttatagcgaatacaaagagtttcgtagaaatgtcattgataaggcattaaaagaaataaacgaatttacagatttagagattgaatatcagcagataagagagaatagagccgtttcagcattgctatttaagataaaaagaaaaggcgatacagatttgactattcagcgggttagaaataatatgatgttagacgcgggggtaaaggaataa
>gene_36717|Replication protein RepB
ttgttgctttttccacttttggagagtagaatagagccagacggaaaggcaggaacgactatgacggaatatcaacgtgccaaggcaaagatagcggaatacgaacaattaaggttttggaaagatgacgcagagaagcaaagaaaccagttagttgtcaagtcaaatgagttgatacagaaaagccggtttagtctttccgcattggagcagaaaataattctttatatcataagcaagataaagccagaagatacagaattgaaagaatattgctttgatttgcgggaaatgtgccgtgtttgcggtatcagttatagcggaaaaaattatttgaatttcaaagacagcataaaggctttgcgtgataagtccttttggattgaaacgccaagaaaactatataccgtttcgtggattgaacgagtagagatagacaagtatcagacaacggttagtgtcaaattggatgataggcttttaccgtatctattgaatttgcgggagtgtttcacgtcctatgaattgaattatactttgcttatgaaaagcaagtatagcatacggatttatgaattgcttaaatcctacgttggtataggtgtctttcatatcggtattgtagatttgaagaaacttttacaatgcgaaagttatagcgaatacaaagagttccgtagaaatgtcattgataaggcattgaaagaaataaacgaatttacagatttagagattgaatatcagcagataagagagaatagagccgtttcagcattgctatttaagataaaaagaaaagatgatatagatttgactattcagcgggttaaaaataatatgctattagacgcgggggtaaaggaataa
>gene_17636|Plasmid mobilization protein (Fragment)
atggcacgagttgccaagtatcagataagagcagtgggacatctgatcgcccactatgagagaagccaggtgctcaacgagcagactggcgaaatggaatatgttaagtttgggaaccgtgacatagatccgaagtggacaccactcaactatcgagtgtggccacctctggaacagtcgatcgcttccgagcgagagctgttccagtcggatgagctgcttgagctctgggaaggcgtgggaacggatgctgaggaaccctctttgaagaggttccgaaggatcttcggaaacacgccgcacgcaaaaagaaaagatctaaattgtttttgcgaatgggcaatcagcttgcccgacgaaataccgatcgaacgaatgcaagagttttttgatctttgcatgcgctactgcgtacacgagtacggtgccgagaatatggtcggcggttgggtgcacgtcgatgaagctcatcggccgcatcttcacgtcgcctttgttccggttgtcaccgacaaggacggtaacaaaaggatctgcgccaaagatcttataaaccgaaaacatcttttcggatggcacggaggacttacagctgttgtccagaaggctatgggaatcgaaaaccctgggatactgaacggaaaaacggctgctcaaggaggcaaccgcacggtgaagcaaatgaaggcctctgacaaggcgtatgagcgttctaaaggcaaagaggtagacaggtataggaaaacccatctgaaggctctgacgcccgctcagaagctcgagaacctcgttgacgatgcagagtcacgtaaaaccaaaaaccttattcagccgaaacgaaaatcattttggcgcagcagcagagattaa
>gene_32687|replicase
atgaaccaattataccaacccgacctgttcttgcaagaccgtatcccgcacaagccatactgcaaggatttcaaagacgcgccgcaattggtgcgctcatacgcctacgccattaaacgccgatacatccaagtcaatccgccccatctacgcgtgttcatgctccatgatttggactatgacggcgcggctcttgcgtgggaagacgaaggattgcctatgcccgcatgggctgctgtaaaccgtgaaaacggccacgcacatattgcctacgcactctctgctcccgtccttactgctgactacggaggccgtcaggctgctttgcggtatctggccgccgttgaggccgcttatcacgcaaaattgcgctgtgatgacggctttacgtctctgattaccaaaaaccccgaacacccccattggctgacgttgcgcggcgttcctgatgcgattcgcggctatgacctgccctatcttgccgaattcgtggatttggacaaatttaagccctatgtcggtagaaccaatcccgaagctatgggactgggaagaaactgtacggtgttcaatgtcgtcagccgttgggcatatcggaatatccgtgaattcaagtttgaatgcggcattcgtgaatggaaacgcgcggtactgcatcagtgccttgatgtgaacagtgatttcccttgccccatgatgttgaaagaggttcagtgcatcgccaagtctatcggtaattgggtttggaacaggtttgatattgcggccagtgataagcggttttcggaactgcaaaagcacagaaacggaatgcgtaaaacatatggcagcagaaaaactgtctcaaacattattttgcttggagattaa
>gene_19898|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatgctattatgagagtagagaagcgcaaaaggtcggcggtgtacggtttgcagatagaggcaaaccgaacagtgtccgaccgtggtcatgactttgcagcttcggatatagattgggataggacaaaagaaaactatcacttcccatatagggattgcactaactggaataatcgcatatcaatggaattgagggctgcaggcataaaagcacgcaaagacgccattgttatgattgacggcttgtatacggcttcatctgaatggttcaaaggtaaaagcaaacaagagataaaggatttctttgctgattgtctggcatttcatgaaaagcactacggtaaatgtatcaatgctgtggtgcatatggatgaagctacaccgcatatgcacgttcagagtattccgttgacacaggacggtaggctatctgctaaaacgattatgggctctaagtcagactattataaacgacaaaatgatttttatgagtctgtagctcgtgatcgtggctttgacaggtgcaagcaatcagatccaaagaaaaagagaaaacacctatcagttcaagactataagctacaacaagctgaagcaaagctcgaggctctgtctacggagtatgagtctatgaaacaggagcttttgaaatgcaggacagaactttcagaagttaagaaacaagcacttgaaatagctcttgagtcgtttacaaagaagatgattgcatatctatcaagtgatgatataactatcagtaatggtcaaagctcattatcatttaaggagtttttcaaacagaattgggagtcttacaagtcaaaacactttcccgatattgatagtcctgatatagagcgaacatag
>gene_27226|Replication protein Rep
atgagcgaaccctcccatttcagggaggttttttttatgccatcaagcaataaggcgaagcagaaggagtacgacgaaaagcgcaagctggacaggccgtataactggaatttggtctgctatccagatgacctgccgggagactggcttgaacagctgaaagctatcaccccgggcttttgcagtccgctgcacggtctggatgtcaatccagacggcacggacaaaaaagcgcattttcatgtaacgctctgcttcaaagcaaagatgccccggacacggttggtcgagatgctcggagaactgtacggggtacagggcgagagcatcaaggggattgcatcccctcaaccgtgcttgaatgtgacgggctctgtgcgctacatggcccacgccgacaatcccgaaaaagcgcagtatgcgcgtgaggagattatcgcgtggggcggtaagagcgtggacaaggtctggggtgatgatgacagtctcgtgagaggtcatctggtgagcatcgaagagctcatcgaggcgcgagaccttgtcgagctgtccgacctttcccgtgttctccgtgaggaggaacgctgggagctgtacgacgttgtcacgcgccgatgcacgacgtacataaacgcttttcttgcttctcgccgtcatcgtgcggaacgcatcgaggagggcaagaatgagcgtgctatcgagtgcgtggagctgtatgacgttcccgccgttccctgtgacccgaacacgggagaggtcataggggagctgaccagtgaagtgctgtcaagagacagtacgctggaggacagccccggaggggatggcctccgggcagctcttgacagcacggagggaacgccataa
>gene_49853|Replication protein Rep
atgagcgaaccctcccatttcagggaggttttttttatgccatcaagcaataaggcgaagcagaaggagtacgacgaaaagcgcaagctggacaggccgtataactggaatttggtctgctatccagatgacctgccgggagactggcttgaacagctgaaagctatcaccccgggcttttgcagtccgctgcacggtctggatgtcaatccagacggcacggacaaaaaagcgcattttcatgtaacgctctgcttcaaagcaaagatgccccggacacggttggtcgagatgctcggagaactgtacggggtacagggcgagagcatcaaggggattgcatcccctcaaccgtgcttgaatgtgacgggctctgtgcgctacatggcccacgccgacaatcccgaaaaagcgcagtatgcgcgtgaggagattatcgcgtggggcggtaagagcgtggacaaggtctggggtgatgatgacagtctcgtgagaggtcatctggtgagcatcgaagagctcatcgaggcgcgagaccttgtcgagctgtccgacctttcccgtgttctccgtgaggaggaacgctgggagctgtacgacgttgtcacgcgccgatgcacgacgtacataaacgcttttcttgcttctcgccgtcatcgtgcggaacgcatcgaggagggcaagaatgagcgtgctatcgagtgcgtggagctgtatgacgttcccgccgttccctgtgacccgaacacgggagaggtcataggggagctgaccagtgaagtgctgtcaagagacagtacgctggaggacagccccggaggggatggcctccgggcagctcttgacagcacggagggaacgccataa
>gene_37977|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_51953|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcac
>gene_53552|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_17618|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_1490|Putative plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatg
>gene_53981|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_14659|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_32220|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_712|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_18408|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_15937|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_55439|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtat
>gene_30312|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_50117|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_19302|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgtatgaggagcgtgcaccgcatacagaaaaaaatcacactgaagggagtgttagcaatatggcacacattgaaaagtttacacagtcggcaaccttcgcacagtttaagcatgacaagcgggacgactacacagcggaacacattgacccgaatcgcacaccgctcaactataaccttggaccagattgcgacccgtggaagtttgtcaaggacaaaatacttatgagcaaaaactctggcggtcgtattaataccagaaccgttgcaacggtttcatgtatcattacactgcccaaggactttgacggtgatgttggtctattttttgagaccgccaaggagttccttgacgacaaacttggtgcggataattgtgccagttgttgggttcattttgatgaacaacaaccacacatgcactggcgggggtgtcctattttggaaacaacaaaaacagacgaacaaggacacaccaagaccgtccaccaatttaatgccaagaaggtcgtcaataggtcaatgcttaaaaagttccataaagaattagacgaccaccttgccggtgttttcggttattctgttggtgttgtcaatggtgtatgcactgagggtgctctcaccgtgccacagttgaaaaaacaacaagcaaagaccgacaaactccgtgaggagtatgccaaacttgttggcgattataatgcccttgtgggcgattatagagcactttgcaagcaggtcaagaccttaagggataccgttgcaagattggagcaaaaactcaaagagtatgcacacatagcagacgacattcttgcagatgattcgcaaccagaaagaacaagcaccaaaggtgtcgaacggtaa
>gene_25951|Initiator RepB protein family
atggcaaagagaaagctatccgaacgccagcagaacaaggtcgaggctggccgccagatgaaggtctataaacgagacgatatgctccaacactcccggcatgacctgtcgatccgagagcagaaatccattctgtacgcgattagcaggatcaagccgacagacacggccttcgacgaatacaccttcgagttgaaggatttctacgccctctgcggcctcaaagacgaaagctacaatgagctgaagtctattctgatcggcctgaagtcgaagagctggtgggtcacgattgacgacgaagggacggagagtgccgtcagttggttcaacgtcgtgcgcaccaacaagcgctccggcaaggtaacaatcaagttccatgaggacatgatgccctaccttctgaaactggctgagcagggagccttctacacggcctacaacctgaaatatgtgctgcccatgagcagccagtacagtccccggctctatgagctgctgaaatcctaccagaaaaacaacctacagtggttctttgaaaccgaggaattgaagcggaatcttgactgccagaactacaaaaacttcaatgatttcaagcgctttgccattgagccagcggtaaaggagatcaacaagtacaccgacatcaacgtggcctacgacaccgagaccgaaggccgaaaggtgacgcgggtgatcttttacatggccggaaagagcaagtctgcccttttggatgccgaacgagaagcgactgagaagctggacggtcagatggacttcgacgaggtgatggcggcgctcagcgctgataccgtgaagaaacagttccagcgcgagaatccgattcagaaggagaagtga
>gene_56384|replication initiation protein
ggaggacaaaaaatggaaaaagtcgagtgcgtactggacaacttggtgctgtacactgacgaagtgcctttaggtgcctttggcttactagaaaagcgtgtgacgtttgcgcaaatgaaaggtttactacccaaagaaatacgtatgaacatagggaaaggtgcttcggaatatcattatcgcttgaatatcgggaaaggtgctggggcaatcactgtcagctataagcataattcagcgaagtccgttgatgataagtatacaatgcgtttggagttcaacccacaaaagagcggtgaaatgcatgtggaattcttcaaaatctataattctcttttttctaaacatccgaaaacagtaaagcagtttgatgttgcctttgatgtaccgcttaacattaacagtatcttcgcttattcgaatactggacgtgataagtcttatttcaaaaatacgctttattttggttgttcgggtaagcatggtcgtttgaagatatacgacaagaaaaaggagctagaagaacaacaaggcgttgtgaaggctgtagaacatcttacgagggttgagtacactgtgaagcttgctgatgctcttacagtgcaagttttgagcaaattagacttacaactaaacgaggaatacaaaatagtgtgtgtggacttagaaaagctttcaggggaaactaaagcgtgtatgttggctgttcaaaatggtgagatgcagatgaaagagtttacaaggactacgaaggcaaaaataaaacaagcactcgaaagcatggtgcaattggacctggaccacgcttataagaatgctcgtcaaaagattatcaaagatataacttcgttgtttagtataacttga
>gene_26070|initiator RepB protein
atgtggtgtaagggcaaaagaccacaaaagataggtctattccaacttcaagtacggaaaaaggagaacaccatgaatagcgaagaaagaatagcgattgagacaaaaagagaatatctcgtagtcaagggcaatgagctggttcagcagaaccgatttgagctgtctttgatggagcaaaaaacagttgcatttatttgctccatgataaagccaacagaagtcatggaaaaggcaagtgacgtaccttttctgctggaatatgagttcaatatccgtgattactgtaaagtatgcggtattgattatgacaacggcaagaactacgccgacataaaagcaactttgaaacgtctccgtgaccgctccatgtggctgactatgcctgacggttcggagagccttgtggggtggctggctaaggtgaataccaacaagaagagtggtgtagcaaaaataaagatagacgaggacttagtgccgtacctctttgatttggggcagaagttcacacagtatcagctttacaacatactggctatgaaatcggcgttttcagtgcgtatctatgagctgatgaagtcctacgcattccagcgaaccaaaacctttgagttggacgagcttaagcgtttgctcatggttgatgatgtgaagtcatacaaggatttcagccttttcagagccaaagtgctggaaatagcacagagggaaatcaatgagctgacagaccttaatatctactttgagccgataaccaaagggcgaaaggttataaaagtgaagttccgcattgagcagaaagaccccatggaacgtctgctggctggagcaacggcaagcgacagactgggcgcacttgaatag
>gene_14595|initiator RepB protein
atgtggtgtaagggcaaaagaccacaaaagataggtctattccaacttcaagtacggaaaaaggagaacaccatgaatagcgaagaaagaatagcgattgagacaaaaagagaatatctcgtagtcaagggcaatgagctggttcagcagaaccgatttgagctgtctttgatggagcaaaaaacagttgcatttatttgctccatgataaagccaacagaagtcatggaaaaggcaagtgacgtaccttttctgctggaatatgagttcaatatccgtgattactgtaaagtatgcggtattgattatgacaacggcaagaactacgccgacataaaagcaactttgaaacgtctccgtgaccgctccatgtggctgactatgcctgacggttcggagagccttgtggggtggctggctaaggtgaataccaacaagaagagtggtgtagcaaaaataaagatagacgaggacttagtgccgtacctctttgatttggggcagaagttcacacagtatcagctttacaacatactggctatgaaatcggcgttttcagtgcgtatctatgagctgatgaagtcctacgcattccagcgaaccaaaacctttgagttggacgagcttaagcgtttgctcatggttgatgatgtgaagtcatacaaggatttcagccttttcagagccaaagtgctggaaatagcacagagggaaatcaatgagctgacagaccttaatatctactttgagccgataaccaaagggcgaaaggttataaaagtgaagttccgcattgagcagaaagaccccatggaacgtctgctggctggagcaacggcaagcgacagactgggcgcacttgaatag
>gene_29729|Mobilization protein A
atgatccagacccagcatatccaccacaagggatttgacgtcaacgagcggaagtattatcactacaagatctcgtttcatccggatgatagagaagaaaacggtgggcctttgacaccggaattggcagataaatacgctcgtaaatatgccgaggatcattggcccggccgggaggttgtttggtcagttcattgcgatggcaaggcccggcacatccactttatcgttaatgccgtggagatggaaaccggaaaaaagttggatgtgagggatgccgaatggcgtcaatggaaagatgattgccaggaactgtgccggcaattcggcctgcaggacatagattggcgaaaggcaaccagggaaaagagagaccaggagcggtttgtcgaggagccgatcgagggaacgttcgccgaaaaagatctgcgtgaaaggggaaagtacgtctggaaggatgaattgcgggaccgcatcgatgctgcagtacgcagcagctgctcgatggacgaatttaaggcggttctggagagccagggcgtaacgctgacccgttgtaccggaaccacgatcagctataaactgggaacccataaggcctgcagaggcgacactttgggtggcgactacacgatggctgccattcaggacgctctgcagcataacttccaggatccaaaccctcagaagatctccctgtctgaccgtcttgctgggattcaggctggtgccgacgtcaaccgggtaatcagtcctgaagaacggcagatgctcttgacgctgggccgtctggcaggcgtccggagatctgaaatagacgaaatgtgcgaccgggccccgatcgccacgtgggaagaaaagcaggctgcctgggccgaatacaaggccgccagggaagagttctgggaggagtacaacatccggaaccaggcaatccagaaggaaattaacgaggcatataagcgtcgcaagaagattaaggagatggaatggatcctgaatccccggaaccggcgcaagagcctcatgagcgtcatctatgccgctattttcttctccaggaatgacagccttatgattgccgacatcaagattaaccagctgaagcgggaacaggagcagctgcgcaaggagatggccactttcaaagctaccaccggcgaagccgttgagacacttcgagagaagggtcattccgtcgatgcctacatggcatcggtcaagcggatgcagaaaatcgccgatgacgtccagcgcaagaacgctgccacgttggatccagcgcagcgggagcagctgcgctgggcagcggagaagaaaaagcagacctaccgtcagggtcgataa
>gene_55258|Truncated mobilization protein
atgaaagtgagtgagagtaaggctacccatcataagggattagcttatattttggacccttcaaagaccgaagcgtggggttacttgaatatgttctgcagcgtagatcctgataatgactacctggaaaagcctgatccgaaccgctttgcaaagcaaatgatccagacccagcatatccaccacaagggatttgacgtcaacgagcggaagtattatcactacaagatctcgtttcatccggatgatagagaagaaaacggtgggcctttgacaccggaattggcagataaatacgctcgtaaatatgccgaggatcattggcccggccgggaggttgtttggtcagttcattgcgatggcaaggcccggcacatccactttatcgttaatgccgtggagatggaaaccggaaaaaagttggatgtgagggatgccgaatggcgtcaatggaaagatgattgccaagaactgtgccggcaattcggcctgcaggacatagattggcgaaaggcaaccagggaaaagagagaccaggagcggtttgtcgaggagccgatcgagggaacgttcgccgaaaaagatctgcgtgaaaggggaaagtacgtctggaaggatgaattgcgggaccgcatcgatgctgcagtacgcagcagctgctcgatggacgaatttaaggcggttctggagagccagggcgtaacgctgacccgttgtaccggaaccacgatcagctataaactgggaacccataaggcctgcagaggcgacactttgggtggcgactacacgatggctgccattcaggacgctctgcagcataacttccaggatccaaaccctcagaagatctccctgtctgaccgtcttgctgggattcaggctggtgccgacgtcaaccgggtaatcagtcctgaagaacggcagatgctcttgacgctgggccgtctggcaggcgtccggagatctgaaatagacgaaatgtgcgaccgggccccgatcgccacgtgggaagaaaagcaggctgcctgggccgaatacaaggccgccagggaagagttctgggaggagtacaacatccggaaccaggcaatccagaaggaaattaacgaggcatataagcgtcgcaagaagattaaggagatggaatggatcctgaatccccggaaccggcgcaagagcctcatgagcgtcatctatgccgctattttcttctccaggaatgacagccttatgattgccgacatcaagattaaccagctgaagcgggaacaggagcagctgcgcaaggagatggccactttcaaagctaccaccggcgaagccgttgagacacttcgagagaagggtcattccgtcgatgcctacatggcatcggtcaagcggatgcagaaaatcgccgatgacgtccagcgcaagaacgctgccacgttggatccagcgcagcgggagcagctgcgctgggcagcggagaagaaaaagcagacctaccgtcagggtcgataa
>gene_7950|Chromosome partitioning protein
atgaaaaaatcgtatgctatcatagcgcagaaaggaggaaccgggaaaacgacaaccgccttggcgctcgctgccggattggtgaaccgaaagaaaaaggtcttgctgatcgacgccgacacccaagggaacgccacctttgcatcgaatgtcgatatggaaccgggcgaaattgctttgtccggcatcatggagaaaaagaagaagctcgaagacgtggtgtgcggaaccgaagccggatatgatttgattccttttgatgagaacatgggattttatggcggaaccagctccatcaaagtgagtcttgcatccatcattgaaaaggtgtctccgatttacgattatgttataatagattgtccgccgaacatcggccccataacggtgcaagcgctcgaagccgtcgatgaaattgtcatcccttgcaaagccgatgcctattccttggacgcgctgaagaaattggcgcttagtgtccgggatgcccgaaagaagaaccgaaaactaatgatagccggagtgctgctcaaccgcgtgaacgagatcagcaatatcgcgaaagtagctgtgccggatatagagaagatggcggaaatcgtaggggcgcgcgttttcaatacacgaataccgtcgaatgtaaaaatagacgaatcacactacgcacggcagccgatttacacatacgccaaaacatcgccgggcgcggaagcttacaaccgatttgtaacagaactgacaggagagaaagaacatggcaaaattgcgatcactcgtcgaggtgttcaaggaaaaggaacaggaaaatctgcaccagctcgaagcggcaggagtacaaacaagaaaaccgggaaggccaaaaggtag
>gene_36328|Replication initiation protein
atgatacccgccccaggctatggaacagattcagacgaatacaaaaccgcacaaagcagagattaccttgttataaagcgaaacgacgctatacaaaagcgatactttgaaatcacaaaggactacggcggcagtatgacgcttttggaacaaaagatattgctttacgtcataagccgcataaagccagaagatacagaattgaaagaacagactttcgatattgcggaattttgccgtatctgcggcataaatccaaagggcggcaattatgacattatgaaagccgctatcttgaaattgcgttcccggactatgtggcttataactgatgaagtagaaaccacagtttcatggattgctaaagccagaattttgaagcgcacaggaaaaatcaaaatccaattagatgaagatatgataccatatcttcttatgctgaaagaaaattacactatgtatccgcttcacagtataatcaagatgaatacaaaatacggcattctattatacgaactcttgaaatcctattgctacagaggcgaatacatagaattttcagttgatgaattgaaaaagaatctcgattgtatgagctatgacaagtttaccaatatcagaatcaaggtattggaaccagctataaaggatataaatacatattctgagctgaaagtttcggcagaatacaaaaagacgggaagaagctttacttctgttatttttcacgttgttgatttgcggaaaagcaagaagttagaggacatggaagaagcctcccgccgctatcacaacgtagagaacgatatttacaaagagaatatttttgatactggagtagcaccaggaggaaagagcaatgaatga
>gene_53998|Initiator RepB protein
atgatacccgccccaggctatggaacagattcagacgaatacaaaaccgcacagagcagagattaccttgttgtaaagcggaatgacgcaatacagaaacgatattttgaaatcacaaaagattacggcggcagtatgacacttttagaacaaaagatattgctttacgttataagccgcataaagccagaagatacagaattgaaagaacaaactttcgatattgcggagttttgccgtatctgcggaataactttatgcggaagcaactatgaaatgatgaaagctgctatcttgaaattgcgctcccggacaatgtggcttataactgatgaagtggaaaccactgtttcctggatagcaaaagcaagaattttgaagcgcacaggaaaaatcaaaatccaattagatgaagatatgataccctatcttcttatgctgaaagaaaactacactatgtatccgcttcacagcataatcaagatgaatacaaaatacgggattctattatacgaactcttgaaatcctattgctacagaggcgaacacatagaattttcagtcgatgaattgaaaaagaatctcgattgtatgagctatgacaagtttaccaatatcagaatcaaggtattggaaccagctataaaggatataaatacatattctgagctgaaagtttcggcagaatacaaaaagacgggaagaagctttacttctgtagttttccacgttgttgatttaggaaaaagcaagaagttagaggacatagaagaagctacccgccgttatcacaacgtagagaacgatatttacaaagagaatatttttgatactggagtagcaccaggaggaaagagcaatgaatga
>gene_5196|DNA replication initiation
atgaacgagatagtcaaatacagcaactttatgaacgagcttaaattcggcaaatttacgccaatggactataacttcttgatggccctctgctcccggatgaaggacagaggggcggcaaaagagacattcacttttgcctatatcaagcagatcgccaaggcagacaagaactggaccgaaaaagaatttgtttctgccctcacccggatgaacaggaagctcatggcagtgacttgcgagatcgagacggagacggaaattctccagttcgttctcttcccgactttcaccatcaacaagcaggaaaagaccctcaccgtggccgtcaatgagcggtttaggttcgtgctgaacgagctctcccagaatttcacgagattcgagctggaagagtttgcagagcttgattccaagtacagcaagaccctgtacaggctccttaagcagtacaggaccactggatcctaccacgcagagatcagcgagctccgggccctgctcggatgcccggaaagctataccaaccacaagctgtacctgtccatcctcaagccggctgtcgaagagctcggcaaggcggcttttcccgaccttacatgcgtacctgtctatgcccagaagaaaggcaggcctgtcattgcgtaccagtttgctttccacgcagaaaaggccaaaaaggccgttttaagcccttcgcaaaagagagctgctaatctccgcaagtccggtgaaaaacccgtgccaaagcctaaaaaggcccccaggaacgcatttaacgactttagcgagcggagagagtacaccccagaggaaatcgcccagatagaagcccttaatgccatggacgttcccggacagatg
>gene_44207|Rep
atgaacgaagttcagaaacaagaatatcagtttatctttttaaccctaactgtcaagaattgcaagtttgagcacctgcaggaaaccctttccgctcttcttgagggttggaagaagcttaacaagaagtttcgctacacgaagattgcaggctctttccgtactatcgaaattacagttaacaaggaaaattgcacatttcatccgcatattcactcggttctagctgttccaaaagattatttcaagggcggcaattatatctcgcaagctgaatttacagagatgtgggaaaagtcctgcgatctggactatacacccatcgttcatgtagagaaagtaaaagctggcaagctggatcccgacggaatgaccctcgtttcagccgttaacgagctcacaaagtatgtcgctaaaggttctgactatcttgcaggagaactcgaagaagtcttgcccagagttgaacatcttctcgaagctctcgcaggtcgcaggctcgtatctatgagcggcgtttttcgtgatgctgccaaagtactcaatctcgatgatatggaagatggtgacctcgttcacactgatgatgatactttaagacctgacctcgcaaccgttatcactttgtatcgatggtctgcaggtttaagaaattacactagtatggaggttaagaatgtttga
>gene_45762|Rep
atggccaatgaattattatcggcagcttatgaagcaatagaccaccgcaaagccgaacggcttcgggattgtgcctctgtacttgtgtttaatgtagaccctgacgggaacaagcatttgcatagtatgacttcttgccgtgttcgtttgtgccctctttgtcaatggcgccgttcattgagagtgtatcaggatatgcttaaagtggttgattatttgggaaaaaattgcaaatatagatatatattgctcaccctgactgttgcgaactgctccggggacaagctttctgaaactcttgacaccatgatgcacggtatcaatttactgtttcagcggtctgatgtaaaaaaggccgtaaagggttggtaccgtggtatagaaattacacgcaatcataaggacggaacttttcaccctcatgtgcatatattgttatgtgtaactcaatcgtatgccacttcgaggtattacatatcacagcacaggtggcgtgcattgtggaaagattgttgcaatcttgcttatgatccccggtgtgatgtccgattccttaaaggtgatcttcgcaagggttttgcagaggttgcaaagtatgcagccaaggagactgattatattatccctgatgatttcgatttgacagttgattctgtggccgacttggataatgcattacataaacgccgattgatttcttacggcggtatcattgccgaagctcgccgagctttgaagcttgagaacgaagaaaccgccgatctggttcatgttgatgatgaagccgtcagtgctgatgtagtgcgtcaagtggtttatttttggtcttctggtttcagcaattacattggacattgtaaggggtaa
>gene_18063|Plasmid recombination protein
atgagttataatatcatgcgcacggccaaaatcaaggaccgccaagcgatcacatcggccgcaagccacaacttcaggatcaggcaacagggaaacatcgacgccagcaggacacctctcaatcgggttctgtggaacccgatgaaggtggacctgcggaaagccgacgcactccagaaagcgatcacgggccgatatgaggcactgggagcgaaagagcgaaaaaactcggttttggcccaagagttcataatttcggccagccccgagtttttcgacggactttccgacgaaaaagtcgcgatctgggccgaacatcagctaaaattcatgaaaaacgagtttggcgataatcttcaagtggcggttttacacttggacgagaaaacgccacacttgcattttctgctatcgtgcgaggaaaagtcgctaaaagtctataaaaaccgacatgggacatcagaaagagaaacctacagtctaaatgcgaagcgttggggtccggattttctccgagatcttcacacaaggcacgccgcccacaacgagaaactgggattgaaacgaggaaatccaagcagtggcgccgttcacaagccactgaaggattactataaggagctggaacagctccgcttgcggatggaaggcagggtcaaccaattggagatggtgccagagatggtggggatcatcgaggttctggcggacgccatagaacaactcgacccgccgaaccaacatttagcgaaggttgctcgctttgcttctaggatcgccacgaaggtgaaaaatcaagagcatgggggccagcccccaaacccccgttttggtgggggtgggggggacggacggagccgtccataa
>gene_57573|Initiator RepB protein family
atggcacaaaaaaagttaaccgaacgccaaattgtacagcgcgataacgaacgtaacatggctgtttacaagcgaaacgatatgattcagcaggctcggttttctcttactcctcaagagcaaaaagctgtactgtatgctatcagtaagataaagccgaccgacacatacttaactgaatataccttcgatatcaaggatttttacagaattatcggttggagcaaagaaagctatactgaattcaaagctatgttaaaaggtttgactgataagagctggtgggcaaccatcgataaagaaaaaggaaccgagagcgttcttcgttggttcacgacagctcgttcgaaccagcgttccggcaaagtaactgtcaaatttcacgaagatatgatgccttttctcttgcaacttgccgaacaagaagccttttacactgcgtataatttacaatacgtactcccgatgagttcccaatacagtcctcgtttatatgaaattcttaagagttaccactacaacaacagggaatggttctttgatatcgaggaattaaaatatcttttggattgtcaaagctatacaaacttcaaagattttcgtcgccgtgttttagaaccggcagttgaagaaattaacaaatatacagatatcaatattgcctacttcacgcagaaagaaggggttaaggttactcgcattgttttcatgatggctgaaaaatcaaaggaaaaactgttagatgtacaacgtgagatccaggaagctctggatggtcagataaatatgtttgaggcaacgcaatcagaggaaagccgtgttcgagcgcagtttatgcgggaaaattacggaaaaaaggagaaataa
>gene_53151|MobA/MobL family protein
atggcgatctatcacctgcacgtaaaagtggcaaaaaagggcagagacagtgccgcggaaaagatggcctacatctgtcgcaccggccgctacgcagatccggcccgtgatgcctgcttggtctcctggtccggcaatctgcccgactgcgcccagggcagtgcggctgatttttgggccgcggctgacctgcacgagcgcaagcggggctgtctgtgccggtcgtatgacatcgccttgccgcgtgagctgcccccggaggcacagagacagtgcgcggatgccatcgtgcagaccatagccggggatgacctgccctatactgcggccatacatgcgggccgcgggactaatccgcaccttcatcttatggtttcggaacgcgaaaatagtttacaaaaaccggatttacatcagtatttcaggagatatagtgctgatggcaaaggcggcgcacgcaagacagaccgccttaaaggggtggaaaatctcttaaaaatccgaaaaaactgggaaaaaatagttaatgaacagctgcaaaaacataatatatatcagaaaatcacagccgataggcaatatacagataaaaaacacctgaaatacgaagattatcaagccgaaaaactgcaagatgcagccagaatagcagtagaaacacaagaacgattacaaaaagactatataaaagcaattgagaaactgcaacaactggagaaacaacatcaggaacaacaagaacaactacaaaaacaagaagaaatgcagaaaaaagaagctatgtgccaagtattacggcgcgtagaagcaaaacaggaggcacagagacatgcaccgacacccgcatcaagacccacgccccgatga
>gene_16988|Replication protein
atgcctaaaaaaactttaatggaaataaataaagatttagaagtaaaaacaaaaagacactattatgtggctgaaaaaaacgatattatacagaaagcaacatacaagttaaaagagagcaccggaaaatctttatcgttagtagaaaaaaagatacttctttacttgataagtaaaataaaaccggacgatactgaattaaaaatacagcagataaatataaacgacttctgggaagtatgcggatatagtcaaacatcaaatggtaaatatacatttataaaggaatgtatagaaaaattagcaagtagagttatgtggcttgaaaatgaaaagaagatagtattagttcgttggatagataaagcatatatagaaaaaggaagttcaacgataaatataaaattagatgataacttaaagccgtatttattgaacttgaaagaaaactacacgcaatttccattagagcatattataaagatgaaaagcaaatacggaattgccttgtatgagatattaaaatcgtatgcgtataagttcaaattgacaatagagttagaaatattaaaggaaaaattagattgcctaaactatactgataattctaactttaaaaagaaagtaattattcctgctttaagagatataaatacatatacagacttgaaagtagatgtagaatataagaaagaaggaaaacaaactaaatatgtcattttctatattgaagatataggaaagtcaatagcacttgaagataaagaagaatacgcaagaagaagaagcaacatagcaaaggaaatagaccctaatcaattaacattatatgatattctttactgtcatagggggttagatgaatga
>gene_2103|RepA protein
atgttaacagaatattctattgaaaaaaaattgaaaccttatgcgtgtggatttgataaaactcttaaagaccgttctcttaatgaaaaattacttattgagaaaataagtcaatataatcccttatttgatgataatcgccctaaatattcggtttttgttaaatatttaatagatttgggatttgtatatgatctgcattcaaaaaaaatctatgcttatgatcccgattcgggaatatatgaagaacgcgacgattcctttttaaaaaattggatttattatttatggggtaaaaaaacggatggaaattttaacctcatgtcaagggacgtatcttctataattgaacaatttaaaagtacttttaatactgatgatttacaatcactttttgaaaaatttcaatctgatcacagcgaatacgaaaaaagtatgtttttacctgttgacggtcaacttttaaacatttctaacaaacatgatatttttccctttaaaaacggcttatttaattcggaatttgaggaaataatacctcattgtcgttacaatttcgtatcaatcccctatgatcatgattttgatctgttgtcaaaagaagatctgttcgaatcaaaaattaaagaagattatttgtcaatttttcccgatgaagatacgttaaaatatttcgtttattgggttggtaatctactttttgaaaaacgtcctttgccatgttttttaaatttcgttgggcgtggcagtacaggaaagtctttaatttcgtccattttatgcgaaattttaggtagaaagagatcctcaacagccaaattaacggatttgatggatacgcacggattcgctattgttgaaaataaagatctgattgtttgcaatgaatcagaatcaacaaaaacaacagcatacatgattaaagagttagtcggtcaaaattctattcaaatcaaccctaaatatagggatattagagaaattgaaaactactgccgtttaattatttgtggaaataagtatttagaaatcgacgcaacagatagcggtattcaaagacgtatcagaatcattagattccgcaatcatttagatcttgaatttggaaaatatctttatgacaatttatcttcaaaacatggtaaggattggttaatcagttgtgcgtattattgttggaaggattcctggtttaagaatgaagaagatatgcaatctctatctatgaaagacgaatttaacactatgatcaagtttgattcattcaatgattggttgtttgaatgttgtaattcattggataaaaacattgttggaaattattttcataaaaagaaccgtagagaaatctatgaggattactgttcacactgttataatttggatgataaacctttaaaaatggttcattggaataaaaaaatgagtgtggatttcgatttgaaccctaaaaacggtagcggttatacatatcttaattatgaaccaaataatatggtatga
>gene_42758|Firmicute plasmid replication protein (RepL)
gtgtccaagtacattgagacagaattttttgagtcagtagacggcgaacctatccgccacgaaaggtctttgcaggtacgcaaagcagacgaacaggacgattttatcaagctttatgttcgtatgataggcgcaataaatcaagtgccgtcaacgacaaacccgcttttgaacgctcttttgctccgtgtaacatacgcaagcacgggacagaaaatcttgttaaacaacgaggaaataaagctgatacagaaagaaacaggaatgaaaagagcgacattttacaggcaaatgcgaatactcgttgattatcaagtgataattcccacctatcaggacaaagcgcatacaaaatggcgctttgactccacgttctatttgaacccgtatatgttcggttatggcaagtgggacgatataaaaaatttgagaagctatatcgagataaacgagcagggtttgtcgctcttaacagaaacctcgcaacagtccagtctgccatcacttactccgggcgaacagcagagactattccgcatagagggcgattatttcgggcttaagccagtaaaggcagaagcaccgaaaaagccaagactgccagaacacgtagtaaacacggttttagagcaagtcagagaagctgacgaagctcatcgggcggagagcagctccgccgatcagagcgaagcggattcagaatttgagattttggacgacgtaagcataacgccgaaaacaggctttatctctggactgggcagctcaacagtacaggctttcggcgcagaatggaaaggaaaagtcctgcaattcaagaacagagaacaaagagacgcttttttgcgctcgcgcaaaaaatag
>gene_54801|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgaaaggagatgattttatgcatattgaaaaatataatttatcggtaggaaaaatagaaattggtcatgatttgcgaacgcataaagaatacaaaaataaagatattgattttacattatcacattcaaattatcattttaatgaagttgcaccaatgcaaagattagaggagcgcataaatgagatttacatatatggtaaaaatggcaaacataaagatgatataaattatttggttagtgtttgcgtgcaatatccagaaaattgttctgttgatgaagaaacttttttcattttaatggataaagtttttacaaatagatttggcaaggacaataaaatctgcagttgcgttcatttagatgaaaaaggcaaaagtcatttgcattataaatttatgccagtggtttataatggcaaaaaaaatagatatgaattatgtgccaaaaaggtagttaataggcaaatgttgatgagtttccataaggatatagaaaatgatctattggcattgggatataatattaaattacacgatccagaaaatcatgttaaaggtcaaaatatagatgatattgaagagtataaaaagtataaagaacatattaaacagttagaagaaaagattgcagagttggaaaaaggtattattgaccgtgaaaataagattaatgatttaaatgttaaaggtcgtgcgatggttgaaaaatataattcattggtagataaatttgacagtttaaaaatagaatttgatgaaatgcaagaagagattaaaaaatatttaaatgatgatatgaatctagatgaaaaaattaattttaatagaaagtataatattgatgaagttttgggtggttag
>gene_14158|Replication initiation protein
atggcgaaacgcacagaacgacaagaaatgcagatacggacagagcgaaacttgcctgtcgtgaaagcagatgaaatggtgcagcgaggaagaaacgatctgtctctccaggaacaacgctgcgttttgtatgctatttcaaaaataaaacctaccgacagcgttttccaggaatacacgttggatttgaaagagttttttgctgtctgtgggttgtcgaaagaatcatacacagaacttaaagctattcttaaaggtttagctgatcgaagctggtgggcgataattgacgacaaaggcacagaaagtctgatgcgttggttttccactttgcgaacaaataagcgttctggaaaagtgaccgtcaaatttcatgatgatatgatgccttttctcctgcagtttgccgaacagagaaaatactatacaaaatacaatttgatgaacgtgctgccaatgaaaaagcagagcagcccaaggttgtatgaactcttgaagagctaccaaaaaaacaatagagagtggtttttctttactgaggatctgaagaaacttttaaatgcggaacattacaagaattttaacgattttaagagatttacattggatcctgcagttgaagaaatcaacaaatatactgacttgaatgtgaaatatgtcctggaaagagaaagaagaaaggtaacaacaattacttttttaatggctgaaaaagggaaaaaagaacaaatagaaacaacaagacgtgttattaacgagcttgaaaaagcagagcaaatcgaattcgaagatgttattgctaactacgcatcagacgagcgtactttattctggcaagagcagagaaagaaaagagaagaataa
>gene_33831|Replicase family (Fragment)
atgttacgacaacccgacttgttcttgcaagaacgcctccccttcaaaccatactgtaccgacgatttggccgcaggtatccgcccgcgctcctacgcccatgctatcaagcggcgttatatccaagtcaatccgcctcatctgcgcgtgttcctgctcttcgatttggattacgcgggggctgggctggcttgggaagataccgcgctccctatgcctgcatgggcggctgtgaaccgtgaaaacggccacgcacatcttgcctacgcgctctccgcgcctgtactgactgccgactatggcggccgccaagctgctctgcgctatctggccgccgtagaagctgcctatcgcgcaaaattgaaaggggatgacggcttctcggggctgattaccaaaaatcccgtgcatccgttttggaagctgctgcggggcattcctgatgcggttagagggtatgacctgccctatctggccgaattcgtggacttggataggttcaagccctatgtgggtcgctcgaacgtggaagcggtcgggctgggcagaaattgcacggtgttcaatctcgtgagccgttgggcgtataaaaacgtgctggcattcaaacaggaaggctttacccgtcaaggatggctgaaagcggtcaatgaacaatgtctgcgcgtaaatggggacttccctacgcccatgctggaaaacgaagtaaagtgcatcgcaaagtctatcggcaattgggtttggatgcggttctctccgcaaggcaaatcggcttggcattcggctcagaataagcgacggaaaacgcgcaaaaatcagcacaacaaaggttcaatcatactgctggataattgccatgactga
>gene_41768|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggatcataaatacgagtacgacggctccgctgttgtagcgagtaagcacataacgtatgaagaaataaaatctcgtagtgaagattacgacaagacaataagtcgcgatgccgaaataaaacaattgttgtataaatacggcaattgtgagatttcaaaacaagaactccaagataagatgtcggcggaagattacgacaagtttgctaatatgttccgtcgtatgaaagaatatagaatgatgaaagtgagaagtagagaaatgaaagtgatttatattacgggtgttagcggtagcggtaaaacaacattagcaaagtatatggctaaggtgatgaattacgacttctttgtaagcggtagcggtaaagatgtattagacggctacgacaaagaagaatgtatcatcttagacgatttacgtgcggacgcatttacaaaaagcgagttgtttaaactaaccgataacaacactaattcaagcgtaaaatcaaggttccaaaataaagatatttcgtattgtaaattaatgattattacaagcattaaagcgccacacgatttatacaattgggatactgataactttgaagataaagatgagacttttaagcaattttctcgtcgtttaggtagttcatatatttacatcgatgatatgggtgtaatagttgaaaaacaatattttgatgaccgcattacaaataaagtgcttgattttgatatgacttccgtatttcaagtgttaggaattgagaaaaaaattggctctgacttgatggcacaaatctacaaaaagattactgataactgcaatcaaaataaaaaaagatacgagaaagatgacgacttgcctttttaa
>gene_32247|replicative protein
atgtctacaaatgacaataacgtttctgttaaggtcattgatactaagcctatttcttcgaataaacctgtacgtacttggtatttaggtgaaaatgttgttgaagttgtttcgcaggattttaaaagtgattctttaaagaagtatcgtaaaattagtaaagaacattatgttgatttgtcttgtggtgagatattagattataaaattaatcaaaatcgttctcaaaatattaattctatgagaaagactattcacaatatacgaagagttattaatgctaatttttctggtggagaaaatgagctttttattactttgacttataaagagaatatgcaagatactaaaaaactttataatgattttaaacgtttctgggttaattttaagaagaaatttggaagtaagttcactgggttggagtatattaatgttattgaacctcaggagcgtggtgcatggcattgtcatgttcttattaagtgtgatgtgggacaagttttatatattcctaatgatgatatttttgattgttggtctcataagggttggacaaaaactaaacgtattaatggtattgataatattggagcttatttatccgcttatttgactgatattgaaattaataatgacaatatgaatgatattattcctattttaggaactcatacagatgttgttactaaagaaattaatgagggtggtaataaagtctctaagcgttttattaaaggcggcagacttaaattttatggcagtatgactaatataattcgttgtagtcgtggtattattaaacctcagtctgttgatgagttttattctgatgtaaaaaaaatagtcgggtctcgtaca
>gene_34200|MobA/MobL family protein
ccggagcagatcgccaagacgttggcgacggaatttgagaagacgtaccatcgcccctgcgctgtggcgattcatttcaaccacgaccgcaccaacctccatgctcacctgatctactctgagcgcacgttgctcaaggagccggaggtcaagattgcgccccggaagttgttcttcgacgagcagggcaagcgctgctacaagaagggtgaggtgctgggcgaggacgggcagctccgtcccggatgcaagattgtcaataagggtgagatctacgagcgccgttacttcagcagcgtcgatccgtccttcagcagcaaggcatggctgaaagactgcaagaccaactgggtgctgccgctccggaacggcgttctcaagggcgacgtagagatcaaggagttcgacccgaactccggcaagctgccacagcagaaggtcggtaatttggagcatatcgatgatccggcagccaaggcaaaggctgcacgaatcgaggaatacaaccggaacgtccgggagttcaacgggttcatcgatcaggggaaggttcctcctcagacagccaagaagctgcaacaggccgtcaccaaagcccccacgaagaatcccgttctggctgagatcgtgacgaggatcagagcgattattgagaaacacagagcgaagcgaatcgaacgcaagcccatgctggatcagactgctgccacgggagtggcagcagtgccggcaaagccagagccggcaccggttccgtcttttgctgctctgatcgccgccgatgcagaggtggagaaacacgaaaaagccgccagaggcggtggaatgggtatcgtcaaagaacgagatgtcaattgggatctcattgcccttcccggaaaactgcgtactgcagtttccgagatccagaaggacttcgaaacgaaggccaaggctaaggcagagcttgacaagatcccggtacccagagagccgcaaggcatcctcgtcagcaaaaagaaaaaggccgagtacgatgctgcctatgccgagtaccgggatcagatccagccgtacaagtctgccattggcgagtgccagagcagacttgagaagaaccttgctttcgtgatgaaggaactattgccccgtgaacgtcagaagcagggttatggttacgatgccccggatatgactgccggaaatctgactgtccatgatgtgacccacatccggaacaccatcgagtttaagctggaccgtgacatcggtgtggcagtcagatccgaggaaaagtatgctgccagaatggaagagctgacagccgccagaactgctctgaaaggctctcaggagcgtttcaatgcagaactggacaagatccctccggaacaccggggaaaggctctggaagccgttggagccgccagagagcagcgaaaggaagctgcattggcagccagacgggaagaagggaaacaggtggagcagactcgaagcagaacctctgggcgagaccgttaa
>gene_55203|Mob
atgtatggagtatatagacttcaaaaagtaaaaaagacttcggtgtctgctattgagcgtcacaatcggcgtcaaaatcaatcttattcaaacttagatattgacgccagcttaacttacaaaaataaaattatttcggattttacaaaatacgcccacgccattgataaacgtttatttgaattaaatttgcaacgaaagccaaggaaggacgctgttgttatgttaaatcatattattacggcgtccccacaattt
>gene_55201|Plasmid recombination enzyme
aaagataagtcggacgaagatataaatgccttttttgaagatggatataaggctattttgaatgaatttggcgaatacaatataataagtgctgaggttcattacgatgaaacgacaccacacatgcacgtttgtactgtccccgtgactgaggatggaagactatgtgccaaggatgttgttggtggacggagtgatatggttgaacggcaagacagaatgtatgagtgtttttttaaaaaatatggtttggagcgtggcaaaaaaaatcaaaaattggaatatgatgacttacaaactttcaaaaaaaatacgaaaaaagaaatcgatgaattaaaacaagaaaagcaaaaactaaaaaaagaagttgatttggttggtttaaaaaacaaagttgcgtttgccgacaaaataatacaaaatttttgtaaccaacaaatacaacaattatggcactcttacaaaaattcgacaaaggaagacagaccttttttagttgcttttttaaaaaaaatatgtggcgaacgactaaaacctaacgaagaattggttttggaactagaaaaaaaacgacaaataaatcgtgatataagccgttaa
>gene_26896|plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatggagtatatagacttcaaaaagtaaaaaagacttcggtgtctgctattgagcgtcacaatcggcgtcaaaatcaatcttattcaaacttagatattgacgccagcttaacttacaaaaataaaattatttcggattttacaaaatacgcccacgccattgataaacgtttatttgaattaaatttgcaacgaaagccaaggaaggacgctgttgttatgttaaatcatattattacggcgtccccacaatttttcaaagataagtcggacgaagatataaatgccttttttgaagatggatataaggctattttgaatgaatttggcgaatacaatataataagtgctgaggttcattacgatgaaacgacaccacacatgcacgtttgtactgtccccgtgactgaggatggaagactatgtgccaaggatgttgttggtggacggagtgatatggttgaacggcaagacagaatgtatgagtgtttttttaaaaaatatggtttggagcgtggcaaaaaaaatcaaaaattggaatatgatgacttacaaactttcaaaaaaaatacgaaaaaagaaatcgatgaattaaaacaagaaaagcaaaaactaaaaaaagaagttgatttggttggtttaaaaaacaaagttgcgtttgccgacaaaataatacaaaatttttgtaaccaacaaatacaacaattatggcactcttacaaaaattcgacaaaggaagacagaccttttttagttgcttttttaaaaaaaatatgtggcgaacgactaaaa
>gene_17700|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgtatggagtatatagacttcagaaagtaaaaaagacttctgtggacgctatcgagcgtcacaatcggcgtcaaaatcaatcgtattcgaatttagatattgacgccagcttaacttacaaaaataaaattatttcggactttgaaaagtacacccacgccattgaaaaacgtctttttgaattgaatttacggcgaaagccaaggaaggacgctgttgttatgttaaaccatattattacggcgtccccacaattttttaaagataagtcggacgaagatataaatgccttttttgaagatggatataaggctattttgaatgaatttggcgaatacaatataataagtgctgaggttcattttgatgaaacgacaccacacatgcacgtttgtactgtccccgttactgaggatggaagattgtgtgccaaggatgttgttggtggacggagtgatatggttgaacggcaagacagaatgtatgagtgtttttttaaaaaatatggtttggagcgtggcaaaaaaaatcaaaaattggaatatgatgacttacaaactttcaaaaaaaatacgaaaaaagaaatcgatgaattaaaacaagaaaagcaaaaactaaaaaaagaagttgatttggttggtttaaaaaacaaagttgcgtttgccgacaaaataatacaaaatttttgtaaccaacaaatacaacaattatggcactcttacaaaaattcgacaaaggaagacagaccttttttagttgcttttttaaaaaaaatatgtggcgaacgactaaaacctaacgaagaattggttttggaactagaaaaaaaacgacaaataaatcgtgatataagccgttaa
>gene_27753|plasmid replication initiation protein
atgatgtttttcaagggaggtataaaacaaatgaataacaacctagtaaaataccaaaacgacatgaatacattacattttcatggattttctgcagtagacctagatatgttaatggcattatgctcaagaatgagagataaagacgaagatgttatggaatttgattttggatatttaaaatcaattatggaatataaagcaaaagataacgacagatttattaatgatttggacgctatgaataacaaacttattaaagttacagcatcattcaaaacagcaacaaagaaaataatgtttgtactttttccaacatttgaaattgatagcgaaaaggaaaccttaaaagtacgagtaaacccagattttaaatatctcttaaatgaaatcagtgaacaatttacactttttgaattacaagagtttgtatcactttcgggtaaatattcaaagaatttataccgtttattaaaacaataccgaagaacaggaacatacagaattgatgcagaagaattccaaaaaagaatggatattccaaaagaactagaaaaaaaataccacatgagaaactgcataaaaccagctattgaagaactgacaagaaatagttatttcaaagatttgaaagtagaaccaattagggctagaaaaaaaggcgctccagttatagcttatgagtttactttcagaaaaagtgaacagatacccgggcaagcaagtttctacgatgcggatagtttcaacagttacacgaagaacgcaggattgaaacccaaaaaaggaaatcgtttcaaccaatttgaacaacacgattacaacatggcagaactagaagaccaattattgagcaactaa
>gene_14417|recombinase
atggcaaaggcaagtatatctatctgcaaaggtaaaggaagtatggctcacaacaaccgtgacttcatcacggagaatgtagaccaaagcagaaccaaagacaacatcacatacgttcaagaacctcttgaggttgcctatgagaagtgtttcgggcaagccatagaggaatacaatgccaggcaaaagaggtctgatagaaagatagatggagtgagtgggtacatggagcaagtccgcacttcggggaacggagaaaaactgttctatgagaacgtgggtcaaataggcaatatgtgtgatagccacgttggatcaccgcaaggggaagtctgcaagcagattttggacgagtatatgaggggatttcaagaaagaaacccgaatttgtacgttttcaatgcggttctgcaccttgacgagcagacaccacacttgcatatcgactacataccgcttgcacatggatataagcaaggtttgtcggtgcggaatagccttgatagagcctttggagagcaaggcattgagggaaagtcaaacaagtacgaaaaccgcactatcgcatggcagaaagccgaaaaagaccatatcgagccgattatggttagacatggattgcaaagagccgaggacaaaggacttgaccaagaacatctgacagttgaccaatacaaggcggtcgctgaacgtatccatgcggaagttaggcaaatgccaaagcagatagaaaccgcccctatgatatttaataaagagcgtgtaaccgtccgtaaggacgatgtggaacggttagagcaaagggcaaagttatcgttagagcatgaaaaagccacgaaacaactcgtttccgacctaaaacaagaccgtaaagagggcagagagtacatagaaaagcagatgtcaaaggctgatagccacgaactgaccgcccaaaggacgttggaacgtgccaatgaggaataccggaaagcgaaggaagtccggttacaggctgaaaggctttatcatcagcagaaggaactcaatcagacgtataacgaacttgtgacggtctatcagagccaaaaggaaacaatagccgacctgcaaaccgagaaccgcacgttaagagctgaaattctcgatttaaggcaatcagtagaaaagagggtacaacaagcggttgaacctctgaaagagcagatacaagcctttaaggaacgcatagcagaccttgaagaaagacttcatggaatgtgtcagagcctaaccaacgtcacaaaggctttcggaatgctgaaacacgataaagaagatggatatgcggtcagccttaacgataagcagagccgactttttaccgcaatcgaaaagtacactacaaagtggttaagagaggaacgcaaagaagaaatggcggttgatgtagaaaagcatatcggcatttcaaagggcatttcaaaggaaatagacgcacttacaccgcaccgtaatcgtggtatggatagaggacgttga
>gene_27966|replication protein
atgataatatcaattgatgccttgattatagggcatctttggaatattgtcaagttgtcgcctctgctggaaagtagaggtttttttatggctacaaatagcaaagaggttcagcggagagctgacgccaagcgcgctggagcgcgtgcgcgcggatgggcttgcatagtctatccagaaagcgccccagatggctggagagagcttttgaatgaggctcatattccaacactaatcagtccacttcacgaccaagatatagacgcaaagggtaaacctaaaaagccacactggcacgtgctggcgatgtgggagaaccctgttggagagtcctctgcacggaattacttcagtcgtatcggaattacagcaccccctgaaaagatagacactatcaagggttattcgcgttatctcgtacatatggacgaccatgataaggtgcgctacaaagagtccgaggttatagctttagctggagcgtcctgggtaggaactgctctggacgagtccgaggagatcaatgctatcttggacgagattgaggattggattgacgccacgggttgtgtgagctacagagccctctgtagctatgcgagggcagagcgtacggactggaaaaaggttatccgaaaaaacacgatacaccttacagctttactgaaagcactggcttgggaggatagtaatgttcgtcgtgaaatccaagctgcagctagggctgtagatagggaggaacgggaatatattccacctgtaaatcccgacactggggagattatcgaaaccgagaaagaacttgataaggttctgaataagctctgggaaaagcaagagcgaggtgagctcgatgagtaa
>gene_28878|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgaaaaaaacttgtaatgagtacaagttttataaacttggcaaaactgccgaacgtaaaaagggggtaaaggttatggcagggaagacaaactatgtggttttcagggtcgaaaaaataaaatcctttcaggcgatggctggacgaaaaagacacaatgccagagagattgccgtacaaaatgctgaccctgaaaaattcacgcaaaatatgtttatagtcaatcgcccagaaactttcggggagttcctgaaaaatcagggcgtggaaaaaatcagaaaaaacgcagttctgggtggggaaatcgtggcgagcttctcccatgaagcgataccaccagagcagtacaaagcttgggctgtcgacacaatgaagtatatcgcagggcttgtgggtagggagaacatctaccaagctgttgctcacgtggatgaaaaaacttttcacatacacgccctgttttctggcgtgcaaaatgggaaattgagattcaacgacattatacgaggtcctcagcacctcggcaagatacagaccgaatacgcaaagcagatggcaaaatacgggcttcacagggggattccaaaagagattaccaaacgccatcacaaacccgtgaagcagttccagaaagagttggcggttaaatatgaggagctggaacgagaaaagcaattcttgcaggagcagaaagacaccttgcgagcagtcgacagtctggtaaacgaagatatcgactttagaattgcagtagaagcgaaaaaagcggaactgcgtatgcaggaaatcgaaccagctgggaaactgattccgcagaggaaaaaaacacgcaatctggaacacgacgaaatcatcagataa
>gene_51742|Plasmid recombination enzyme
ttgaaaaaaacttgtaatgagtacaagttttataaacttggcaaaactgccgaacgtaaaaagggggtaaaggttatggcagggaagacaaactatgtggttttcagggtcgaaaaaataaaatcctttcaggcgatggctggacgaaaaagacacaatgccagagagattgccgtacaaaatgctgaccctgaaaaattcacggaaaatatgtttatagtcaatcgcccagaaactttcggggagttcctgaaaaatcagggcgtggaaaaaatcagaaaaaacgcagttctgggtggggaaatcgtggcgagcttctcccatgaagcgataccaccagagcagtacaaagcttgggctgtcgacacaatgaagtatatcgcagggcttgtgggtagggagaacatctaccaagctgttgctcacgtggatgaaaaaacttttcacatacacgccctgttttctggcgtgcaaaatgggaaattgagattcaacgacattatacgaggtcctcagcacctcggcaagatacagaccgaatacgcaaagcagatggcaaaatacgggcttcacagggggattccaaaagagattaccaaacgccatcacaaacccgtgaagcagttccagaaagagttggcggttaaatatgaggagctggaacgagaaaagcaattcttgcaggagcagaaagacaccttgcgagcagtcgacagtctggtaaacgaagatatcgactttagaattgcagtagaagcgaaaaaagcggaactgcgtatgcaggaaatcgaaccagctgggaaactgattccgcagaggaaaaaaacacgcaatctggaacacgacgaaatcatcagataa
>gene_15837|Plasmid recombination protein, Mob family
atgaggggaggaacagacatggcaagagtaccggttatcagagtgcagcagtttacaaaaggctctctctctgcaataggcagagaggtggacagagccgagaaaaacagcagaaacgaagacattgacgtaacacgcagcgagctgaatgttaccgtcaaagagactgagggaggcactctgtacagggcttggaatagctggagggaaagccacggctgttctgaccagaagataaacaagacaatgactgcttttgaaggagcagttctgacagcttctccagaggtgttcaaggagctgggttgggatgaggaaggctgctgggacccacttgtgagaaaacgctgcgaggagtttctgatgacacagtacggctatctctgtgagaagattggcgaggacaggatactgtctgcgacaatccatttcgacgagaaaacgcctcacatgcaggtctactatgttcctgcggttgacttcgttatgcagaagaaatatgcaaaggacgacaacgggcgtattctccgcaacgagaaaggctctcctgtctacgccagagacgagcaagggaaaatcatcaccgagcgagttgaaggcgttagaatcaatcgtggggcgttctggggtgctctgggcggcaagaactcatacaaccagcttcagaccgaacactaccaacatatgactgctgcttatccggaactcaatctggaacgagggcaggaaggttctacagctgaacacactacaaagtatcagtggcagcaccaagttcagaaggaggctgctgaagaacttaataagcaggtcaatgagcttggcttcaaagcaaatcaggctcaggaagagctggacaatctggaaaagacagttgagcagtacaaggaagccaataaagagattctgacagcagcagaggttcaagcaatcaacgataaggcaaaggtcggaatgttcggaatcaaaggtgtgaagccttctgaatacgaagcaatcgtcagaactgccggaacagcagaacaatccatcaaggataaggaagcagcagaagccagagcgaaagctgcggaacaagcaactgcgaaggcaaaggccgaagcagatctgcgagtgcagcaggctgtagcaaatgcaaaccagcagttaagagagcttcgagccagagataaagaggaacttgaaaaagaaaaaagaaatctgccgtcgatgaaagactacgaagaaagaatagctttaagaaagcaggtcaatgaattgcagacagagcttgagcgtatgacttacggcattgcagtaaagagaaataaactggaaagattcctgggcttgctccctgggcaattcggggaagatttctttgttgaatcgataaataaggcaaccggcatgagctttactcactcatctcagatagtgaaatatctgtctgatttggaatctgaaatcgaagcagcaaacacaaaaatcaaagcgaaagaacaagaaccggtaagataa
>gene_53821|Replication-associated protein G2P
ttgtacctctccggaaacccggtgaagctgttgcaaggtcacaacctgttcggctcgatggacctgctcggcctgttccttgaggctgggatatgggtccgccaccacgccggcctgttccccggtccgcagacctgggaatcctgcgaattcacgccccccaggtacagccgtatcgacatcacccgttcttaccgctttccctccgatgccgatgccctcgactacgtcagactcgttgcaggctcggcaaagagtaggcacggcgcggccaagctctacgattccggcacggcctaccttggccagaactcccgccgctggacgatgaagatctacgccaaacggcaagagctcctacacggcatgaaaggcgcggcccgtcgcatcaaggctgctttcctccccgacgagctccttgactgggcttccggtgtcgtccgcttcgagctcaccctgcgcggccctgaaatcaccaagcactgcccccccggtgatcttcatgaccccgccttcctcgaaagcctgtggcagagctatttcgacgccatccaattcaacgacaacgcagctatgagcaacagacctgacctgatcgaagaaacccttccccgccaccttcagggcaccgttgctatctggcgcaccggccgcgatctccggaccctgctccctcacaacacgttttaccgccacaggcgggaaattctggcgcagtgtggcatcgacattgccgtacccccgtcgaaggcttcagaggccgctacagccctgcctgtagccctttcgcctgaaggctgggaccccgagcccatcgcatcccgcctcgtcgaacctcgggccgacgtgaagcagcaa
>gene_52591|Replication-associated protein G2P
cccaggtacagccgtatcgacatcacccgttcttaccgctttccctccgatgccgatgccctcgactacgtcagactcgttgcaggctcggcaaagagtaggcacggcgcggccaagctctacgattccggcacggcctaccttggccagaactcccgccgctggacgatgaagatctacgccaaacggcaagagctcctacacggcatgaaaggcgcggcccgtcgcatcaaggctgctttcctccccgacgagctccttgactgggcttccggtgttgtccgcttcgagctcaccctgcgcggccctgaaatcaccaagcactgcccccccggtgatcttcatgaccccgccttcctcgaaagcctgtggcagagctatttcgacgccatccaattcaacgacaacgcagctatgagcaacagacctgacctgatcgaagaaacccttccccgccaccttcagggcaccgttgctatctggcgcaccggccgcgatctccggaccctgctccctcacaacacgttttaccgccacaggcgggaaattctggcgcagtgtggcatcgacattgccgtacccccgtcgaaggcttcagaggccgctacagccctgcctgtagccctttcgcctgaagggtgggaccccgagcccatcgcatcccgcctcgtcgaacctcgggccgacgtgaagcagcaatatccgcttcgcttcgggtcctga
>gene_34267|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcggtgatcgcccatcaggaacgaacttgcttgacgcatagcaacgagaacattcgggaggaggacacgaagtacaactactcggtctggcctgcagacgagcaggccccgtacatggtcgagaagtccggatggaaacggttgacccaccggctgagccaggtgaagcacttaaaccggaaagacgttaacgtgctggtcgagtgggtaatccatctcggcccggacgttcctcctggttacgagaacgaggaacagttcttcctggcatgtatgcggtattgcgccctgaagtacggagccgaaaacatctgctacggcatcgttcacgtggacgaagaaaacccgcacttaaccgttggtttcgtgccggtggttaagaaacctttgaagctccggaagaatgccagcgcagcagcgaaagcagagtttgaagctgcggtcgctgccggcaagaccatgatcgaagtgctggacgccgattcggtgatcaccaggaagcacctgcaggattggcacggtggtctgacccagcatctgatcgacgagctgggctacgatcctgctgtccataccggcattacccaggccatgggcgggaacctcactgttaagcaactgaagcgcaaggatgccaagtggcgagagcagcgcaataagcaggcagcacaattccatgaagtgcgtagagccgccaagaccggccgtttggccggcttggacgccaagatcgctatggccgatccgaatcggccacagctccagagccaggcggtgcctggccaagagaaaaaaagaaagtcgctggatgaccttatgaagtcggcccaggatcgaggtggcaagaatggatggtaa
>gene_48615|Rep protein
atggggcatattactgaggtgcttacgttccaaaagcctacagttgctccccctgtccaaaagctgacgaaagacctgtattgctacttgcctacaggtgaggtgctggagtacgagcatggagcaacgagagccgacaacatcaaagcagttcggcgcacgatggcgagtatcagagctcttgtaaatacgaacgtaacaatccccgaaaattgcttgtggtgtacgttcacctacgccgagaacatgacggacacgaaacagctttacaaggattggtttcggttttggaagaagttttgctactggtgcaagaaacaggggtacaaaaaacctgagtacattaccgtccaagagccccaaggtcgaggtgcttggcatgtacactgctttttgatttgggacagcaaagccccgttcattccgaacaaccaggtaatggaagtgctgtgggggcacggatttaccaagaccaaagctttgcagaacatcgacaatatcggtgcttacttctccgcatacttggcagatatgccccttgaagagtatgaccaacttcccaatgcgatgcaagcaaagctcgaagtggtagagaaaacctttgaaaacgccgagaatctgacgaaaaccaagaagttcgtcaagggtggtcgcttgcctatgtatcctgtaggaatgaatatcgtgcgtaagacaaagggcattaaaagccccaaaatcgagcaaatgacctacaaagaggcacaaaaaaaggtcagctccgaacagctaaccttttctcgctcgtttgagattgtcggtgagaacggcgaagtggtgaacactctcactaagtcgttctacaacagcagacgttga
>gene_14530|Plasmid recombination enzyme (Fragment)
atgagtaaaaaagcatcgaattcattctgcaaaggcaaaggatctataggtcataacaaccgtgatttcatcactcccaacgtagatcagagcagaacacatctgaacgtaacctacgtgcgccaaccattggaagatgcttatgagcatctgtttggagaagcggttagagcctacaacgataaacaaaaaagagccgaccggaaaatcaatgactatctggataagatccggacttcgaagaacggtgagaagatcttctacgaatcattggttcaagtcggtaccatgcataattgtcacgtgacatctgaaaacggaaaagaagcggcacagatccttgatgagtacatgaaaggattccagctccggaacccgaatttgtacgtgttcaatgcggtcatgcatctcgatgagcagactcctcatctccacattgattggattccgatcgcagaaggctataagtctggactggcgatccggaactcgctcgataaggcattgaagcagcaaggcatcgatggatccggcggcaagttaggaaacagcacccagcattggcaggatcgagagaaaatggagctggcatcgatcatggaacgcttcggctgggaatacgaggcgtattccggcgaagatcgaggcaatctcactgtcgatcagtaccgtgcgatggcgcgtgagatcgaacatcaggcagatcggctgcctgatcagatcgagagcaggccggtaccgttatcaaaagacaaggtgatcgtagataagtctgaactggccgagttggaagagaaggccaagctctcgcacgtgcatcagcaagtaacgagtgatctgaaggagaaaatggagcaacggaactctgatcatgaagagtacgtggaattgcagcgcacgattattgagcagacagtggctggtgcaaagaaactaaaggaagaagcgcaggaggaaaaaatcgaggccggtgaattgaaggcaactgctgtgaatatgtatcaaagtcagatcgatctaaacgagagacaccataagataaaggttgccgcgaaaaaagtgttggaagaaaacaatgcgctgaaagatgaaaatgccgcgctgaaggtcgaaatcgcctcgctgaaggctggaatcgacgaaaaggtacaaaaggccgtcgatgaggcaaaaatgcctctacaagccaaaatagagcagttacaggagcgtgtagagaagctgatccagtcgttgaacactgcatatgagacgatcaagagcatctgcaaagcagtctgcacattgaagtacgataagactgatgggtacggagtgagagacttgagccgcaagcaggagcggctcatagaagcgatagcaaacgtcggagagaagcaggccgaaaaagcaggatacaaggacgttgcagagacgatccggacgaagtacggcatcgacgagactgtcaagaaagaagttaaagaactcacgccgaaagagcaggtgcaggatcggtga
>gene_30942|Recombination protein
atgggaaatcttaagaagtacacaaggggaagtgttgccgcagtcatcggcgaagctatgcgagtcgatgataaggtgatttataatcccgaaaaccacaaaatcgattacaacctttctcaccttaactattctgttatgaatgttcctgacgagggaatggaacgatataacagaaggttatcagaagtgttttgccaaaatcgagctgatgtaaatacccttgttacttgggtatggactatccccaaggatctggatccaaagtatgagcgcatgtttttcactggtatttatgatttctttaaggagaagcacggtgaagagaat
>gene_26149|Replication initiation protein
atggcgaaactaaatagttaccaaaaagaccaaataaaaagggaaagatcgttatctgtatacaaacgtgacgatatggttcaaaaaggccgttataacttatctgtccaagaacaaagagcaattttatatgcaattagtaaaattaaacccgaagattctgtttttgctgaatatcaatttgatattaaacaattttataaactttgtggcattgaaaaagatacatatacgtcccttaaagcaatgcttggtaaactttctgataagggctggtgggcaacgatgccagacggttcggaaagtagagtacgttggtttagtaccgtcagacttaataaaaaatcaggaattgttactttaaaatttcatgaagaaatgatgccttacctcttgcaacttgcagacaacaatgagttttatacttttttcaacctcaaacatatccttcctatgagcagtaaacacagccctcgactctatgaaatcctgaaaagttatcagaagaataatactgaatggttttttgaaatagacactcttaagaaattgatggattgtgaaaattacaagaacttcaacgattttgcaaaaagggctttagatcctgctgtagaagaaattaataaatataccgacatctgcatcgcttatgatgctaagagagaaggtcggaaggttgcgagaatagtgttctatatggacaataaaactgcttctgagcgtcttgagactgaacatgagatagaaacagccctggatggtcaaatgagcttcctggaccttatagaagaggtaagagaaggaaataaagttaattttgcaagagaaagacaagcagccaaaagaggtgagtga
>gene_37539|DNA relaxase mbeA
gtgatcgttaaattccaccctcgaggcagtggcggtggcgccggtccggtggattatctactgggtaaagaccggcagcgtaacggtgccagcgttctacaggggaagccggaggagatccgggagcttatcgatgcctccccgtatgccaaaaagtacacctctggtgtcctgtccttcgccgaacaggacttagtgcccggccagcgtgaagaactgatggcgagcttcgagcgggttctgatgcccggactcgataaagaccagtacagcgtgctgtgggtagagcaccaggacaaagggcggctggagctgaacttcctgatcccaaacacggagctgctgaccggcagacgactccagccgtattacgaccgtgccgatcgtccgcgcattgatgcctggcagactatcgtgaacggcaggctggggctgcacgacccgaacgcgccggagaaccggcgagcactggtcacgccatctgcgttgccggaagcgaagcaggaagctgctcaagcgattacgcgaggtttactgtccttagcctcgtccggggagctgaaaacgcgtcaggacgttactgaggcgctggaaaacgcaggttttgaggtggtacgcaccacaaaaagcagtatcagcattgccgacccagacggggggcgaaatatc
>gene_17783|Protein involved in initiation of plasmid replication
atggccaaacgaaaattgaccgagatggaaattgtaaaaagggaccgtgaccgggacctgaaagtgtacaaacacgatacattgattcaaaaagcaagaatgaatttaacgttgcaggaacaaaaatgtgttttgtatgcaatcagcaagattcatccagaggacaaagaattcaaggaatatccattcgaaataaaggatttttatgctttatgtggtatcgaggatgaaagttacactaggttgaaggcaacgctgaaaaaacttgcagatcgaagctggtgggctgaaacggacgatggagaagaaagtcttctcagatggttttctgtcgtgaaaaccaataaaaattcgggcaaagtcatagttaaattccatgagcagatgatgccttatctccttcagctggcagaaaacaacacattctacacaaaatatagccttcagtatgtactgccaatgcaaagtcaatacagtccgcgcctttatgaaatcttgaaaagctatgagaaaaataatcgagaatggttttttgatgtagaaacgttgaaaaagttgttagactgtcagaattacgaaagatggccggattttagacgttttgctgttgaaccagccgtcgaggaaatcaataagtacactgatctaaacattgcgtatgatgttggcaaagacggcaggaaagtaacgagaatatacttcttcatggctaaaaagaagccgagtgtactggctgaaacacgtttggaaaatctgaaaaaattgaacggcatatctgattaccaagaatataaagatgaaatagcaacggcttctgaagatagtgttagagttaagttttggagagaaaacaaataa
>gene_45076|Replication protein A
atggcagctttaaacattctacgattttttgaggaagaaccgccagagttcgattacgtcctccccggcatgctggccgggagtgtgggttttctcatgtcaccagggggcgtaggcaagtcgatgctggccctcggtgctgcgtgcggtattgccggcggcaccaaggacgcagacctttacggcttcgagccgaagcaaggccgcgttgtgtacctgtcggcagaagatggcgaaatcgcgctctggcatcggctccacaactttggcaaaaaattctcgcccaagacccgcgaagccatcgcgcaaaacctctcggtttttgacgtagttggccgcaagccggacatcatgtcgcccgactgggccgagggcatctgcaaggccaaaggggttcgcctcatcatcatcgacactctgacccgttttcacacgctggacgagaacagcaatagcgacatgtcgcagctggtgagccagctggagtacatcgcaaagcagaccggcgcggccatccttgtgatccaccatagcagcaagagcatggcggtacagggccggggcgatgagcagcaggcagcgcgtggcgcgtcggctctcatcgacaacgccaggtgggccgcgaacttgaccgggatgacgaaggccgaagccgaggcgctatcgaattcccagggcggcggggtgattggcgaggacgacaggggctactttgttcgcttcaacatcagcaaacagaatcacggcaggcctttccctgaaacgtggcttgtacggtctgagggcggtgtgttggtacgtaccgccctatacgcggttgagaagaaaaagaaagggcagcagcgtaatgaactttga
>gene_55376|replication protein RepB
atggccaaacgaaaacgcacggaacggcaggaactgcaggtcagggctgccagggaaatgtcagtctacaaaagggacgacatgattcaaaaggcaaggcaccgtttgtctgtccgggaacagaaatgcgtgctttatgcaatcagcaaaatcaaacctacagatacagctttcgatgagttcgtgttcgatatcaaagatttctacatgatgtgtggccttgaaggcgatagctatacggaactgaaagcaatcctcaaaggattgtcagacaaaagttggtgggcggaaatcgatgaccagggaaccgaaagcctgctccggtggttcaacacagtgcggagcaataagagatcaggtaaggtcaccattaagttccatgaggatatgatgcccttcctgctgcagctgacagagcagaacacattcttcacacaatacaaccttcagtacatcttaccgatgcagtcgcagtacagtccacgcttatacgaaatcctaaaatcttaccagaagaataacctcgaatggttttttgaaattgaccgactaaaagacctgctggattgtcaaaactataagaattttaacgatttcaagaaacgggcattggagccagcggttgaagaaattaacaaattcagcgacatcaacattgcttacgacctagaaaaagagggccgaaaagtaaccagggtaatcttttacatggcagataaaaagccagaggcattgattgaggctaagcgtgccatccaggaagaactggatggtcagctgaccatcgatgagataatcgccaactttgatgaagaggatagcgttaagagaaaatttatgcgcgagaattttgattaa
>gene_52525|Replication protein
atgagtaagcgaaaattgtcagaaaaagaagatttaaaagtaagacatgagcgagaaatgtcggtctataagagagatgatatgattcaaaaagccagacatcgattgtcggtcagagaacaacgttgtgtgctttatgcagtcagcaaaattaagccagaggacacagctttcgatgagtttacttttgatattaaagacttttatgctttatgcggccttgaaaatgatagttatacagagttgaaaaggatccttaaaggacttcgagataaaagctggtggataactatcgatgacaaaggtaccgaaagtgctgtcagctggttttccacagttagatctaatcaacgttccggtaaagtgactatcaagttccacgaggacatgatgccattcttgctgcagcttacaaaacagagtgccttttacactcattacagcctccaatacatacttccgatgaccggtcaatacagctcaagactgtatgaaattctaaagtcctatcagaagaacaatatggaatggttctttgagatagaccacttgaaagaacttttggattgtcgaaattataagaattttaacgattttaaaagatttgccctcgaaccagccattaaagaaatcaatagattcagcgatattaacgtggcttatgacattgaaaaagaagggcggagagtatccagagttatcttttacatggcagataagaactttgatgcgctgcttgatgccaagcgcgccatcagagatgaacttgatggacagttaggagtagaagatataatcaaagctattaacgaagatagcgttaaggcaaaattctggcgcgagaacgcacagaaatag
>gene_57043|Replication initiation protein
atggctaaacgcaaattatcacaacagcagtttgacgaacggaatgattccagggaaatgtctgtggcaaaaagcgacaagatgatccagcattccaggtacgcattgaccgtccaggagcaacgctgcgtgttgtatgccatcagcaagattaagcctgaagacaaggcttttcaggaatatacgtttgaactcaaggatttctatgctatctgcggtctccatggcgacagctatacggagcttaaaggaattttgaaggctctgcgtgaccgcagttggtgggccgaaatcgatgacaaagggacagagagtgccatcagttggttttcgacggttcggaccaacaaacgctccggaaaggtgacaatcaaattccacgaggacatgatgccatttttacttaacctggttatcagagcgaaagaggacaagtcctttttctacacacagtacggccttaaatacatactccccatgaagagccaattcagccccaggctctatgagatcctcaaatcctatcagaaaaacaataaccgcaggtggtatttcaccctggatgaactgagaaagcggctgaattgcccccaatatacccgctgggcagatctgcaacgccgtgtcctggaaccggctgtcaaagaaatcaatctgtactcagatctgacggtttcctatgtcccaatcaaggagggaagaccggttgtgtatgttgattttacattcgacaagaaaagtgagtcggcacttatggacaccaatgttcgggtctacgaaacgctggatggaaaagcagaggatcatctgagggcacaacaagtcaagggtcagatgaccattgatgatgtcctgtaa
>gene_13990|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atggcaagtgtaaattatcttaagttgcatggcggtagggaaacgaaatccaaactgttacattctgcaaaagaaacacgtttagagcatacgcatagcaacgagcatattaatcctgaaatgacaaaatttaattatcaaacaaattcatatgctggtgcttgcgaagtttatgataaacgaattgcacatcttgatgcgcagccgaatgctaacaagagaaaagacagagtgacttgtttcggtttggaagttcctcgccctaaagatttacctgtcgaacaaatgcaagcatggtcgaagagggtaatcaatatcatcagcgaacagtatggagcgaagaacgtttgcggaacgtatgtgcatgtggacgaagtccacgactacgtaaacgctctcacaaaagaaatcaatacatcaagagagcatttgcaatgctacgtggttcccgaacataatggtaaactgaatgggaaatggttttctagtaaacagaatatgactaaactcaatcaagcaatacatgaaatgactatgaatgagttcggagtacagtttatggacggtagcaaacgtaaaggtcctcgtgtagagtatttgaagcagaaatcaagagaattggaagaagaggctagtctttatccagaaaaatacaaaacaagccttaaaaagccttctgaagcgtcacaaggcatttgtaatgcaatcaaggataaacaacaagcattattgcttgcaagccaggaagcgagccaggaagccattcagaagcgtatccaggagcgtgtcgcattggcaaacggtattatttctgatgcggagcaagaagaagatgatgtttacagtgtatttaagtaa
>gene_44233|Replication initiation factor
ttgccccagttcgacgcatacacggccacggctcggcttgatggcccggaaaaactgctctcagcggcctacatcttcggtgcggagatgaagcagcgggaggggtacttcaacggcttcgggaacctgatttccctgcggacagagcatggcgaatatgcctccgtcgggtggggcgggcagaacgagggatgggcgcgcctggaagtcaaa
>gene_13998|RepB
atgggtagtaaaaaattaacagagagacaagagcttcaactaaggcatgaaagagaattatcggtttataaacgtgatgatatgatacaacaagcgcggttcagcttaacggttcaagaacagcgcactattttgtatgccatcagtaaaattaagccaggagacacatacttaaccgagtacacttttgatatcaaagatttttacaaagttattggttgggataaagaaagctacaccgaatttaaagcaatgttaaaaggattgaccgataagagctggtgggcagaaattgatgaccagggaactgaaagtgtcctccgatggtttacgacagcaagatctaacaagagatccggtaaagttacggttaaatttcacgaagatatgatgcctttcttgctgcagctgaaagagcaggatactttttatacccaatacagtctgcaatacatacttccaatgaccggacaatacagttcaagattgtatgagattcttaagtcgtatcagaagaacaacatagaatggttcttcgatatagaccgattaaaacatcttttgaattgtgaaaactacaaaagatggccggattttagacgatttgtaatagaaccagccattaaagaaataaataaatttagcgatataaacgtggcttacgatgttgaaaaagaaggtaaaagagtatccagagttattttttacatggcagataagaacgttgatgcgctgcttgatgccaagcgcgccatcagagatgaacttgatggacagttggatatagaggaactattaaaaagtgataagccggatagtgttaaagcaaaattctggcgcgagaacgcacagaaatag
>gene_21911|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atgaaacggaagtcattaacaagacaggtagaggaaaccttgaaagataagttaaggatagggcaatcaaaacatgatgccaaagtagccggaacagcacaagaaggcatatacagttacaagaccctaaaggtctacatggaacaatgcaattacttcactcgttactgtaaggaaaattacggatgccgatacctgggggattgccggaagtatgcagacgaatatctgcagaaaaggattgataacggtaatagtccttataccttgcacttgatacggtcagccttagaaaagctatacggtgataccagtaaagattatataccgttgccacaacgcaagagacaggatataacacggagcagaaaagaagcggtcagagataagcatttcagcgaaaagagccacaaaagcattgtagacttttgtaaaggctccggagtccgtaggcatgagctggcacagcttagagggaaagaccgcttataccgtgacggtagattatatatccttgtccgtaagggtaaaggcggcaagagtagggaagtgccagtattgaaagagtatcaggcagaaattgaaaaattgatggaaatggcagcggatgattttgtgtttgataaagtccctaatgggatggacgtacatagctatagggcagaatatgccacggcattatatcagagattaaaaagaccgtggtttaatattccgtcttctgagtgttattactgccgtggtgatcggaagggaacagtattagataaaagagccatgttacaggtgtcaaaggcattaggacataaccgaatatctgtgattgcaggacattatctaattggtgtcagatag
>gene_53807|Initiator RepB protein
atggtaagtttgaatttatacgaaaaagacgccatccaaaaggagcgtgagatggatatctacaagcgtgatgatatgattcaaaaagggcgttttaagctctccgtccaggagcagagagctgtgctttatgctataagtaaaattaaacccactgatacctatttgaccgaatacacctttgacatcagagagttttataggattatcggatgggagaaacaaagctatacagaattcaaatctctgctcctagcattaaaatctaaaagctggtgggcggaaattgatgataagggcaccgaaagcgctataagctggttttcgactgtgcgttcgaacaagcggtctggaaaggtaacagtcaagttccatgaggatatgatgccgttcctgctgcagctcactgagcagggggaattctatacgtacttcaatctgaggtatgtgctaccgatgagcagcaaacacagtcctcgcttgtacgaaattctcaagagttatcagaagaacaaccgggaatggtacttcgagactgatgtgcttaaaaagctgatggactgcgaaaactacaaaaatttcaatgactttgaaaagcgcgcattgaaaactgcggttgacgaaatcaataaatacactgatatacgtatcaagtatcatctccagagagaaggccggagggtgagtagagttatctttatgatggacaacaaaacaacctctgaactgcatcagaccgacgttgaaatacgggttgcgcttgatgggcaacagagtttatttgagatgaatgacgagataaaagcaaaatcagaatggttgattgagcgcagagctgcgaaacgggatgaataa
>gene_42214|Mobilization protein
atgtcgaataagggaagtgcattgaagaatggtggagatatatccaatgctggcagacataatctgagagagtataagcaagagagaggaacatataacgcagatgaaattgaggtgttaatcggttcgacttctgttctcgatgatgtcaaagaaatttatcatactgagtttgatgaagcacttgaaaaatacaacgcaaagcagacaagaaatgacagaaaaattgatgattattttgagcatatttctgcaaaagataatgatgttgcttgcgagtttattattcaagtcggagatatggacttctggcaagacaaatctatgcaagagcgaaagcagatgacatatatctttcaagaccaattaagagctatgcagaagcttgttccagaactgaaggtggcaagtgccgtaattcattatgacgagaaaagcccccatatgcacgttatcggtgttcctgtggcagatggctattcaaaaggactcgaaaagcaagtaagcaaaagaaaagtatttaccaaagagcgactaagctatctccaagacaagatgagagagaatgtcgaacgtggtatgaatatgccccaaaatcagaacctttttgctgaaatgcaactaaaagcaaaggaaaagggcagaaacaaggatattccaaagcaatctctggcagagttttatgagcttgaagcaaaaaaagaaatgctgcaaagcaaatcacaagagcttgatgaaaatatttccaagaaatcaaagcaagtaaatagcctttccagagcttcaagggactttacagacccacaaaggacagaacccttagtatttaatactccagaaggtaaaaaggcttatatgcctattccagagcttcaaagacaatccgagcagatgtcaaggcagatagaagctaataaaaacaaggctgaaagcattctggcagaagcaaattataaatttgattccatgcttgaagccgtgacggagtatgaaacttctgaaaagcaaaagattgatgaggagcttgcaagggaaaaattagctcgcagagagccgttagaagccgaaataagagatttaacagatttaagggatgaaactaaggctgaataccaaaaagcctttaaaaagctcgatagcgtccaagaaataagcaaatatatggcagatgatagccgaaaaggtatcaaagttaagagccaagaaatcaaggacggtatgttttcttctcatacggctgttgtggtggaaggtctggaagttgagcaagtacgtgatatattccgtgctagtgctatgaaaaatggtgcagtgagcgaagctcaaagcattgttcagcaaggcaaagctgacgctgatcagatgcgtgagcaagctcaaagagatataaaacaagctcaaaacataataaatcagcaacaaatgattattcagcaagctaatgagcagagtaaacgaataaaagaaaaagctgaaagggatagtcgctctattatcgagtcggctaaagctcaggctaatgagatagttgcaagtgcaaagcagactctggctaacctagaagccaaaataagctccgtaaaagccgaaataagccgtttatttaccagaagggatgatttacaaggcgaagtcgataaagtgcttgaaaaggcaaatataaaggctgaggagattatacaacaagctcatgagcagacaggaactgaccgactctatgaagaaatcaacgaaagactaggtattgttccttatgtggagcttgcagaagctcgccagaagctccaagaagccatagaaccacttagggagtttataggcgatagagaacaagccttaattgataaaagggattttgaaggcatttacacggctttaagggataaagaaatatctttcagcgatacaagaccttgggcattaaggcaagctctggagaaggtggctcaatgcgaacaagctcctcatagcaaagaggatgtacttaaccagattgaacgaacattgaataggtcgcaaagtagaggtattagccgatag
>gene_17724|Replication protein Rep
atgggttcagaaagacagaacccccctgagatgatcgagcttggcggcgacgagatctcagaggggtccaatgcacataggcaccctgaaagggtagcacggcttggtgattgtaagaaacgatctttgcaaatgggccgctatatccaacaggaagccaggggggtcacccccctggctggaaaacaccttgacgacaccgccaccgaggtcctgagctgcgcgaactacctcgtattcaaccactattacacggttgatcaggtccggctggccaagatcatgacctgcaaaaagcacatgctttgccccgtctgcgctcggatccgagccgctaaacaggtctcccgatacctcgaacgccttgaagtcatccgcaaagagcgacctggtataaagctcgcgctgctcaccatgactgtcaaaaatggcgatgacctcgaggaacgatataaccatctccgtgacgcttggcgcacctaccagcgccgtcgccgtcagtcgatcaaacgcggtactgggcataacgaattatgcaaggtcgaaggggccgtattcagctacgaggttacgaaccgcggcaaggggtggcatccacaccttcacgcggtggtgatcctcaatgatcggattaaccaagagacgctttgccgagaatggtttgatattaccggggattcattcgtctgcgatattcgaacgattaaaggtgatccagctgaaggctttttagaagtgtttaagtacgctttaaagttttcggaattgtcattagaaaataaccttgaagcgtttttaacccttcgtggaaagcgtctacagggaagtttcggagattttcatggtgtccag
>gene_7521|Replication protein
atgctcagatttgacgcatatacggctactagtagctcactgactgttcaggacgcaaagggaatcattcttgagggcggctggcgcgtaggtgcggaagccaagccgcgagaggcgcagggcttccatggttttgagtgtcggcaagcctttgtggactattgcggcagtgagtttgcggcggttcagtggggcggcatgcacggtgacagggtcatgctcgaggtgaaaggcgaagctacaggccctgtcgttgagcttctgcgggaggattggccgcaccgctgcacgcgggtggacagttgcggcgattttgatggggtgggggagttttctcgcctctatggagtgtgtacccaggtcaagcgcgagcaccgcattttggggggtaaggctggcgattgggacgatttcccggagaaagggcggacgctctaccttggctcacgcagtagctccgtgagggttcggctttatgagaagggaaaacagccggaatatgtccaccttgagcgccccgattgggtgcgtttggaaattcaggttcgcccgaagaaagaggcaaaaacggctttcgcggctctttcacccgaggaagtttggggggcttccaagtggactagcgagctacacgcgcggctgttgggtggtcatgttgaccctcaccctgccggcacggtctaccggctgacagacgatgaatcctcgttcgagtggatgtgcaagcaatacggggcgatgctcacacgccaagccgaggattgcggcggttgggaagcggttgggctgaatattggggacaagctggcagagcttgccgaaagggaagcaaggcgcatgggtgcagggtga
>gene_4293|Replication initiator protein
atgaacgaaagcacacacgaaactgctatttctatcaagtataacaaagatttctctgttattcaagctaacgagttagtaagaagcaagcaggacgaactgacccttttggaagctaaaatagtccggctggctattacccagattgtaagagaggataaccagctgaatacctatacttgtaatgtggttgatttggcaaagttcttaggtatagataatcataatatttaccgagatattcaagatatagccagaagtttaattaagaaatcaatctttatcaaagacaagaacaacccccgaagaaggggcaaagagaattatgttgtttttaattgggttgattttattgagtatagggacggagtaataacctttaagctgaacgataaattaaagccgtatcttttggggctggaacagctttttacaatgtatggctatgatgctatcataggcctacccacaaacaactctatccggctatatgaacttctcgcaagctatcaaaatatgacaataagaaatgtgccggataccaattatacggatatagagatagcaagggacgagtttatatttaccattgactatctaagggaatactttaactgtcaagacaaatacccgaatacaggcgattttgtaaagtatgtgattgatagctcagtaaaggcaattcttaaaaacacaataatgcgtgtaggatataggaaggtaaagacaggccggagtatcagccatattgtatttaagattgacagtagttggaatgacccagatataagggcacagatatataaattgcgtggctgggaagatacaccgccggaagggttagagaagtaa
>gene_5624|Rep protein
gattatacggtgcgaataagaccgcaaaggcgggtgatttttctgactgggtactatgagaaaatcgttgtatcacaaggggttacggaggtttggagatacgaaaaactgaatgtaaaaagcggaggcaaaagagagcgtgacggagacggccccggaaaggaagcagaagcgaattaccggaagcgccagagagagagacggaacaggattcgacagctcgtttgcaccaattttgacagcggcagtaagttcgtgaccctgactttcaataaccgacaagagttcgatatttcggacgtcaaggcctgcaacaagcatttcaagcagtttatccagcggatgaaaagacggtatccagaactgcgatatgtggcagttatcgagttccagaagcgtggagccgtccattaccacatgatttgcaatcttccattcgtcaagaagtcagagcttcaaagcatctggggtgctggattcgtcaaggtgaatcggattgacaaggtcgataacgtaggagcctacgtcatcaagtacatgtgcaaagacacggaggacaagcgcctccaaggtctcaaggcttataactgctccaagggtttgcaagagcctatcgagctgaccacatggagggatgaagattcggaagcatggaaagttgtgcatgaccttctggaaagagaatcgccctcgtatgttgccgcatacgagagcgaaaatgccgggagaattgagtataagcaatataattctaaccggctccatggtaacggtcaggcctcaaaaagtcaaggtttgtctgacaaactcagacaatctgacagccaaaacagactagaagcgtcattttga
>gene_52948|Rep
cctgggagcctgctgccggatgactgggatttgacggtggacggggtgcgggtgctggatggagctttggcaggccgtaagctggtggcctatggcggtttgatggctgatgtacatcggcagctgcatttggatgatccggaggacggcgatttgattggagagggagcagggctggaagtggaggacaagcagctgctttcttttgcctggtataccgggtaccgtcaatatttcggcgtgtga
>gene_52946|Rep
gtggccaatgaaatgctgagtgtggcgtatgagcaggtcgacccgaagaaggccgcacgactgaaggagtgtgccaccttcctgcagttcgctgcggatgggcagcagatgaagctgcaccgggcgaatttctgtcgggtgcggctgtgtcctatgtgcagctggaggagggcgctgaagacgggcgggcagatggctgcgattgtggatgagatgaaccggcgtgaacctatggcttatgttttggcaacttttactatccgcagtgtaccaggcgaccagctgagcagcgcccttgatttgatgatgaagggatggaacaggatgacccagcgggtggccttcaaaagcgccgtgctcggtacatatagggggttagaggtgacccacaatgtgaatccggatagtccatcttatgatacataccacccgcattttcacgcgcttttcgcggtcaagccccggtattttagcggtcgttactacatgaaacagacggaatggcagcggctttggcaggaagcctgtcggctggattatgtgccgtctgtcgatgtgcggcgggtaaaaggggggaccggcggcgcgattgcggaggtggccaaatatgctgtgaag
>gene_29853|conjugal transfer protein TraA
gtggctgctgcgtgttatcgtgctgcagacaagatagcccatcacgattattcgaaaaaagccgatgccgtgtgggctggtatgttatttgcggatagttgccctgtagagcttagaagtcgtgaagccctgtggtctgctgttgatgccgtggagaagcggaaagatgcacagctgtttcgtagctttgattttgcttttcctaactgtttcaagtatcaagattgcatagaggtgatgacggtctttgctggtgagcagtgggtgagccagggaatgtgtgctgatttgtcaatccacgacaaagtcgtggacggacagagaaacttgcacggtcacgctatgcttactatgcgagaggtcggtgccgatggctttggaaagaagagaagagattggaatgagcacgagcttatggagcgttatcgtgtggaatggcagagagcagtgaatgaccgtttgcgtttgttaggctcacgggagcggattgaccataggagctacaaagagcaaaattgtggattactgcctacagagcatttaggacgctataggacggtcttagagcggagaggacatagaacagcccttggagataagaataggcttgtagaggctctgaacgcctcacagcggtctaaatttgattacaagataaattcatctagggcaaagtctgaagtcgagcagaaggattataacgctgttttctgtgcccctatgaacctgagcttgcaaaagcagattgaccagctgtgtggcactgactatgcaaagcaagagatgataagaaggcataacgcctgggtagagaggtcgagcggtcaaagcgtgtccaataaggcacggtaa
>gene_28221|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggccaaaattgataaggcacgcttttggacaggcgtcctatacccagagaacatgagagaggactgggagatcgccataggcgacattgtccaatacccctatgcgtattgcaaacactcccaggacaaagacagcaagagcgagcatcgaaaggatcacgtgcatctgatcctggcatttccaaacaccactacatacaagcacgctatgagcgtattcgatcttctctctgcagagggaaagaaggctctgaacaaggtcgaagcagttatcggtattcggaacgtctatgactacctgatccacgataccgaggcctgcaggaagcagggcaaggagttatatccgaaggatgcccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgatattggcgcctatgagcagctgggtaccgcagagaagaacgaaatgttcttggagatgggtgaggccatccgggagcatggcttcaccaactacatggacttctatgagttcgtggtcgacacatacgaagacatgaactacatcgaggttatgcgctgctacagcagccacttcgagcggttgaccagaggcaactaccagaagtgggaacagcagcagcgtggacttaaacctcgtccgtcacaagcccaggtccacgccaggtccacggaaaagtccacggaggaagtcccgatcagctgcccggaatgcgggtcgatcgatgtcataaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaatactcaacgttgggcctgtaaggactgcggtaagaagttcgttgtgaggtag
>gene_56378|replication protein RepB
atgactgcaaaggcattttatacgagattaaagcaacctccgaagaaaatcggaggattttttatggccaaaattgataaggcccgcttctggacaggtgtcctgtacccagagaatatgcgggaggactgggagatcgccataggcgatatcgtgcagtacccatatgcgtattgcaagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccacgtgcatctgatcctggccttcccgaacaccactacatacaaacacgccatgagcgtgttcagcctcctttctgcagaaggcaagaaggctctgaacaaggtcgaggcggtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactacctgatccacgacacagaggcttgtcggaagcagggcaaggagctgtacgacaaggaagaccggatcgccggcaacaacttcgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgggtactgccgagaaaaacgagatgttcctggagatgggtgaagccatccgggagcacggcttcaccaactacatggatttctacgagtttgtggttgatacatacgaggatatgaactacatcgaggttatgcgctgctatagcagccacttcgagcggctgaccaggggcaattatcagcgctgggaacagcagcagcgtggtgttacgcagcgtccgtcacaagcccaacaccacgaaaacaccacggaaaacaccacggaaaaaccaccaatttgttgccccgaatgcgggtgtattggcgttattaaaagtggtaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttgggcctgtaaggactgcggcaagaagttcgtcgtgaggtag
>gene_30358|initiator RepB protein
atgagtaagcgtaaactaacagaaaaacaagaacttcaagtaaggcgtgaaagggagatgtcggtttacaagagagacgatatgatccaaaaagccaggcatcgactttcagtcagagaacagcgctgtgtcttgtatgcagtaagtaaaataaaaccttctgatacagccttcgatgaattcatttttgacctcaaggacttctatgctttatgtggactggagagcgatagctatacagaattaaaaaggatcctcaaaggactccgagataaaagctggtgggtaatcatcgatgacaaaggcacagaaagtgctgtcagctggttctccacagttagatctaataagcgttccggcaaggttacaatcaagtttcatgaagacatgatgccttacctcctccagttggcagaacagaatacattctttactcaatacagcctccagtacgtgctgccgatgactggccaatacagttcaaggctttatgaaatacttaagtcttatcagaaaaataaccttgagtggttttttgaaatagaccatttaagagagcttttagactgcatgaattatgacagatggccagactttaaaaggcgagtaatagagccagcagttaacgaaataaacaaatatagcgacatcaatgttgcttatgatgttgaaaaagaaggtcgaaaagtagcacgtgttatcttttacatggcagataaaaacgatgaggctctgcttgatgccaagagagcaattcgtgatgagcttgatggacaattgacaattgaagatgtcatccgcgccattgatgaagatgatagtgttaaacgaaatttctggcgcgagaac
>gene_29337|Conjugal transfer protein TraA
atgtataatatatacattgaaggagttgatagtatggcaatatatcatttctcgggtacggttataggacgaaagaagacgcctgttgcaagctgctgtgcgggtgctgcgtatcgttctggagaacagataggagagcatgactataccaagaagcaaggtgtagcgtggtctggtatgctgttctgtgagggttgccccgaagagttgcgaagccgtgaagcgttgtggtctgcggtcgataagatagagaagaggtctgatgcacagctttacagaagctttgactttgcctttccgaactcattcagctatgacgattgcagagaggtcatgtgctcctttgctcaggagcaatgggtagacgagggcatgtgtgctgacctctgtgtccatgacaaggttacggacggtcaaaggaacttgcatggtcatgctatgctcaccatgagagacattgacgagaacggcataggcaagaagaacagagcatggaatgagcatgagctcatggagaagtggcgtgaagcttgggaggttgccgtgaatactcgcttgcgaaagctcggaagcgttgaacggattgaccatagaagttatgaggaccaaggggaaacagagttgacccccacacagcacatgggagctcataggacggctttggagcgtaaaggtatatcaaccctgctcggtgatttcaaccgccgtgtaaaggctctgaatgaccgtgtacgcaattcttttgactggaagatgaaacgataccagaagcttgcggacgagcagaagcgtgaacgtatggacgttgacgcgaaggctcggagcagaggacggacaagaacccgatag
>gene_37035|Replication protein
atgccaactaatcaagtatcgattgatcgaatcactgtttctggggaacttaaagctgaatatcgggagttgcaacgtgttatgaatgccttaggaagctcttgggaactctctggcggcgtttttaggttgattcgagaatatcctaacggcgatactgaaaatattgcctattacgctgagaatgcgtttcaagctggttcttggcgtctggactttaacccgaataaatta
>gene_47823|Replication initiation factor
atgctagctgatttccgattgcctaattacgacaacatcaaaagtgttaatgacaaattggcgcttgctggtttagatagccaatttgttgattggtctgattttgcaaaggagaaaagagcgcgtcttcgtaaattgcagaaagaacagtacgatgacacactagcccgagagttgtttgatttgctgattgcacatcaagaacggttgcacggagaacttacaagctacttagcggaatttgatattcaggagtag
>gene_36338|Replication protein
atgaacccaaagtctgatcagcaggtatttgattttactgttgccgattttgtgcgtgaatttccagaaattagtgcagataacgcttacaaacaaattcaagcggcaattaaacgaatttatgatcgtagtgtgaaaactgaagatagtgaacgagtaactgaattccgatgggtatcttctcgtacctatttcaagaaagaagggcgtttccgtattgcgatgacaaatgaggttatgccataccttacccagttgaaaggtcaatttacaaaatatcaacttcgtaatatagccagttttaatagtgttcattcaatccgtatttacgagttaataacacaatgtcgtgggttgggagagagagaaattactattgaaaaacttaaaagctggttgcaagtagaggataaatacactgctttctttgattttaaaaaacgggtaataactccagcactcaaagaaatcaacgagaaatccgatttactggtatctgtcgaacaaatcaaacggggtcgtgccattcacgcccttaaattcctgatcagtcagaaaaagcaagcgacacaagcggtcgaaaacgcccaaaaccttaccaaagatggcttaactaaattgccacaacgccctcaggtgaaagcaggaagccaagctgagtgggatcactggcgtgaatgcttacgcattcgtaaagccgattatgaccgctttaaagccgcagatattcgccgtcctagcaaattacttgaagatttagcgaagtattaccgtaagactggcgataccatcaacgcagaggggctagaaaacgctttagagaagagaaaagccaataaggctagttaa
>gene_16412|Replication initiation factor family
atggaaaatgctattgattgtaacattgataatttagtgatttatgtatatgcagtgaggatgagtggcttcgaatatttcagaaaaaagttagatgatgctgaaataaatgggaaaattcctcctgtaagaatgactatcggaaaaggctggtcggattatcattatcgattgaatattggtcaaggtggcggtgcggtaacgataggctacaaacataattctgttcgtcatagtgaagagttttttacaatgaggatagaatttaacccttctaaaaatacgaaagattacgatactttttggagcatctttggtgaattgtttattagccatacgaaaaaaatcaaacaaatggatttagcttttgatgtatcggcagaaataagaaggatatttgcagtgtcgttgactggaaggcaaagggcgtattataaaagcacacaatatttcggttcggctggaaatactggacgattaaaaatctatgataaaaaggcagagttgcaagaaaaacaaggtgtcaccataatggacgagcataaaacacgtatagaatacacgatacgttttgaagagccagtaacgatacagttattgagcaaggcaagtcttacgatgaatacagagtatcaaattgttttgttgaatgaggaaaagttgactggtgaaattaaagcagcagtgttaggaatacatcatggttacatgaaaatgagcgaatttacgaggactacaaaaacgaaaataaaaaaagcgttagaaagcatggaacaactggacttggaccacgcttacaataacgccagaacaaaaatcataaagacaatcagttcgcatttaaaataa
>gene_31966|Rep protein
gtgtttgttatatttaaggaaaagccaaaattaatgggtgatgaatacaacccttttactcgacgatatgagagtgtttatagtactgaggaaactgaaagtgtttatgttgcgccaaaagtccatgaaaaacagttgatggtttataataaaagggcaattgttagtaataatgttattgaagttatcagctataaagaacctgtttttgaaggatatagtgttaatgggtcttatactggtaagaaagctactaaatcaactaaaaggtcaaataatattagtcaatctaaaatggctcttaggcgacttataaatgcaaatgtaacgggaaatgatttatttataacgttaacgtataaacgtaacttagaagatgtgggggaaggtaagagggattttaaaaaatttattatgcgttggaattatcgaaggaaaaaggaaggacttgaacctttgaggtatgtttacgttgttgagtttcaaaagcgtggtgctgtacactttcattgcatattttttaacgttggttatgttaagaataaagaattaaatgagctttggactcatgggtttgttaaagtgaataagattgataaagtagataacgttggggcttatgtagttaagtatatgcagaaagatttaatagataatagacttaacggtcgggatttgtacggtcgttctaaaggcaatttaaatgacccagttatagtaaaaaatcctcaagaggttgcagctcttgaagaatttttaaagaataattgtgtatatgaaaacacatacgatagtgaatattatactcaaataaactataaacagtataaccttaaaagaaataaatag
>gene_41435|Replication initiation factor
ttgaaaaccaccatcgactggttgcggttccgcacccaagcagaggtcctagagggcctagaagcgcttcggccgctgtatggcgacatgggtagctacctgtctctgaaacgcgcccaaacgggccgtgatggcttccagcaggcatgttcgctcgtgcttgtcgatatggaactcggccgggtcgacttcgggggtgattcgcagcgcggttgggcccgctggaatatcaccgggaagggctgtgagtgggtgaaggactgggatgcggtcgccgaggttgaagcgctgccggctgcggagatccgccgcgcggacatcgccttgacgacgtggaagggcgaggtgcggcacgagacggtcgttgaagctcatggcgcagggcgtttcgtcacgcgtggtcggccgccagaaatgcaggtcatcacgagcactgaccctcgtgcggggcgtacctgctacgtcggttcgcgggagaagtcggcgaagttcttccgggcctatgagaaggggttccagctggctgcgaaggtgcccggtgtcactgtgacccacattgacgggtgcccggtcgaagacatctaccggtgcgagcttgagctgaagtccgagggtgccaccatcccgtgggaggccatcgaaaggcgtgaccagtacttcgctggcgcctaccctttcctggctgaactgctgcctgatgtcgagtgcgacatcctcatgcgtcgccctgagcgcgcacctcaaaccgatctgatggcggccctggcgaattgccgaatccagtacggcgcgaccctctacacagcgctgcgggcgtatcacggcgatatcacgcgggtgtgggac
>gene_42140|conjugal transfer protein TraG, partial
atgcagaagaactaccggcgtggcgaagagcacggctccgcaaaatggggagatgccgcaaaagtcaacaagaagtatgcggcaaaggctccgagtgagaacaagcttcttactcagcatgtgcgcatcggactcgatggcagaaagcacagaagaaaccttaatgtcctcgtcatcggaggctccggtgcaggtaaaacgagattttattgcaagccaaacctgatgcaggcaaatacttcctttgttgtgctggacccgaagggtgaacagcttagagcagtcggcggacttcttgagaaggaaggctatgaggtcagagtacttgacctgataaacatggaaaagagccattgctataatccgtttgtttatctgaggaatgataatgatgtgcaaaggcttgtgactaacctgttcaagtcaactacaccgaaaggtgcgaccagtcaggatcccttctgggatacggcagcacagatgcttctccttgcgctcatcttctatctgaaatatgaggcaccggatgacgaacagaactttgcaatggtgatggaaatgctgagagccggtgatgtggatgaggaagacaatatgccaagtccgctagataacctgttctttgatcttgaaagaacagatccgaatcacattgcactcaagtactatcgttcctatcatgcaggtgcagcaaagaccctgaagtcgattcagattacacttgcagccagacttgagaagttcaaccttgagagccttgcagcattaactatcacagatgagcttgaacttgagaagctcggtgaaagaaaatgtgcgatattcgcactcattccggacaatgac
>gene_4093|Site-specific recombinase XerD
atggggcgtaataaagcattaaactttgaagttcaacgttgcttattttctaaattagcaataggtcaaaaaagacacattgcgaaaataaaaggtgtagcacaagataaaatatttagttatactacatatcataattatttagataatgctaatcgattcgtcaattattgtaaagaaaattataattgtaaaactttaaacgaatgtgaaaaatatgttaatgactatatacaatttaaaagaaaaagtggggcaactgcttatactcaaaaagcctatttatcagcacttggcaaattatataacaaatcatattctgaagaagtagaaactgatgcacgtagtagaactaaaatagtgcgtggacgtatagataccgaaagtcaaagacattttagtgaaaagaataatcacgaattagttaacttttgtaaaaacacaggtctaagaagaaaagaattggaaactttaaaaggtggggcgttattacaagttaatgggaaatattgtattaaggtactaaatggaaagggtgggaaaaaaagaattgttcctattctaaatcaagataaagcaacaatagaaaaaatgctctctacttctaatgaagacctagtttttaagcatatacatagtaaagcaccaatacacgaatatcgtggcgactatgcaagagaatactataattcaatcgctagagatactaccacattatcttctaaagaaaaatatttttgtcgtcgtgatatgcaagggcaagtatatgataaaaaagcattaggtattgttagtaaagcattaggtcataatagagaaaatgtagtagtatctcactatctatattag
>gene_17269|replication protein RepB
atggcagagactgcaacctccgagatttcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcacgattctggacaggcgtcctgtacccagagaacatgagggaggattgggaggttgcgatcggcgacatcgtccagtatccctacgcttactgcaagcacacccaggacaaggacacgaagtcagagcaccgcaaagaccatgtgcatctgatcctggcattcccgaacacgactacatacaagcacgccatgagcgtcttctctcttctctctgcagaggggaagaaggctctcaacaaggttgaggccgtcatcggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctgatccacgacaccgaggcctgcaggaagcagggcaaggagctctactcaaaggacgagcggatcaccggcaacaacttcgatattggtgcctatgagcagcttggcacagcagagaagaacgagatgttcattgagctgagcgaggctatcagaaacaacggcttcaccaactacatggacttctactgccatgtggttgatacatacgaggacatgaactatgtcgaggtgatgagggcccatagtggtcacttcgagagactgaccagggccaatcatcacaagtgggagcagggccgtttggtgtgtccgtcacaggccaaagtccacgaaaagtccacgcaaaagaccacggaagaccacgaaaaatccacgcaaaagaccacggaggacacccctctttgttgccccgaatgtgggtcgattgatgtcgtaaaaaggggtaaaacccttgcaaatacacagcgttggggctgtaaagactgcggcaagaggttcatctga
>gene_55844|Replication protein
atgagaaccccgagaggcgacgtagggggctggtcaaagtcctccaccagatcgaacacacggtttctctacaccgtcgatgagcggaagctgacgggccacggcttcggcctgaccctgacccttcgcacctgtccggagagccacgacgactggcaccggatgcggaaagccttcgaacgtcgaatgcgccggatggggatgatccgcatgcactggctgaccgagtggcagcgtcggggcgtcccacacatgcacgccgccatctggttcgatgaagggctacgtgaccgggacccgctggcaatggcgaccattaccgaccactggctggcgatcgcagaaccctacggtgccggacccggtgggcagcaggtcaaacagctcaccgactccatgggctggttcaaatacctgtcgaagcacgccgtcaggggcctgaaccactatcaacgtagcgaagaaaaccgccccgatgggtggcgtaaaacaggc
>gene_22353|Putative replication protein
atgggtaaagaaaagtataaggaatgtaagttagaaagacataaggaatatattgaactagaaagaatattcaaagatacaacaagtggtaaatgttatgaagcaaatacggtagaagatacattaagttattactttcaagaagtagatagtaagacattctatcagtcaatattttatggattagaggaagaagataagattgagacagggaagtatgtagccatagcgagccaattagattttagtggaaacaagacgcacacgaagaacagaatggtctttgaggggttggatatgatagacgagttaatctatgaggacaactacagaataccccaagaccaagaacatctaacgataatatctggttgtacctttgcaggaagacacagacggaagaagaatgcgagagccttatatgccctcatcattgagatagatgacatcaagtatgcctataacactcccaaaaagagagcgtatataggtatcacagagttgttatgggagatatataacggtatgttgccttgtccgacatacatagcctctagtggtagcggaattcatctgtactatgtctttgaaaagcctataccgttattcgagaatgtctataagtcgttgaatacctataagcaagccctcacgaggcgactatggaatccctatgtcacattcagcaacagaccgaacgagatacagtatgagagtattatccaaggtttcagaatggtcggaacaaggagcaaattgaagtatggtacacggtgtcgggcttataaggtcggaaataaggtaagtgtggaatatatgaaccgctttatagacaaacccgaaaaatatatcatacctgtctatatgtccaagttaacgagagccaaggcaaaggaactatatccgcaatggtatgagaggaaagtagtccgaggagaaaagcgaggaaagtgggtatgtaacgaggctctgtatgagtggtggttaaggcgattatggagtggagaggtgcttgtaggacatagatattatgccctgttgtgcctgtccatatatgccattaagtgtgagatagactatgagagattaaaggcagacgcttatagcctattaccgttctttgagaaatcgtcctttgatgacaataatcattttacggaacatgatgttgaatctgccttgatgatgtataagacgaggggagataatctgacatcatatcccatagcatttatagagaaacatagtggacttgacatcaagaggaacaaaaggagaggcaatactcgtgaacaaagtttaataattgcaaggactatgagagatataaattatcccaatggagaatggagaaagggtaacggaagaaagccaaaggaagatatggtagttgagtggagacagtcgcacccgacaggaacgaaagcccagtgtatcagggagacgggactatcgaaaccaacggtctataagtggtggagttccttatag
>gene_43809|Recombinase (Fragment)
atgtcatatgttatttgcagagttcagaagtttaaaaagcgtggtgtaactaatgttcaaggccacaactggcgtgagaaaagtatttgtaaaacaaacaaagatattgattggactagaacaaaatacaatattcgtcaagactactgtacatcctacagcgacggcatcaaagaacgcattgcaaaattgccaaaactgcaacgccataacaaagacggcagtataacaaacataaaaaggcgaaaagatacgatttacatggctgatgtatttgtgggagcgtctccagagtttttcggaaaaaattgggatgcgtcaacttttacaaaaagccgacaatatcaatattttttggatgctgttgagttttttaaaaagcaatacggcgaagaaaatattttgggatacacaatacacctggacgaaaaaacacctcatatgcatttgcaagttgttccaataaaagacaacaaattaaatgcccgggacctctggacaccagacacacttgaaaaattgcaggatgatgtatgggagcaggtaggaaaaaagcacggcttggatcgtggcaagagcaagcgccatactggaaaagcgcgtaagcatatccccaccagagaatacaaggctttaatggatgagcgtaacaggctcgcagacgagcgtacaatcatcgaaaatgagctgttaaacatcaaacaaatggaaagcgagatacacgccaaatgggaaaaaatagaggctctggagctcacagacgagcaatttgacaaggtgttagattttgcacggcaaacaaaagaaaccgacgagatgatgttcagcgaagtaacgccgaaatag
>gene_50292|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atggcagagactgcaacctccgagatttcggaggctttttttatggcaaaaatcgacaaggcccgcttttggacgggcgttctctatccggagaacatgagaccagactggcaagaagtcataggcgataccttgcagcatccctatgcctactgccagcacacccaggacaaggacagtaagtcagagcaccggaaagaccacgtgcatctgatcctggctttcccgaacacgaccacgtataagcacgccttgagtgtcatggatctgctttctgccgagggtaagaaagccatcaataagtgcgaggccgtcatcggcatccgcaacgtctatgattatctaatccatgataccgaggactgcaagaagaaaggcaaggagctctacccgaaggagagccggatcaccggcaacaacttcgacattggtgcctatgagcagctgggagcagctgagaagcacgagatcttcctggagcttggcagagccattcgagagaacggcttcatgaactacatggacttttacgagtacgtggtcgatacatacgaggacatcaatttcgttgaggtcttccggacttatagcagccactttgagagaatgaccaggggcaattatcagcggtgggagcggggtcaacttcgcccttctcgtgtgtctaacccctcttcgtcacaatctcagacacacgaaagtgtgtctgagacacacgaaaacaacacggaagacacaccgatttgctgccccgaatgtgggtcgatttcggttaagaaaaacggtaaaacccttgcaaatactacacgttggcggtgtaacgattgcggaaagtccttcacctga
>gene_28831|replication protein RepB
atggcgaagcttacggaaagacagaatatgcaggtcgaagcaggtcggcaaatgtcggtttttaaaagagacgatatgatacaaaaagcgcgcttcagcttatcaatacaggagcagagaactatcctgtatgcaatcagcaaaataaagccgaaggacagcgtttttgccgaatacacctttgacattaaggacttttacgctttatgcggtatcgaggatcaaagttataccaggttgaaacaaatgctaatagggctcaagcaaaaagcgtggtgggtagaaactgcgccgggcgaagaaagcacagtcagctggtttagtaaggtcagaacgaataagaagtccggcaaggtaacaatccgctttgacgatgatatgatgccatacttgctgcagctcgccgaacaagaagcgttttataccagctacaacctgcaatacgtgcttccgatgcagagccaatacagtcctcggctctatgaggtgcttaaatcgtatcagaagaataaccgacgttggttttttgatattgacgagctgaaaaggctcctcgattgccaaaattataaaaatttcaatgatttcaagaaacgtgctcttgacccggcaatcaatgaggtcaacaaatacacggatataaaaatagcgtatcagcccataaaagaggggcgcaaagtcgcacggatcgagtttttgatgaaggcaaagagtgccgcagccgaagcgcaggcaagacttgaaggctctcaagctatggacgggcaaatggatatggaagaggttatgaagaattacgctgaatacaaagagcagatgagattcttctttgaggacgataaataa
>gene_56517|replication protein RepB
atggcgaagcttacggaaagacagaatatgcaggtcgaagcaggtcggcaaatgtcggtttttaaaagagacgatatgatacaaaaagcgcgcttcagcttatcaatacaggagcagagaactatcctgtatgcaatcagcaaaataaagccgaaggacagcgtttttgccgaatacacctttgacattaaggacttttacgctttatgcggtatcgaggatcaaagttataccaggttgaaacaaatgctaatagggctcaagcaaaaagcgtggtgggtagaaactgcgccgggcgaagaaagcacagtcagctggtttagtaaggtcagaacgaataagaagtccggcaaggtaacaatccgctttgacgatgatatgatgccatacttgctgcagctcgccgaacaagaagcgttttataccagctacaacctgcaatacgtgcttccgatgcagagccaatacagtcctcggctctatgaggtgcttaaatcgtatcagaagaataaccgacgttggttttttgatattgacgagctgaaaaggctcctcgattgccaaaattataaaaatttcaatgatttcaagaaacgtgctcttgacccggcaatcaatgaggtcaacaaatacacggatataaaaatagcgtatcagcccataaaagaggggcgcaaagtcgcacggatcgagtttttgatgaaggcaaagagtgccgcagccgaagcgcaggcaagacttgaaggctctcaagctatggacgggcaaatggatatggaagaggttatgaagaattacgctgaatacaaagagcagatgagattcttctttgaggacgataaataa
>gene_51405|Replication protein (Fragment)
atggcgaagattacagaaagacagcatatgcaggtcgaagcaggtcggcaaatgtcggtttttaaaagagacgatatgatacaaaaagcgcgcttcagcttatcaatacaggagcagagaactatcctgtatgcaatcagcaaaataaagccgaaggacagcgtttttgccgaatacacctttgacattaaggacttttacgctttatgcggtatcgaggatcaaagttataccaggttgaaacaaatgctaatagggctcaagcaaaaagcgtggtgggtagaaactgcgccgggcgaagaaagcacagtcagctggtttagtaaggtcagaacgaataagaagtccggcaaggtaacaatccgctttgacgatgatatgatgccatacttgctgcagctcgccgaacaagaagcgttttataccagctacaacctgcaatacgtgcttccgatgcagagccaatacagtcctcggctctacgaggtgcttaaatcgtatcagaagaataaccgacgttggttttttgatattgacgagctgaaaaggctcctcgattgccaaaattataaaaatttcaatgatttcaagaaacgtgctcttgacccggcaatcaatgaggtcaacaaatacacggatataaaaatagcgtatcagcccataaaagaggggcgcaaagtcgcacggatcgagtttttgatgaaggcaaagagtgccgcagccgaagcgcaggcaagacttgaaggctctcacgctatggacggacaaatggatatggaagaggttatgaagaattacgctgaatacaaagagcagatgagattcttctttgaggacgataaataa
>gene_937|Replicase family
atgaaaatatatgataaaacagcatttaaatcaagtgtaagcaaagctaaaaaaatctattgctctaacaatctagtttttggattaaaattgcttcctgtgaaaaatgctctcgaatacaaatacatacaagcaaacaatggtgaagctatcaagtttttaatcattgatttagatcacaaccagccgctgatgtttgaagaagttggcttacctgcccccaattttattgtgatagacgacaagaaaggtacaagccattacttatacgctatcagtaagccaattttcaagaactacacagaaaatcaaaaagcattaaattactttgctaaaatccaacaagcatacacaaaagctttaaaaggcgatccactctatgctggcatgattgctaaaaatccccttcataaacattggaaaacctggaatagcaatccatataattcttatgatttagatgagctagctgattatgttgagcttcctcaaagattaaccaaaagagaagcaataggggaggggcgaaattgttggctatttgatacagtgagaaaatgggcttacaaagaagttttattttataaagcaaatggagcaacagaagcggatttttataatcttgttttgaataaactagaaaaatcaaatgtttttaacagttctttacccttagattttaacgaattgaagcatattgcaaaaagtatctcaaaatggacttggaaacatttttcagtagaaaaatttagtgagatacaaacagcaagacaagcaaaaagaaaatcggtaagacagaaaagagtaaacaaagagattttaaaaaatgaacttaaattttcctaa
>gene_29170|replication initiation protein
atgagctttgatgaagtaattgaactgagcaaaaaaagagaacataaggtatcgaaaagtaatgttctgatacagcgtagcagatatgagctgtctgtatcagaacaaagagctgttgcttacatatgttccatgataaaaccaaggtctgccacagacaggctgatgaaaactccgtacgaattggagtatgcttttgatatattagaatacgctaaggtgtgcgggatagaagataatggcagggtttacgaagaaaccaaggcacttttgcatggattaataaaaaaagtgtattggatcactttgccagacggtacagaaactactgtgaattgggtaaataaggtttggacaaataagcgtagcggaaaagcaaaaataagactagatgaggatatgacaccatatctgttcgacttacaggagaagtttactgcctatggtttgtatgagattttgaagatgaaaagccagtattccataagactttacgagattttcgaatcttacgaatggcagaaaagcaaaacatttgaagtggaagagctgaagcgcttgctgatggtagaaaatataaaatcatacaacgactttagtttgtttagagcgagagtattagaaactgcgctcgatgaaatcaataagtatacaagtctcaaggtgagtatggaacctataaccaagggcagaaaagtcgtcagcatcaagttccgcttgctggatgcaaaaaaagagcttgaacgcaagagcagaatacgcgaaatgacagaagaagaaaaacgcgaatatgacgagcttatagagcatgcggtgcagacgagtttattcgacaaaaagcagtaa
>gene_56851|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgggaaaaatcgataaagcgcggttttggaccgcggttctctacccagagaacatgaaagaagggtggcaagatgtcgtaggcgatactttgcagcacccttacgcatactgcatacatactcaggataaagacacaaagtcggagcaccgcaaggatcacgtgcatatgatcctggcgttcccgaacacgacaacgtacaagcacgccatgaacgtgttcgaccttctttccgccgatggaaagaaggctctgaacaagtgcgaggcggtcatcagtatccgtaacgtgtatgattacctcattcacgatacggacgattgtcgtaagaagggcaaggagctgtacccgaaggaagccaggatcaccggcaacaacttcgatatcggtgcctacgagcagctgggcgccgcagagaagcacgcgatgttcctggagctgagcgaagacatcagagaatacggctttaccaactacatggatttttatatccacgtggttgatacatacgaggatataaactacatcgagatcttccggacctacagtagccattttgagaggttaaccagggcaaattaccaacgttgggaacaagaacaacgtggtgttaaacccaccccgtcacagagccaggcacacggccaggcacacgaagcacacgaaaagcacacgaaaagcacacaagaaagcacacaaatttgctgtccggaatgcggttctgtggacgttataaaaaagggcaaaacccttgcaaataggcagcgttgggcatgtaaggactgcaaaaaaacctttgtaggagagcgtgaagagtcacattcttttcaggacactacgacctga
>gene_15634|DNA replication protein
atgcaatcttccgctgacaaaaacaaactcatcagagctgtaaacaagtctttatcttccgaagaaagacgagctgacgaattggaacaaagacagtacaattcccttgttgttaaatcgaatgtagcaatacaaaaagcacgttacagtttatcgttacagcaacaaaaaatactctgctatctgattacggaactgaaagacaccgacaccaaagatactgaaaaaatcttctccataaaagcattttatgagtttatggaagtcggcaacaaagattatgacaaggtgcgacaagctctgcaaggtatccgcaataaatcgtggtgggtgcaagacgaaaatggggttgatgtgctgctgtcattcttcaatactgtccgctgtgataagcgtaccagtagagtacgtattaaatggcacgaagatatgctcccatacttgcagaacctacgcaagatgtttacccagtaccgcctttggtacataatgacaatgaaatcagagtacagcataaggctgtatgaattgctgaaatctgtcgaaaataaaaccctttgggagttttccattgatgaattaaagcataagtttatgtgtgaaaattatacacgatttaatgatttcaaaaaaagagtaatcgacacagcggtaaacgaaatcaatgctatgaccgatattacggtatcttatgagcttttcaagtatggggatagtggtagagcttacacccatatcgaatttaccattgagccgaaaagtacggaagaacgtattgcaatagaccatctcattcgtaatgagcttgacaaaaatcagttgacgattgatgattactgtcaatag
>gene_57323|replication protein RepB
atgactgcaaaggcattttatacgagattaaagcaacctccgaagaaaatcggaggattttttatggccaaaatcgataaggcccgcttctggacaggtgtcctgtacccagagaatatgcgggaggactgggagatcgccataggcgatatcgtgcagtacccatatgcgtactgcaagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccatgtgcatctgatcctggccttcccgaacaccactacatacaaacacgccatgagcgtgttcagcctcctttctgcagaaggcaagaaggcgctgaataaggtcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctgatccacgataccgaagcctgcaggaagcagggcaaggagctgtacccgacagaggagcggatcaccggcaacaactttgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagtgctgcggacaagcaccagatgttcctggagttgagcaatgccattcgtgagaacggctttaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgttgccgatacatacgaggatatcaactatttcgaggtcttccggacctacagcagccactttgagaggctgaccagaggcaattatcagcggtgggagagaggccagttgcgtgtggatcgcggcgctaatcaagctccgtcacagacagaaacacacgaaaacacacacgaaaacacgccgatttgctgtccagaatgcggctctatttctgtcataaaaaacgggaaaacccttgcaaatactatacgttggcggtgcaaggactgcggtaaatccttcgtctga
>gene_29312|replication protein RepB
atggccaaaatcgataaggcccgcttctggacaggtgtcctgtacccagagaatatgcgggaggactgggagatcgccataggcgatatcgtgcagtacccatatgcgtactgcaagcacacccaggacaaggacaccaagagcgagcaccggaaggaccatgtgcatctgatcctggccttcccgaacaccactacatacaaacacgccatgagcgtgttcagcctcctttctgcagaaggcaagaaggcgctgaataaggtcgaggcggtcataggcattcgcaatgtctatgactatctgatccacgataccgaagcctgcaggaagcagggcaaggagctgtacccgacagaggagcggatcaccggcaacaactttgacattggcgcctatgagcagctgagtgctgcggacaagcaccagatgttcctggagttgagcaatgccattcgtgagaacggctttaccaactacatggacttctacgagttcgttgccgatacatacgaggatatcaactatttcgaggtcttccggacctacagcagccactttgagaggctgaccagaggcaattatcagcggtgggagagaggccagttgcgtgtggatcgcggcgctaatcaagctccgtcacagacagaaacacacgaaaacacacacgaaaacacgccgatttgctgtccagaatgcggctctatttctgtcataaaaaacgggaaaacccttgcaaatactatacgttggcggtgcaaggactgcggtaaatccttcgtctga
>gene_42681|Plasmid recombination protein
atgccacaaggtaaaggtagccagctccataacagacgagaatatgagaagataggtaagcctatcccagacaacattgatgtctccaaaagctcggagaacatcactctggtcgataaggatataaagcaagcctatcaagaaatcttcggtgaagctctggagaagtacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagctgaccgaaagatagaggactactgcgaccacatcaagaagtcgaagaacggcgaaaagctgttctatgaggatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggacttccagaagccagagatgagggagagagccaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgtaaagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggggcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagcccccatttgcacctcgactatatcccagtagcccagggatatacaagagggcttgagaccaggaactccctggacaaagcaatgaagcaaatgggctaccaaccagagaaagagagccgaaagaacaatgccacgaagctctggaaagagaatgaaaggtcggtttttggcgaaatctgtcgaaatatggggcttgaggtcgaagccgagcgaaaagccagagggagcttgtcggtcgaggaatacaaggaagtacgagaccagatgataggcgagattgagcaggagaaagaagccattgtcgcagaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaagaccggcatagacgagatagacaccaccggcacgaagttgccgtttggtgtagtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggttaaggaacaggcgaaagcctacaccgcaaaccgagacgagataggagagatgcgagagcgttccgctgctgtttctcggagagagcagcgagcggatcagcgagagcagctcctcgacaacaaggcaaatgagctggcaaggcaacagcaa
>gene_17068|Plasmid recombination protein
atgccacaaggtaaaggtagccagctccataacagacgagaatatgagaagataggtaagcctatcccagacaacattgatgtctccaaaagctcggagaacatcactctggtcgataaggatataaagcaagcctatcaagaaatcttcggtgaagctctggagaagtacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagctgaccgaaagatagaggactactgcgaccacatcaagaagtcgaagaacggcgaaaagctgttctatgaggatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggacttccagaagccagagatgagggagagagccaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgtaaagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggggcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagcccccatttgcacctcgactatatcccagtagcccagggatatacaagagggcttgagaccaggaactccctggacaaagcaatgaagcaaatgggctaccaaccagagaaagagagccgaaagaacaatgccacgaagctctggaaagagaatgaaaggtcggtttttggcgaaatctgtcgaaatatggggcttgaggtcgaagccgagcgaaaagccagagggagcttgtcggtcgaggaatacaaggaagtacgagaccagatgataggcgagattgagcaggagaaagaagccattgtcgcagaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaagaccggcatagacgagatagacactaccggcacgaagttgccgtttggtgtagtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggtcaaggaacaggcgaaagcctacaccgcaaaccgagacgagataggagagctgcgagagcgttccgctgctgtttctcggagagagcagcgagcggatcagcgagagcagctcctcgacaacaaggcaaatgagctggcaaggcaacagcaacagcttcagcagatgtaccaaagacagctcaatcttaatcagctcttggagaagtcagagcaagacggtagagccaaagacaaacagatagcagacctgcaaacagagaacgcctctctgaggggtcaaattcgctctctgacggctcaaatggacgaaatcaaggcagagctatgggataagataaataatctcagagacaagctcagaggggcttatgagagccttacgaatgtggttaaggcggtgggtatgctcaagtatgaccgagagaaagaccagaacggcaactacacctatggcaagtacggtatcagcaatctgagcaaggctcaagagaagctgattgacggcttggcagagtacggagcgaagtgggcgaaagaggacggcttcccagagatggcagaggagatggaaaagcgtgtcggtatcagcaagggcatagagaaaatcgtagagccacctgctccgaagcgttccaaaggttgggagatggagctttaa
>gene_37531|recombinase
atgccacaaggtaaaggtagccagctccataacagacgagaatatgagaagataggtaagcctatcccagacaacattgatgtctccaaaagctcggagaacatcactctggtcgataaggatataaagcaagcctatcaagaaatcttcggtgaagctctggagaagtacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagctgaccgaaagatagaggactactgcgaccacatcaagaagtcgaagaacggcgaaaagctgttctatgaggatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggacttccagaagccagagatgagggagagagccaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgtaaagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggggcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagcccccatttgcacctcgactatatcccagtagcccagggatatacaagagggcttgagaccaggaactccctggacaaagcaatgaagcaaatgggctaccaaccagagaaagagagccgaaagaacaatgccacgaagctctggaaagagaatgaaaggtcggtttttggcgaaatctgtcgaaatatggggcttgaggtcgaagccgagcgaaaagccagagggagcttgtcggtcgaggaatacaaggaagtacgagaccagatgataggcgagattgagcaggagaaagaagccattgtcgcagaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaagaccggcatagacgagatagacaccaccggcacgaagttgccgtttggtgtagtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggttaaggaacaggcgaaagcctacaccgcaaaccgagacgagataggagagatgcgagagcgttccgctgctgtttctcggagagagcagcgagcggatcagcgagagcagctcctcgacaacaaggcaaatgagctggcaaggcaacagcaacagcttcagcagatgtaccaaagacagctcaatcttaatcagctcttggagaagtcagagcaagacggcagggcgaaagacaagaagatagcagacctgcaaacagagaatacctctctaaggggtcaaattcgctccctgacggctcaaatggaccaaatcaaggcagaactatgggataagataaataacctcacagacaagctcaagggggcttacgaaagccttatgaatgtcgttaaggcggtgggtatgctcaagtatgaccgagagaaagaccagaacggtaactacacctatggcaagtacggtatcagcaatctgagcaaggctcaagat
>gene_58116|Mob protein
atgccacaaggtaaaggtagccagctccataacagacgagaatatgagaagataggtaagcctatcccagacaacattgatgtctccaaaagctcggagaacatcactctggtcgataaggatataaagcaagcctatcaagaaatcttcggtgaagctctggagaagtacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagctgaccgaaagatagaggactactgcgaccacatcaagaagtcgaagaacggcgaaaagctgttctatgaggatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggacttccagaagccagagatgagggagagagccaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgtaaagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggggcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagcccccatttgcacctcgactatatcccagtagcccagggatat
>gene_29314|Plasmid recombination protein
atgccacaaggtaaaggtagccagctccataacagacgagaatatgagaagataggtaagcctatcccagacaacattgatgtctccaaaagctcggagaacatcactctggtcgataaggatataaagcaagcctatcaagaaatcttcggtgaagctctggagaagtacaacgcaaagcagaaacgagctgaccgaaagatagaggactactgcgaccacatcaagaagtcgaagaacggcgaaaagctgttctatgaggatgtggtgcagtggggcagtaaagaggacttccagaagccagagatgagggagagagccaaagaagcccttgtgcagtatgtaaagggcttcgaggaacgaaacccgaatttgaagctcataggggcttatatccatatggacgaagcaagcccccatttgcacctcgactatatcccagtagcccagggatatacaagagggcttgagaccaggaactccctggacaaagcaatgaagcaaatgggctaccaaccagagaaagagagccgaaagaacaatgccacgaagctctggaaagagaatgaaaggtcggtttttggcgaaatctgtcgaaatatggggcttgaggtcgaagccgagcgaaaagccagagggagcttgtcggtcgaggaatacaaggaagtacgagaccagatgataggcgagattgagcaggagaaagaagccattgtcgcagaggtcgagcctttgcgagaactcaagaccggcatagacgagatagacactaccggcacgaagttgccgtttggtgtagtagcgataaagaaaaaagaccttgaagcggtcaaggaacaggcgaaagcctacaccgcaaaccgagacgagataggagagctgcgagagcgttccgctgctgtttctcggagagagcagcgagcggatcagcgagagcagctcctcgacaacaaggcaaatgagctggcaaggcaacagcaacagcttcagcagatgtaccaaagacagctcaatcttaatcagctcttggagaagtcagagcaagacggtagagccaaagacaaacagatagcagacctgcaaacagagaacgcctctctgaggggtcaaattcgctctctgacggctcaaatggacgaaatcaaggcagagctatgggataagataaataatctcagagacaagctcagaggggcttatgagagccttacgaatgtggttaaggcggtgggtatgctcaagtatgaccgagagaaagaccagaacggcaactacacctatggcaagtacggtatcagcaatctgagcaaggctcaagagaagctgattgacggcttggcagagtacggagcgaagtgggcgaaagaggacggcttcccagagatggcagaggagatggaaaagcgtgtcggtatcagcaagggcatagagaaaatcgtagagccacctgctccgaagcgttccaaaggttgggagatggagctttaa
>gene_20184|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgcacattcgcaaaatcaagctagcgggcgcgtatggtgaccttgcgcataacggacgcgtagacggatatacgcctgacaaaaacagcagaagcaagattgacgcgacgcggacagggcgcaattacgcgattgacgcaaacggtcaacgtgtaatgcctgacgtgttgatgcgacgtggcaaggcgatgctgacggatgcgcgggatacgcacatgcgaacaacagggcgcaaggtacgtaaggacgcggttggcatggtcagtacggttgtcacgttgccgaaagattggccgactgacctgcccgttaacgacttttttaccttggtcaaccaatgggctcgtgactactggaaaccgcaaaggctaatcgggtcgtttgtacatctcgacgaaactagcccacacatgcacattgacacaatcccgctcgtagatggcaagctaaacgcaaacgcattgatgaccaggcaaaaataccgtgatgcgcataccagtttgcaagattacatcgctaacgaaacgggccatcgcgtagcgattttgcttgatgaggatgacgcggttggcaaggcgcttagcaagattccgcacgacaagcttgatgaggtaaagaaggcgtttgaccagcgcaaacagcaactagacgcgttggaaaaatcactttatgcgtataagctggagcttgatgagcgtgagaaccaactcaaacaacgcgaaaaggcttgcggcatagcggaattcgagcaagcgcatcccgctccattgcccgttagcgacgccgtgagccgcctagaacagctcgacgagaaaaaagcgcctgaatggtcgttccgatga
>gene_28902|Site-specific recombinases, DNA invertase Pin homologs
atggagaccaaaccaagagaaaaagcctatatttatactcgtgtttccactgctatgcaggtggatgggtttagtttggacgcacagcgagaagaaataaaaaaatatgctaaataccgaaatattgaaattgtcggagagtattgtgatgagggtaaatccggcaagaacaccaagaaccgaaccgagttcaataaaatgcttaatgacatcagaattaaaaaagataatgtccgttatgtattggtgtttaagttatccagatttgcacgtaatgctgctgatacccttgaaaatttacgagcaatgcagaattgtggtgttgatttaatttgcaccgaagatgggcaggatagttcatcaagtagtggtaaattaatgatttccattttgtcagcatttgcagaaatggaattggagaatatccacacccagacaatggcaggacgtcgccagaaagcaaaagaaggcaaatggaatggtggttttgctccttatggttatatactctcaaatggtgagttaaaggtcgttgaagatgaagcaaaaactgttaaatatatattcaaactctttacagaaacctctttgggtgctaatggtgtagcaaagagattaaatgccgagggcatagtaaagaataagagaccaaacggcacaaatacatttttcacaagcgactttataaagaaaactattgataacactgtttataagggtaaaattgcatatggtcgccgtatcacagaaaaattgcctggtggagatggaagaacccatattgtaaaacaacaggatgaggataaaatcattatttctgacggaatacacgaggcactt
>gene_17869|Replication protein
atggccacgttcactttaagaaattgcaaggaagaagatttatcaaaaacaatagataaattgctcgaaggatatcacagactgttaaaatataagcgaatggaatttgtaaaaggttatattcgctctttagaaataacctacaacaggaacagaaatgattatcatcctcacattcatgcaatttttgtcgtgagcggggactatttccgctcaaattcttatattgccgccgaggagctatcgttactctggaaaaaggcaacaaaatcggattacataccagaaacagacatcagacgagtagtaaaccgaaacggaaaaatcccatgcatagaagcaatgaaatattgctataagccgcagtggggcttaacagggcatcagtaccttgtttatgctcaaaatcttaaaggtcgccgcataataacattcggcggggaactaaaagcgctgcgaaaaatcgactttgataatctttgcgatgatataaacacaaaaagctctccagtagcctatgcttttttattaaaattcaatgcttcgggcggtatatatgaattggaaaaggagtattaa
>gene_30258|Putative Rep protein
aagaaaatgcttcaaaaattacaacattatgtgggatattctggaaattataatgttgatattccccgcctaataaataatattagattctgcgcttcttttataagtgccgccataacagaaagcggggaaacaaagattataaattctaatttttgcagggagcggctttgcgccgtctgtgcgtggcggcggcagagcaaatttatagcgacaacataccccgcattaaattatttaaccgaaaaaggcaataaattcataatggcaacgttcactttaagaaattgcaaggaagaagatttatcaaaaacaatagacaaattacttgaaggatatcaccgactaataaaatataagcgaatggaatttgtgaaaggatatatccgctctttggaaataacctacaacaggaaccgcaatgattatcatccgcacattcatgcaatttttgtcgtgagcggggactatttccgctcaaattcttatattgccgccgaagaactatcattgctctggaaaaaggcaacaaaatcggattacatgccagaaatagacataagacgagtagtaaaccgaaacggaaaaatcccatgcatagaagcaatgaaatattgttataagccgcaatggggcttaacagggcatcagtaccttgtttatgctcaaaatcttaaaggtcgccgcataataacattcggcggggaactaaaagcactgcggaaactcgactttgataatctttgcgatgatataaattcgaaaaactctaccgttgcctatgcttttttattaaaattcaatgcttcgggcggaatatatgaattagaaaaggagtattaa
>gene_56993|Putative plasmid replication protein (Fragment)
atgcgcataacaaaaagcccgccccatctgattgacagagcgggcgggattttgtataatacggtcaaggcaatcggcgcttccaacaccgattgcaagtacgcgaggtcacgactcggcatacctaccagtagggatattatacccactggagcgtggaatgtcaatacatccaagtgcgtgacctccgagaaatcggaggatttttttatgcaaaaatcgagtaaaatcaccaaaacaaggttttgggtgggcgttctctaccaagagaatatgcgtgaggactggcgagaagccataggcgacatcgttcagctcccatacgcgtattgcgaacacaccgccgacaaggacagtaagagtgaacaccgcaaagaccacgttcacatcatactggcgttccccaacacgactacatacaaccacgccatgggcgtattctctctgctctcggcagagggaagacaagccctgaacacggcgcaagcggtaatcggtattcgtaattgctatgactatctcatacacgataccgagtccgcgcagaagcagggcaaggagctgtacccgcccgaagctcgcatcaccggcaacaacttcgatattggctcgtatgagcagttgggcatagccgagaagaacgctatctttatcgagctgagcaacgctatcaaggacaatgggtacacaaactatatggacttctacgagtatgtggtcgagacctacgaggatatgaactacatcgaggtaatgagaagttacagtagccactacgaaagactcaccaaagccaactatcagaagtggcagcagggtcatttggagtgtccgtcacaa
>gene_55533|protein rep
atgactatatatgatccggaaagggcagagaaaatcaggaactgcggtacatatctggaattcgtacgcacaccggacaataaaaactccttgcatcacgcgaatttctgcagagagagaatgtgcccgatgtgtcagtggagaagatcaataaagctcggagtccaagcggatcagatttacaaagcactgtcagagcgagggtatcagcatgtgtttgtaactctgacagtaagaaactgcactcgtaaagagctcaataaaactgtcgacgagcttatagaagcggcacagagattcagacggacaaaactgtacaaggatgctttcaaaggatcgtacagggcactcgaaatcacgtataatccaaaggaggaaacatatcacccgcatttccattacctcatgacggtcgatcaggattatttcaccggtgataattacgtgagccttgatgatctgattgcggcatggagagcggcggcaaggcttgactatgatccgtctgtctcgatcgaagctgtacgtcagaagacgggacagacgatcacctcggcatgcgcggagatgtgcaagtaccccgtcaagtcagccgaaatcaagagcgcaactgtgcttgagaccatcgacaaggcgctccggggtcggcgtctgatccagtggggcggagtggctgcacaggtacgcaaggaacttaatttggacgatgtcgagagcggaaacctcatcaacatggatgagaacgcggttagcgaaactcctctcgaaaaggttgtgtatatttggcgttacgggctgtacgtcccccttgacatagaagcggttcgcagtcgcgccatttga
>gene_1696|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
atggagcatcacagatgggacgatttgcgcgtcctcttaaaggatatgcagaaagcaagtgagaaattctggcgtaacggcactattcgcagaatctggaaagaaaacttcaattatcgaataacggcactagaaatcatgttcggctttgaggacatagaaggcaacggcggcaacggcgcacacccacacaaacacattttaataataggcaaaaagggcgttgatattgcctatgtccaagagcaatttgaaaaagcctggctaaaggctttaggcggcaaaggcaaagagggcgttgctctgaaacttgaactttgtgaagagggtaaagacgttgcggagttcggcaaaaggtatcttacaaaagaggcctgtgaaatctcgctcggctccgtcagaaagaaaggacatggggaaagcttcacattctttcagcttgcaagactgtccatgacgtttccttatcttcgccagtggcttgagcctatgatggttgcgtattatcaagccacgaaagggaaaagacagcttgttttttcagatggtctaaaaaagcggttcggtgtccaagacaagacagacgatgaactcgcagaggaaagcggagagaaaataaagaaattggcggtagtctcaaataaagactactgggcaaaacttctgcattcggacattgcagaaactcggattttgtgccgtgatggagatagagagggcttgcggctttatcttcggagtaaaggcattttgccttttgattcggtggagcaaatgcaagacgttttaaatggttgcattttgcaaccaaagggggaaagtgtagatgagtgcgctacatga
>gene_34870|Replication initiation protein
atgctgctctatctcatttcgacgatcaagccacaagattccggcgaggagctatataccttcaacatcacagacttttgcgatgcggtcggtctggatcgctcagaagggtattatcacaatctcaaagcacaactgaaagcccttgcagattccagtgtctggattcgcatggaggacaacaaggagcatttgttcagatggattgaggatcctgtcatagatcctggctccggcacagtcgagatccagttcaagaagattgtcaggccatacctattcgacctcaaagccaggtacacccagtacaagtttatcgaggtcgccaggcttaaatccaaatatgcaatacgcctctttgaactgctgagatcatacacgacacaggagaagctatcgaacggccaggaagtagaccagcctttcacggtcgatgaactaaagctcagaatggacgcaaccgaaacatacaagcgctattttgatttcaagaagcgtgttttaattcccgcggtcgatgaaatcaacgcatgcagcgacaccatgcacattgattttgaggagcacaggagaggaaacgccatcaaggccattatcttcaccattggtgcccctaaagccctggaaacgctaaatgccaggtcagagacgcgcaaacgattggaccacatgagctactga
>gene_15513|initiator RepB protein
atgtcgttattctatgttacaatggcgatggaggcgatactcatggcacgaaagacagcccaggatttacaacgtatagaccaggctcgaggatggtacattgcaaaatcaaacgagctgatccaacacagccgatacagtctgccaattacccagcaaaaaatgctgctctacctcatttcgaagatcaagccacaagattccggcgaggagctatataccttcaacatcacagacttttgtgatgcggtcggcctggatcgctcagaagggtattatcacaatctcaaagcacaactgaaagcccttgcagattccagtgtctggattcgcatggaggacaacaaggagcatttgttcagatggattgaggatcctgtcatagatcctggctccggcacagtcgagatccagttcaagaagattgtcaggccatacctattcgacctcaaagccaggtacacccagtacaagtttatcgaggtcgccaggcttaaatccaaatatgcaatacgcctctttgaactgctgagatcatacacgacacaggagaagctatcgaacggccaggaagtagaccagcctttcacggtcgatgaactaaagctcagaatggacgcaaccgaaacatacaagcgctattttgatttcaagaagcgtgttttaattcccgcggtcgatgaaatcaacgcatgcagcgacaccatgcacattgattttgaggagcacaggagaggaaacgccatcaaggccattatcttcaccattggtgcccctaaagccctggaaacgctaaatgccaggtcagagacgcgcaaacgattggaccacatgagctactga
>gene_53177|replication protein PDa0002, partial
atgccgatagcgaaagtgtaccgccatggcctgaccatgggcacaccccccacccggaacgatcacatgcgcgggaaacgcgacgttgtggccggctggaccgaccagagcacccggtcgaacacccgattcctctactccgtcgatgagcgaaagctcacgggctacggcttcgccctgtccctgacgatcaaggattgcccgcccaccgccgccgactggaagaaggtccgcgaagccttcgccgcccgcctgcgtcgcatgggcatgatccggatgcattggctcaccgagtggcagcgccgcggggttccccacatgcacgccgcggtctggttcgatgaagggctggcagaacgggaccgcttcgccctggccaccatcgccgaccactgggtcgcggcggccggggctttcggggccggccggcgcgggcagcacatcgcccagatcgatgacgcgatcggatggttccagtacctctcaaagcacgccgtccggggcctcgggcactaccagcgcaacagcgccaacatgcccgctggctggaccaccacgggccgcatgtggggccacctcggggactggccgaccgacgaggcaatcgccttccggatcgaccacgcggccgccgctgctctacgtcgagttatcagggggtggagacgggctgacgctcgagcctccggggaccgccgccgcatcgtctccgcccggaccatgctgaagtgccaccagcgcgagctatccgccgtccgggggatctccgagtggttcccgcaggagctggccgacctcgccctcctgaacctcgccacgcggggcttcgacgttcggtgttga
>gene_53606|RepXfA
atgcgcgcacgccgcgacgttgtgaccggctggaccgaccagagcacccggtcaaatacccgcttcctctactccgtcgatgagcgaaagctcacgggccacggcttcgccctgtcgctcacggtgaaggactgcccgcccacggctgaggactggaaaaaggtacgggaagccttcgttgctcgcctgcgccggatgggtatggttcggatgcactggctgacggaatggcagcgccggggctgcccgcacatgcacgccgccgtctggttcgatgaagggctgcgcgaccgtgaccccttcgccctggccaccattgccgaccactgggtatcagcggccagtgccttcggcgcgggccgccgtgggcagcacatcgcgcaggtcaccgacgcaaagggctggttccagtacctctcaaagcacgctgtccggggcctcattcactaccagcgcagcagttccaacatgcctccgggctggaccaccaccgggcgcatgtggggccacctcggggaatggccgactggcgagcccatcgccttccggatcgaccacaaggccgctgcggccctgcgtagggtcatcagggggtggagacgggccgacgctcgcgcctccggggatcgccgccgcattgtctccgcccggaccatgctcaagtgccaccagcgggagttgtccgccgtccgggggatctcggagtggtttccgcaggagctggccgacctcgcgctcctgaacctcgccacgcggggtttcgacgtccggtgttga
>gene_30540|Initiator RepB protein family
aatatcaaaaagaacgttgaaagccttttagaatttgttgtttgggttccatcagaaaaatataaaaacggaataacagcatgccacatgtttaaggtttgtgaaatttggaaagacgacttaacagaaaagctgatgatggaattagagtgtagcgatgaatttgagcctcatgtctttagaatgaaaaagaattttactacttacgaggtttggaatacattacgtttacattctgtttcagatagcagaatgtatcaactattaaaacaatatcaaactgcaggtgaaagaactatcttaattacggaattaaaagagcaacttggtattgataaaaactcatatccagaatataaaattttttcaagagatgtactgaaaaaatgtcaaaaatcactaaaagaaaacacagatatttgttttgactataaagctttagggcgtccagcaaagagtattaaatttacaattttcgagaatgaaagttacaacaaacaagttactcttgatgaaattggaattaatatcgaagaagctattgaagtggaattctcggaagaagctaaaactcctgaagaaaaacaacgagagttctttagagaacctttcgaaataatcaataaagattgggagataagcgatgataagttagatcacatcgtagctatgataaaagagtctttgccttatggggcttttacatcgattcatgagaaggacatggcagcttacgataagttggaaaacattttaagacatgcaaaagctgaaggagcacgtagcatttatggttggcttgagttcatgttcaccaacacagatttgcttgaaagatattag
>gene_14894|Rep protein
atgaattatcataaagaaccgaataaactattacttgatagtagtctcataattacgacaaatagtaaaatatataatgctaaattggttcaatgtggagattattgtcagttatatttatttgataagaaaaaaatgcgtaaaagcaaagaagataacaatgatttagatttaaaaaaaataaaagttcacaatttggtaacttcggacaaaacccctacccccttaaaattaaatgatactatcgaagaaaaaaatattattaggtctaaattagaatgtcaaagattagcaaaagcaaatatgaaagattggaaaatttttataacactaacttttgctgataatataaccgatattaaaagtgcaaataaaagatttagatatttcatagacaaagtacaacgcataaaaaaagattttaaatatttatgcataacagagttccaaaaacgtggtgcaattcattatcatttattatgcaatatagacattaaagatagaaccctactatatgaacaaaaagataacaaaaagtttttacacattaaatattggaacgacggttttacaagtatagaacctatgaaaagcgatacaaaaaaagtcgtaggttatatatcaaaatatatgacaaaagatatagataatagattatttaatcatcgaagatatttctattctagaaatttaacaaaacccaccgaaagttatatagatttagataacacaagagataatgaatatttacaaaaaataattcaagaaaaagaactgatatatcaaaacgactatataaacccgtatgacaatagcgaagtatctttccttgaattactataa
>gene_52436|conjugal transfer protein TraE
gcctacaccgtcgatcatgctgtttacagccacaagctgaaagcccatgccaaggctgataagttggtggagaaatcagataaagccaatgtggatgaagctacatccagagctttcattgaccttatgtgggcagaagccatgttcatctatcacaatttccctgtaaagctgaccttatctaaggatatggacaaggaactgaaagaactgcaaaagcaattcatgccggaggacaccaaggcaggactgatacagtctttccttgataactacaatggcacacaggtctgctccaagctgatctatgcagaagctcttaaccatccctttgacgagccaaagcaatgggaaatccgagaaatcaacgagataatgaacaacagtattgagggatggacaccgttctccaatccccgtatctttgcaaagtacggcagacagcgaggatgggaacgcaccccaccgtccggcaacgaagaacagactgccacctactccgttgaaatctggaagcgtttcagaaaatggggcggtctgcctacgggtatcacccagaatgttaaagacctgcttcgctcccctgagattgccaacatcctcgaaaactctgacttcatctatatgctgaatcaggcaagtgaggacagaagcatccttgcgaagcgtctgaacatttctccccatcagctgtcctatgtaaccaactccggcgaaggtgaaggacttctgttctacggcaatgtcattctgccgttcatcgacagattcccgaccgacacggaactctaccgcattatgaccacaaagctgaacgaggtggtggctgcaaaggaggagtaa
>gene_38727|Replication protein
atgggaaacccgccgggcagaaacgatcaccagcgggcgaagcgatcgaccgttgaaggctggacagaagccagcacccgccgcaacacgcggtttctctactcggtggacgaacggaagctgaccggcccggggtttggcctgtccctgaccgtccgcgactgccccccggatgccgccgcgtggaagaagctgcgagaggctttcgtggcccgcctgcgccgcatgggcatggtccgcatgcactggctcaccgagtggcagcgccgg
>gene_54953|replicative protein
cactgcatctggatctgggaacagcctgctccattcgtgccgaatgatgacattgccgccatgtggggacatggttttacgaaaaccaaaggagttcagacctgtgacaacatcggagcttacttctctgcatatctggcagacatgcccctgtctgagttcgagcaacttccagagcaggagcaagctgacgcgtacaagtacatatccagcattgaagaaaagacgatatctgaagatggtgtaacgattcagaagaagttcgtaaaaggcgcgcgcctgttcatgtatcctccgggaatgaatatcttgcgtacaagccgaggtctgaaacagcctgatatcgaggtcactaccctcagacaggcagaaaaaaaggtttccgctgcaacagaaaccttctcgtctgctttcgctatcgagatagacggcgaaaaacagaacactatcgtcaagacctactataacacgaaacggcagaaaagtcaagaaaagaaagaagggtag
>gene_6397|replication protein RepB
atgctatcttactacaatgaggggaggttagaccaaatgataagaccaagcgaagagatacacgcattagagaaaaccgtagtaaaagcaaatgagttaatacaaaagagcagatttaatctatcattacagcaacaaaagattgtattatatctaatttcacagataacaccgtatgatgaagattttaagttgtatgaattttcaatacaagaattttgtaaagtgtgcgggatagatttaggacactatgcggaattaaaagaacagataaaaataatagcagataaaagtatttggattacattaccaaacggaaaagaaacattgttaagatggatagaaaaaccctatgtaaatgaaagagatggaataatacaaattaaattagatagggatatgaaaccttatcttttacaattaaaagaaaattttacaagttatgaactgatttggacgctacattttaagagtaaatacacgataagaatgtatgaactaattaaatcaatacattttcacgatttggaagaatacaaaagagagtatcaagtagatgaattaaaaaaattattagatgcagaaaattatgatagatggatacattttaagcaaagagtattagatacagcaataaatgagataaatgattttagtgataagaatgtaaggtatgaaactataagaaaaggacggtcaatagatagaattagatttacaataacatccaaagatacatttgaaaccatagagttaagggatagaattatgaaagaaatgggatacgaacaattaacactatgggatttattcaaagaaaaagggattgttaaaggatga
>gene_15224|Rep50
atggctaaaaaccgagaagagtacgacaagaagtacgaggaaaagcgagccgggcaacgcacccggaactggctggtgatcttctatccggaggatctgccggatgactggaaggagaaggcggacgagctgggcgtgcggtggatcgaaggtcccgttcatgaccaggacgtcaacccggacggtacgcccaagaagacccacatccacaccctgtggatgttcgatgccgttaagcacaagggtcaggtgacaggactgctgcggatgaagttcgcaccggagtcagaggccgaggacagcatcccgggcgtggctactcccatgccctgtagtgaccggtcacagtccgtccggtacatggcccatctggatcatcccagcaaagcgcagtacgatatcgcagagattgtgggtcacaacggcgcagatcctgccgaggtcatgcggtactctgccacagagaccatcaacatgatggtcgccatggaggagtacatcgaggagcatgggatcactgagttggccgacttctctaaggccatccggtacgagaacccggagtggtacacgatcctggcaaccaagatgaccacgtacttcaatgcctttattcggtcgaggcgtcacaagttggagaagggtgacgtcaaccagaagacgcagcggctttcagctgctccccctgttggggagccgcccctgctggtggatgaatccaccggcatggtggtggatcccaagaccggcgaggttctcgccggggatgacgacgatgatggctatggtggcctgacactcggaggcatcctgcacgtggaggaaggtgacgtcaagtga
>gene_1811|Rep50
atggccaaaaatcgagaagagtacgacaagaagtacgaggagaaacgagccggacaacgcaccaggaactggttggtgatcttctatccggaggatctaccggatgactggaaggagaaggcggacgagctgggcgtgcggtggatcgaaggcccggttcacgacaaagacgtcaacccggacggcacgcccaagaagacccacatccacaccctgtggatgttcgatgccatcaagcacaagggccaggtgacaggactgctgcggatgaagttcgcaccggagtcagaggccgaggacagcattcccggcgtggctacccccatgccctgtagtgaccggtcacagtccgtccggtacatggcccatctggatcaccccagtaaggcgcagtacgacattgcagagatcgtgggccacaacggcgcggatcctgccgaggtcatgcggtactccgccacagagaccatcaacatgatggtcgccatggaggagtacatcgaggagcacgggatcaccgaactggccgacttctccaaggccatccggtacgagaacccggagtggtacacgatcctggcaaccaagatgaccacgtacttcaatgccttcatccggtcaagacgtcacaagttggagaagggtgacgttgaccagaagacgcagcggctcgcagctgctccccctgttggggagccgcccctgctggtggacaagtccaccggcctggtggtggatcccaaaaccggcgaggttctcgccggggatgacgacgatgacggctatggtggcctgacactcggaggcatcctgcacgtggaggaggatgacgtcacatga
>gene_35435|Plasmid recombination enzyme
atgccaactcactttgcgattctgcgcgtcgagaaagtcaaatcctttggcgaacttcgagggcgcggcaagcacaatgccaggcacaccgacctgggcattgagcattgtgatccggccacggcccccgaactgatcgccggtcaggatgacgccgccggggcttggaaatccctgatgaccaaggcccgactggaccccaacggcgtgcgcaaaaacgggactgtcgcgctcgaatggatggcgacagcaagcccggaatggttcgcccaagccagcccccaagaggtcgcagaatgggcgcaaaccagcctcgacttcatcaccaagagggcaggggggaagcacaccgttctctctgcccatttccatctcgatgagaccaccccccacctgcagatcctgacctgcccccttgtcaaaaagtcggtgaagaagcgcggccggaaggcagcgggtgcgccggccgaggaagccgaaacagccccagaatggcgcctctcggccaaggatctgatcggcggccacagagaccgcctaagcgccctgcaggacgaatatgcgggggctgtgcagggtctcggcctacaacgcggcctgcctcgaaaggagacaggcgcgcggaacaaacccccctcgaaataccgggcagaactggcgcggcaaggcgatgaacttgccgaacgcgccgcaatcctcaacagcaaggagcgagagatcgaacacagggccgctgttctggcgacgatccgtcggcaaagcggcctcgatgtcccgcaagaccttgaaataatggcgagaccaaaacggcagagatcgggcgacgacccccgcagttga
>gene_43652|Putative replication protein
atgaaccacggcaaagctggcctgcgtggcaaggtgggcggctggacggccgcaagctcccgtcgcaacatgcgcttcctgtggtctgtcgccacagacgggctcaccggcgacggctattccttcaccctcacggtgcgggactgccctgcaaatcccaaggaatgggcagcttggtgcaagatctatttcgagcggctctttgcccgtgacgccatcaggctgcactgggtcattgaatggcagcggcgcggatgccctcacctccacgggtcgatctacttccctccgcgggagttcgaggatcagcgcgaacgggacatggcccgcgtcctgacctgctgggtggatgacaacccttttggggctgccttccagtctcaacgtgccctcccgatttatgatgccctcggatgggccaagtacgttgccaagcacgccgctcgcggcgtgcgccactatcagcggtcaccggagaacatccctcagggatggcagggggccacgggtcgcatgtggggctatcgtggctcttggcccctctcagagcctctcaggatcgacctacaggacaagcagggcgatgggggctggtatgcgttccgccggctggtgagggcttacgcggtcgctcaggcccgtctgaagcctgaccggtcgggccatgcgttcgctaggtcgatgctcaaggccaacacgcgcgagttgggcgaggtgcgcgggatcgcgtcgtgggttccgatgtcgatcgtcgagcagctgatgggcaacctcgatgacaggggcttcgcggtcagttttcgcgccaacgtcgccagcgacacgggtgtgggccggtag
>gene_42358|conjugal transfer protein TraG
ttgatcggatacatctggtatgaagcaccggatgaagaaaagaacttcacgaccctgcttgagctgatcaatgcatctgaggctcgtgaggacgatgaaagcttcaaaaatgcagtggatttgatgtttgaggacctggcagaaagagaaccggatcactttgcggttcgacaatatgccaagtataagcttgcagccggtaagacagcgaaatctattttgatcagctgcggtgccaggttagcaccctttgatatcaaggagctgcgagatcttatgagctatgatgagctcgaactggatctcatgggagacaggaaaacagcgatgttcgtcatcatcagtgatacagatgataccttcaactttgtggtcagcatcatgtacacacagctgttcaacctgctctgcgatcgagcagatgataaatacggcggcaggcttccggtccatgtccgctgtctgcttgatgagtttgcgaatatcggtcagataccgaagttcgacaagctgattgcaacgatccgatcccgtgagatctctgcatcaattattctgcagtcccagagtcagctgaaggccatttacaaggactctgctgataccatcgtgggcaactgtgataccacactattcctgggtggaaaggaaacgaccaccctgaaggaaatgtctgaaatgctcggtaaagaaaccattgacctttacaacaccacggacacgagaggaaccagccgtagctacggcatggacatttacgcaaaagtgaagtataatagaccgagagagctggcggctgttgttaacagcgcatttaagcagaccagttctaacgattaa
>gene_5086|Putative RepA protein
atgacccaccaactcgacctgttccgggagctgaccccggctggcatgtggtgcagcgatgacccctcccgctacgggcagcggcacatgccgcgcacgccagccctgcggcatgcctacatcgacccgaaccccaaaggccgcgtgtgggccatggtgttcgacatcgaccgccctggcgctgcgctggcttgggatgatgccgacatgcccgcgccaaactgggtggccgagaatccggccaacggccacgctcacctgggctacgttctggctgcgccggtatcgcgtggcgatgccagccgcggcaagccaatccggctgctggctcgcatcgagtgcgccatgaccgacgcgctcgatgccgaccgcgcctattcgcaccggctcaccaagaaccccggccatccgcgctggcgcacgttctgggagcgtggccagccctacgacttcgacgagctgcgcgagtacctgccggacaatctgccgctgcgcatcactcacgccaccgccaccggcgaaggccgcaacgtggcgctgttcgatggcctgcgccgctgggcctaccgcaaccgtctggcgttcaacgcctttgagccgtggcatgcggcctgccgtcagcgcgcccgcgtgctcaacgagttttcccacccgctgccgctcaacgaggccatgcacacggccaagagcgtcgccaaatggacatgggcgcggttcacgccggaagccttcgccgccgtgcaatcagcgcgtggccgcagatccggcaaagcccgcaccactgccgtcacccttccccgttacgcagctatcgccgacttcgttggaggccagcaatga
>gene_12824|Chromosome partition protein Smc
atgcaaatggcaatttcaaactcattccattgctctgctaaaaagcatagcattaaaaataaagctgcattaggaaaagtccaaggacacaattcacgcagctataattcaatcacacaatcaaaagataatatctacgacttgcatggaactgcagcaactctttctgcagatgtaattgactttatcaatgaacaattcaaagatactgtagacagctataacgaaaatcaaaaacgaaacgatagaaaaatcaaaacagatccatttgaatattttgagtcaaacaaacaaatggatgttgcgactgaagctatttttcaaattggtgacaaaggcttctggtcaaattatagaactgacaccaaattaggtacgaataaaaaaggcaagccaattgttaaacatgagttttctgatcaagttaaaacttcaactagcaatatattttctaaacaagctgaagctgtagaaaacatttatattaccgaaaagaaagtaatcagaaataaaatacaaactgcattcgatactgcagataaatacttatggaactttcaaaacgaacactctcttgaattaaaaatgcaatttgaagatatatttgtaacgaagaagaaagaagaacaaaaagcgaagtttaatgctttaaatgatgaacataaagctctatataaagagtttgaacagtacaaacaagactggagcattattaaagacagccgattacttgaaagaattgacgaaaaccaaatgcatattaagttagttaatctaactgcacacttcgatgagaatagcccacacgctcatggcgttatggtttgttgggctgatggatttaaaaagggcttgtcttcaagattagcaaaatcaattgttatgaataaatggacactggaagttatccaggataaattgcatcaaattgctttagaacaaatgaaagacaacgatatttttaaagatgtagatttaaaagacaaagaaaaaggcagagattatcactatgatgtagaagaatacattgataaacaacttcatgaaaaacaacaaaaaattgacgaacaacaatcaattataggtaatttagaaaaagaaatcgaggtattaaaaacagaaaaaacaacacttcaaaaagagctaattgagcaaaaatctctattagatgatttaaaacgctcgtatagagctgttttagaaaaagcaaagaaaatagtagatgctattcagcctctagaacgccttcaggcagttctaaatatcatttgggattttcctcgacactttatggaacttgcagataaactagcaaatgaatacaaattagacgatgaacaactagatgatctagaagaattttatcaaactgcgaaagatgctaattacacacttgatgaggtcattgatttagctaaagatattgctgaaaataacgacgaatttgaagaaacaataatagaaatcgatgatttagaacgataa
>gene_48941|Mobilization protein
atggacgagcggacgccccatctgcattttctgctatcgtgcgacgaaaagtcggtaaaacgatacaaaaaccggcatggggaatgcttcaaagagaaagtcgggctaaatgcgaaccgctgggggcctgattttctggtggggcttcacgatcggcacgcccgccacaatgaggttttcggcctgaaacgaggccagcccggcagtaaggccaaacacaagccagtcaaggagtattaccgggatttggccaaactcgagcgcaggctgtccaagaaagctgaacaggtcgagatggtgccagagctaatcgaggtgatcgacgttctggcggaatctatcgaaggtctggacccgccgaaccgtcaactggccagactggcaaaactcgcctcccggctcgttcaaaaagcacgggggggtgtcccccccgaacccccccgtggtttggggatggggggcggctga
>gene_48940|Plasmid recombination protein
atgtattgtaccctacgaacccaaaaactcaaagaccggaaaaagatcaccgaggcggccagccacaatttccggctgaggcatcaaggcaacatcgacgccacccgcagccaactcaaccgcgtcctggtcaacaacctgggagcggatctaacgagggctgaggggctgcaggaagccatcagcgcccactacaaggccataggggccaaggagaacaaagacagcgttctggcccaagagtttgtcatatcggccagcccggagtttttcacgggcaagagccgagccgaggtggataaatgggcctcccatcaggtcgagttcatgcggcaggag
>gene_22040|Rolling circle replication protein, Rep63 protein
gtggtggctttttcacgatgcggattcaaaggtcttggcgggccgaatcaacatcacacagaacttaaagatcatgataactcaattttctcaagtttcgcaactaactcgccgccactttgcggcgggttcatgactgcgactcaaaaataccaacccctaggtaagaatagcgttactccaccctacagaaaacataggggtggaatcctgcttgcgactgctcaacggctgacatctgactacttcaaacaacacggtgaaaatctgccgggttcatctgtacttggctgcttgcgctggcgtcgtcgtggcgaggccccagggatagctcaaatcgaggtctcagacggtgatgcccagtatgtgggtatgttcaggtgcggcactgggaaaacctgcccacgctgcagcaatgccgtcgtagcgcgtaaccgttcttggatacgtgctgagcttctgcccacgcttgagcttcttggatacaaatcttccatggtcacactgactatttcccacaaggtaacggaagattggcgtgttgttgtcaaaacgctacacaaagcgttcaagctttgggacaagcgaatgtcaaaaatctacgaaaagttgggttacgtaggcaagctaaaatcgtttgaggctaccgttggcttcaacggcatacaccctcatttccatctgctgttgccgcacctggagcttgataccttggtgctgtatgacttggtgcgcaagatgcgcgaggcttggtcacaggctgtttctgagtgcggaagctatgtgaacgaccacgggtttgacttcatggaaaatgcggccgaaacctatgtcgcaaagatggagcttgcacacgaaatggcgtcgtcttcgaagtcagcacggcgcaagggtaagacacctcaacagctattggtagcagcagcaaagggcgatgctgtcgccggtttgtggtggcaaaaaatgatgcaagccatggatggtgaaaagcgttttcatgctggtgcgttgccgaaaaagttgggcatcaaaacgcctaccgactgggatgatttacctacaaaccccactgttgtaattgagccaaacatcgatgctgacttaccacccgatgactggtttatagactacgtggctccggtggaacctgagccagtcgtcctcaatatcacatacaaacacgatgaccatatgcgtgctacgcacccatcactcgggcgacctggcttggcaatgattcttcgtgcagctagtcgaggtggccaggctggcgtagacagaatggtctctgcactctgcacggaatataagcggaaaaactggtatcagtcgatggacttcgtcgaccggatgctcttggatattcagtatccagagcttgtggccgcagccaaaaataggcccctaacacctgaagaagtgaaggtatatttggctggtaaagcttaccgttggtcgtctactctggaacctgtttcggcctga
>gene_39558|plasmid mobilization protein
atgcactttgcaaagtatggaaagcaagaagtaatgaaattgtttgagcattatacgagagaaagtagcagggcacactatatagacaagagcaggagcaaagacaacgattatatctacaatggcaaaatagccgaatttgaagaaacctataaacccacaggtaaatacccaaagagcgataccataactaattatatgcttaaagagatagataggagatgtcgcaggaagacaagagaagatagtgtgctgatggtggacttaatcataacacaaccaaaagagttagggcaaaccaaagaccaagcattttttgataagtgtatgcaggttcttgaaagggactacataaagaaagacaattttttaatggcaagcatacacacggatgagagaaaagatggtcaaccacacttgcactactcatttattccactcatagaagataaaaagaaaggtggcgagaaactttgtgcaaaggagttcctgaacttaaagtttcttaaatcatttcatcaagatatggaacgaaagacaggctacaaactgacacttgaagatgacaaggttcgcaatctaacaatgaaagaatatcaaaataaaaaagatatagagaaattgcaaaaagatataaaagaacaagaaaaacaaatagaacagttaaaagaaaaacaaaaagagaacgagaaaaaaataccacctgattataaaaaatattatgcagaattaagtagagaatatggagaatatcaaagtaaggtaaatagttttatgtttgaaaaagatttagaaattgaatgggaagaatatcaaaaagagcaggggttatcgctctaa
>gene_30617|RepB
atgatgaacaaatctgcaagagaagattctgcgatccggcgcaacgctaagagtgccggcgcagcaaaagatggtcgttgccgcaattgggggcttgtgatctaccccgattctgctcctgatcgatggcagcatatccttgatgatctacacattcaatgggttgaaggtccgctgcatgacaaggatgtcaatgaaggcaccggtgaggtaaaaaaacctcattggcatgctgtcctcatgtttgacaatgttaaagcccctgctcaagtcaaagagatcgctgatcttgttcacgctgcataccctgagcgcatcaactctttgcgtggtgccattcggtatcttgctcacttggataaccctgacaaagcgcagtatgatcgtaatggcatcattcctcatggcggttttgatgtagatcagtatcttattgctacagctgcttcacggcatgccatgattggccaaatgcagtcctattgtcgtgatcacggcatttttgacatgtgtgatctcatggactatgccagagagaaccggtcctctgattggtatccgcttctatgtgatcgatgcacttatgtgatggaggtttatttgaaatctatgcgtggtaagcgttctgacgctaaagctgctgcagatcgtgctgcagccgaatttgttcctggcacaacccctcgctccgctcgggcttctgcgggtctccaacccctcccccctgatcttgatggagttagtcccgatctgatccgtcttgatgatggtactttgaagcatgttgatcccgataccggagaggttattgggatgatccttcccccgatcgtgcgttaa
>gene_13462|recombinase
atgggagtaacgatttcgacgcataatggaagtaaggtatgcagggagcataacatacgcaacgaaaaggttgtcagcaaggaatctcatatcaagccgaatgggaattatgagatatggcatgatgagaagctttcggatgcgtataaccgattgttcggtaaggcattggcagactacaacgcaaagcagacaagggcagaccgaaagatagacgattatttaaagcacgtcagagcagatgattctaggcatgagtgctatgaaatgattgtcgcaatcggtaattccaaaggagaaatggtggatgaggaacttggaagaatggcattgataaaatttgtttatggcgatgagaataatccgtcatggcaagaacgtaatccgaatttggagattgttggatgctattaccatgctgatgaagagggtgtacctcacattcacatagactatgttcctgtggctcatggatataaaaagggattggaaacgcagaacggacttgtaaaagcctttcaagagatgggattggagaagcagggcaaggcaactgcacagatacaatgggaatcgagagaaaacaagcttttggaaagccttgtgaatcagatggggtatgaagtcgagcatccaaaggagaaccgagagcatatccatacaagagaatacaagcaggcacaggagcaggtcgaagtattccgaaaagagatggatgcgattgctagtcgctacgaatcggctcaatttcgacttaattcggcaaaggtggagttagagagccttgaaagagaaaaaatggaaattaggggcaaaatagacggaattaaggctacttctaaggtactatcagaggtcgaagttgaggaaatcgaagtcaagtctgttccgttgcagaaagataaggtcattatagacaagcatgaatatgatagcctgcgaacaactgcacagttggtagacagtgttctcggtcagcttgaagtcctttcgagcgagcgagaaagcaaactgaaacagaccgagaaagagtgtgagaatatggttcagcaggcgagaagcgacatagagcatttgacacaggaaaagcaatctagactagatagcctggataaaaagattcaagaatccgaatcggaactgcaagtctatgagaaaagcatacgcaaattcaaggcaagagaaaaaagtcttgaacgaagagaagaactgataaaggagtttgaagggaatcaaatgagttttcgtccgaaagtggcagaagccttgttcaagatatggtcgcattacaaggacatg
>gene_56175|Plasmid recombination protein
atgggagtaacgatttcgacgcataatggaagtaaggtatgcagggagcataacatacgcaacgaaaaggttgtcagcaaggaatctcatatcaagccgaatgggaattatgagatatggcatgatgagaagctttcggatgcgtataaccgattgttcggtaaggcattggcagactacaacgcaaagcagacaagggcagaccgaaagatagacgattatttaaagcacgtcagagcagatgattctaggcatgagtgctatgaaatgattgtcgcaatcggtaattccaaaggagaaatggtggatgaggaacttggaagaatggcattgataaaatttgtttatggcgatgagaataatccgtcatggcaagaacgtaatccgaatttggagattgttggatgctattaccatgctgatgaagagggtgtacctcacattcacatagactatgttcctgtggctcatggatataaaaagggattggaaacgcagaacggacttgtaaaagcctttcaagagatgggattggagaagcagggcaaggcaactgcacagatacaatgggaatcgagagaaaacaagcttttggaaagccttgtgaatcagatggggtatgaagtcgagcatccaaaggagaaccgagagcatatccatacaagagaatacaagcaggcacaggagcaggtcgaagtattccgaaaagagatggatgcgattgctagtcgctacgaatcggctcaatttcgacttaattcggcaaaggtggagttagagagccttgaaagagaaaaaatggaaattaggggcaaaatagacggaattaaggctacttctaaggtactatcagaggtcgaagttgaggaaatcgaagtcaagtctgttccgttgcagaaagataaggtcattatagacaagcatgaatatgatagcctgcgaacaactgcacagttggtagacagtgttctcggtcagcttgaagtcctttcgagcgagcgagaaagcaaactgaaacagaccgagaaagagtgtgagaatatggttcagcaggcgagaagcgacatagagcatttgacacaggaaaagcaatctagactagatagcctggataaaaagattcaagaatccgaatcggaactgcaagtctatgagaaaagcatacgcaaattcaaggcaagagaaaaaagtcttgaacgaagagaagaactgataaaggagtttgaagggaatcaaatgagttttcgtccgaaagtggcagaagccttgttcaagatatggtcgcattacaaggacatggaagagaagcatagcaagacgaacaaggaagaagccgacattagatttgagtatgtgaaaagcgtggaagcttctgctgatgccataatacttaatagcgttgataaagaactagaactttttgaacgtcagcaacaaagaaaacaaacccaaagacaacgtgggtttgactttaagagatga
>gene_1205|Plasmid recombination enzyme family protein
gagaaacacaaacaaaaaggcttagagccgttggttaagaagaacgctgttcttggctgggacgtagttttaacggctactgatttcaagaatatcaatatcgacaaatgggttaaatcaaaccaggagtggttgaataaaactttcggcaaagacaacgttcatactatggtcctacactgtgatgaaacaacaccacatttacattgttttgtgacaccgttccactacagtgagaagcttcatcgctacgtttcaggagtgaaacattggaccaacggaacagtggcattacgaaagcttcaggactcgtattatgacacagtgagcaaacaatttggtctatctaggggaatcgactcccaaattacaggagccaagcacactgaagctgccgaatttcactctaaaaaggctcgtaaatcgtttgaagagtattggatagggttgaagccttctgaacgcttagaatgggcttacagggcaaatttaaggctttctcagcttgataagaacagttcggcatttaaacattatcaaacacagcttgaaaaaattaaaaagtcggaacccgaattatttacagctttagaaaaaattttatcaaacacaagtggttcaatagctgagccgaataaatttgcagctaaagctactccacaggataaatcttttggaatgatgtttaaattaggagctatgtttatggcttcagtaatggctcaaaatgaaactgtaaatacttctatgtcagcgttggatcttcttatgaaagtcgaaggttacgatttagaaacagctaaaaaaattcttaataaagacaccctagaaatgtga
>gene_33979|Protein Rep
atgtggattgagaagaataagaaaatagggcgtgaatttaatccttttactggtcataaagaagatgtatataacatggacaagtctaaggaatggtttcattatgattattctaaaaagagaataaagagtaccaatcaagttgctatatgtagtggtaatattattgagattaagcaatatgagagtccagttttttataattttgagggcaactctaagggcaagagtggtggtgctaaacaaaaacgtgctaataatataaatcaatctaaaatgaaattaaggcgtttaataaatagtaatataaaaccttattcaaagtttattactttgacttttgctgataatgtaacggatatgaaaaaagctaaaattgaatttaagaattttgttaaaaggttgaattataagcttaaaaagaaaggatcaaaaaatcttaaatatgtttatgttgttgaatttcagaaaaggggggcaatacattttcatgttataggatttaatcttggatttataaaaaatagtgatttaagggaaatgtggaaacatggttatgtaactataaataaaataaataatgttgataatgttggggcgtatgtagttaaatatatgtctaaagatttggttaatgaaggtcttaacgggcatgacctttatggtagaagtcgtggaaatttagaagaacctatagaaataaaaaaccctcaggaagtcgggcaacttcttgagagttacgaaaataaaattgtttattccaaaacttacaatactgagtattttggtgaatgtcaatatatccaaattaatttgacacgctcaaaaactctttaa
>gene_206|Plasmid recombination protein
atgtacgcaatttgcagaactcagaaatatcacagcaatgacctcggcaagatacagggacatcacacaaggagcaaagagtcatttgccagcaatcccgatattgacccagagatgtcaaagtacaacaagacaaatctgcaagatatggctaacgaagtaaaacgcagatgtgttgaatttaacccaaaatcaagcgcagtaatgtgctttgaagtgataattacagcaagcccagagtttttcccaagcgattggaaagagaaagtcaaggcaggagaagactttctcaagacaagagaatggaagtacatggcggaactgggaagagaagtaggcaagaagttcggggatgcgaactgtgtaggctatgctctgcacctggatgagaagacgccacactattccctgattttcattcccagaacaaatgacgggcgtttatgcgccaaggaagtgttgggaccgaaatccctcacgcaactgcaagacctggcgggagaagtcggcaagccttacggcttggagcgtggtacatcacgggatgccaaggaacgcaaaaagcacttatccagcaaggaatacaaggccgaaaaggacaaggaggctacggctgccaagattgataaaatccaacaatcaatacaacggctctacaaggccgtgagacgagagaaagaaaaaatcttggaagagtacaacaaactgcgtttgagcgttctacgggtctgtgacggcctctcaaaagaacaaaaagacgaggtcatggcattgataaacaaattcaaagcagagaacctagaggccgaaaatctggatgcaggaccacgggcctaa
>gene_37625|Plasmid replication protein
atgccatcaacctaccagcgggacctgttcgcggcaagcgccccccggcggccctactgcaccaacgacctggcccagggcctgcgcattcgcccccaggcccaggccctgacccaccgctacatccagcacaacccgcccaaggccctggccttcctggtgttcgacttcgaccgcccaggcgccctggtggcccatgaggacgccggcctaccctcccccacctggtgcgccgaaagccgcgacacccgccgcggccatctggcctacgccctggcctgcccggtcatcacctccgacgcggcccgatcggcgcccctgcggttcgccgccgccgttgaacaggggttccgggacgccctgcgcgcggattcgggctactccaacctgctgaccaagacgcccggccatgaggactggaacacccgctggggccgggccgaggcgttcaccctggaagagttggccgactacctcccccacggcctgcccaaggtcaggaaacgccgcgaggaagcgtcagggctgggccgcaatgtctccctgttcgagggggtgcggcaatgggcctaccgggcgcgcctgcggttcgacgactgcgaccaatggcacgccgcctgcctggattacgccctgaacctcaacggcgcgtttcccacgcccctggcagcctccgaggtgcgcgccacggccaagagcgtggccaagtgggtctggcagcggttcaatgccgccgggttctccgaggtccagcgcaagcgcggccagttgctgggggtggcccgaaaatctgccgcgatggacaccctacaagccgtgttggagttgagccgatga
>gene_20279|Zonular occludens toxin (Zot)
atgttctctgaagaagcatccagcgaaaaactcggtattaaaaatgctcttgaagtagttaaatatcgggcagagtttgcaagggaaaatcctacatatttcgatgctgatggtttgattgtttatgtgggtcctcaaggatctggtaagacactatcagcagttaagtatgtttataatttgatgaaattatatcctaacgctaaattagtaacgaatctgatgttaaaagattatccgattgtaactctaaatgaatttataaaagagcattacaatctgaagacagaaaagcattttgatgagttgtctgattatagccagtacaaaatcataactgattatttactgcttaatcgtgtttttccgttcaataattcggatgacctcatgcggtattcaaatgaccaggaagggattatataccttattgatgaaattcaattgtattttaactcgttggagagcaaaaacataaatatggatgttatgactgaaatcagtcaacaaagaaagcagcgtaaacatattgtctgtacttctcaggtattcggaagattagcaaagccattaagggaacaatttaattgtgttgtatcctgcaataactatttccgattattacagataaattcatacatgagacaggaagacattatcagtacagatgatatgaaactagaaggaacatcatttaaaaaaagtatcttctttcactctccagcagattacggccgatatgatacatactacaaaatagaaaaaaacaatttcgtatcagaagaaggaaaggtgaccgagatatatgacagatacactcttaacagaggggagtaa
>gene_8722|Replication protein RepB
atgaagttagcaaagtcaatgaacatcgagaaaagcaaacagaaatcagcaataaaccagtatgacaacgcattagccgtaatgagcaacactttagcacgtgcacagacccactggaacgctgaagaaactaagataatgctctatgcagtatcacaatttaacagacgagataaagacaactgggtatcactgaataaagccgatttaatggagaaactaggctatggtgataacttcacttacttgagaaacagagcaatttcaatgatgaaaaaggcaatcatctcatttgatggaccaacaaaagcagaatgggacgatggttttatgttcacaagggtaaagagtacccgaaaaaatctgatgatccgattcaatgacggctatgatgaattactcgaacagttaaccagtcacttcaccgaatactatctggacaacctcatggatcttcaaagcaaacacgcaattgccctatacatgtacctgtccagctggttcaattcagaagtattcgaacagcatacagagctttacaagaatgacctaaaaagcatcttcaacctatcagcaaatgattactggagaaactacggaacagacaaagcaaaatttgactgggcatcattcgaaaagagatgtctgaacaaggcaaccgaagaaataaacgcatcaaaacaatgtgacatcagaataaccaagtgcatcaaactgaaaaagcacgcaatggtcacaggttatgaaatcatatgggcaccattagaccccaaaacgagaaaatgggcatttaagaaccctttagacgctcaaatgacaattgatgactacttatag
>gene_1354|Initiator RepB protein
gtggagcagcgcattgttctttacatcgtttctaagataaagccaggtgatacggaatttagaactgtatccatgtcaatacgggagttctgcgctgtgacgggcataacataccagcagaacttgtcccagctgaaagataacgtaaaagccctggcagataagtcgatatggtttaatcgcccaggaacaaagacaaaaacattgatccgttggattgaaaagccagagcttgaagaagattctgacgtgatacggattcgcctggactctgatttgatgccgtatctgctgcaattacggagcaatttcacggaatacgaattgctgaatatcctggcacttcgctccaagtattctgtacggctttacgagctgctgaaaagctacttgcatatcggacaccacgacatcactattgagcagctgcgggactatctccgcattactgatggatacgaacagacgaagtattttaaccgtgacgttgtggcaccggcagtttcagaaatcaatgaatacactgatattgaggttgaatatcagtacatgaagaaaggtaagcatatctctggttaccggttcacgatcacggagcagacagacaacgtaaacatcctggcaaaggcttatctgtctggaaaacgccccaataagcacagaagaaaaacagagctaaaggaagcctttgagcagctgcaacagcagattgaaatggaacagctgcaaatagacatggattaa
>gene_56844|replication protein
gatctgtccctggtggagcagcggatagtcctttacatcgtgtcaaagataaagccaggtgatacggagttccgaaccgtgtccatgtccatacgggaattttgtgctgttaccggcattgaatatcagcagaatttgtcccagctgaaagacaacataaaggctctggctgataagtccatatggtttcaacgtcctgggacaaagacaaaaacgttgattcgctggattgagaaaccagagcttgaggaagatacagacacggttcgtattcgcctggactctgatctgatgccgtatctgctccagctgaaaagcaacttcacggaatacgagctgctgaacatcctggcacttcgctctaaatactcagtacggctttacgagctgctgaaaagctacttgcatatcggacactatgaagtaaccatagagcagctgcgggactacctacgcattacagacggctacgaagaaaccaaatatttcaaccgtgatgttattgcaccagctgtttccgaaatcaacgagtacacggatattgagatagaataccagtacatgaaaaagggacggaacatatccggctatcgttttacaatgacagagcagacggacaacgtcaacgtcctggcaagagcgtacctctctggcaaacgtcccagtaagcacagaagaaaaacagagctaaaggaagcctttgaacagctgcaacagcagattgaaatggagcagctacaaatagatatggattaa
>gene_1303|RepA protein
gtgcttgctatgttgacagaatattctaatgaaaaaaggttagagccttacggatgtggttttgtcggattacttgatattgcaagttataatccgttgttcgatgataaccgtcctaaatattcggtatttgtaaaatatcttggcgattcgggttttgtttatgatccgtattcaaaaagagtctatgcttacaatcctattttgggaacatatgacgaatgtgacgaatcacgtttaaaaaatctaatctattatttatggcgcataaaaacggatggaaattttaatctcttggctagggatgttcattccatagttgaacaatttaaaagtacgttccatgttgatgatttgagattactttttaaggaatttcaaacaaaacatcccgaatatgaaaaaagtacttttttacccgttgatggtctacttttaaacatccctaataaacacgatatttttccttttaggaatgggttatttaattcggaatttgaggaaataatacctcattgtcgttataattttgtaacgattccatatgatcatgactttgatctgttgtcgaaagatgatctctttaaatcagaaattaaggacaattatctttcaattttttccgatgtggacacgttgaaatattttatttattgggttgggcagttactttttgaagaacgccctttgccatgttttttaaattttgttgggcgtggcagtacaggtaaaactttaatttcgtctattttatgtgaaattttaggtagaaaaaggtctacaacagttaaattaaccgatttaatggacacacatggtttttctatcgtggaaaataaggatttgctagtttgtaacgaatcggaatctgtaaaaacagctacaaacatgattaaagaattggtaggacagacctttatacaaatcaatcctaaatacagggatctgagggaaatagaaaatagttgtcgtttaattgtttgtggaaataagtatctagatgttgatgtaacggacagcggtattaaaagacgtattcgtatcattagattccgcaatcatttagatcttgaatttggaaaatatctttatgacaatttatcttcaaaacatggtaaagattggttaatcagttgtgcatattattgttggaaagattcttggtttaagaccgaagaaagtatgcaatctctatctatgaaagatgaatttaacaccatgattaaatttgatccgttgaatgagtggttattgtcctgttgtgacggatcattggataaggatgttgttggacgtaaattccataaaagaaatcgtaaagatgtttatgatgatttttgcgcctattgttacaataatcttggagataaacctttaaaaatggttcaatggaataaaaaaatgagtgtggattatgatctagaatctaaaaacggcagtagctatacatatctttattatagattcattgataaagagtga
>gene_56842|Conjugal transfer relaxase TraA
atggctatttatcattttagcgggtgtgttataggtcgctcaagtgtgccaggagcaaccgccacggcggctgcagcatatagagcaggagagcagatcggcgaacatgactacacaagaaaaaagaatattgcctggtctgggttgttgtatcctgataattgcccagagcgtttaaagtctcgtcaagccgtatggactgaagttgatactattgaaaaacgcaaggatgctcagctgtatcgcagtttcgactttgcatttcctaactcatttacctatgacgactgcagagaagtgctctgcgcatttgcacagtcgcaatgggttaatgaaggtatgattgcagacttgagcatacatgacactacatacgatggacagcgcaatttacatggacatgcaatgctcacgttaagacatattacgcctgacgggtttggcaacaagaaccgtgcatggaatgagcatgaacttatggaaaaatggcgtgccgagtgggaagtgcatgttaatatgcgattacttcagtataagcgcaccaatgaatttatagaccatcgaagttatgagcgtcagggtaacggattagcccctacaaggcatttaggaccgtttagaacgattttggagcgagatggtcagtcaactgaattaggacgctcaaatcgtctgaaaatgaccttgaacgacaaaataaaacgtggcgcgggatggttgatgagaagaggacgcgaaaaggaattgaagcaggcagaactgcgaaaacgtatggacgttgttgcaggtctgaatgctgaaaagaagaggagccatgatgcggaagagcggtaa
>gene_54635|Putative Replication initiation factor
atcgcgccggttcgcgttcacgttccggggctggtgctgctgcaggcagactggcgcgtcgttgtcgctgcggtgttcgcgcttctggagagttggcagttcatcgtagaggatacgaccgtttcacgtgtcgaccttcaaacaacgttcagatctgacttctcccgtcttgctgccgatgtaacgtctgaccgcgttgttactgactgtcggggcgacagggtcgtttatgctaatgttcatacgcttaaacctgatacggtttggttccgttctaatacgatggaactgtgtatttatgacaagagcgtcgagcttcaatctaataaggtttcaaatgagtataaggcagcgtgggggcgtctatatgacttgcaagaaccggggctttgtcgcgtcgagttcagactaaagagcgacgcgctgcgccgttggggagttcggacgttggagcagctggaagaccttctaccgtctatcgtcgatagacttacttcgacctggttcagagtgctaaaaaaaccgaaggtcagggggcacgaaaacagcgcggaattatcggcgttatggggtcaaattcgcgccgctttttcgcgggtgttcgatggtagcctcaaacagctaacgccgattaaacgacgaaaaacagcccattataatcagttgttagctattgcccggggctgcatctcttccgcccttccttacgcagccgagggcgcgttacaatctgattttgacgacggtttcaaagttgtaatttgtgatttgcttacagggcttccggagaagtgcagaaagcagctttatcagtatctacaattcgagacgtaa
>gene_35125|Initiator RepB protein
atggatactgatttgcagatagtgaagtcgaaccaaatcatcgaggcgtcgtatcgcctgagcgttgccgaacagcgtgtcattctctcggcaatcagtcaggtgcgccgcgataaacccgttaccgatgaagtgttgtacagcgtcactgcggccgaccttgcggagctttgcggcaccgatccaaagactgcttatcgtgacctccagaatgccgccgaacgcctgcaaacccgcagggtgagcctgattctcgaaccggatggtgtcaccatccgttccaagcgccgccgcgtcacctgctgggtgcagacggtcgattacatcgatcaggaaggccgcgttgagatgcgctttggcaaagacatcctgccctacctgacaggcctccagcgcgaattcacacgctacgcgctgtccgacgtggccaagatgactagtgcttacggcatccgtctttacgagctactggttcaatggaaaggcggtcaccgcgaggtcgctttagacgacctgcgccgctggctccaactggaagaccgctatccctcgatcaaggatttcaagcgatgggtactcgatcctgccgtcgagcagatcaatgaacacagccccctgatgctgacatggagtcagcgcaagactggccgcaaggtcacgcacttggtgtttgattatgccccgaagaagcccgccaaggcggtgggcaaggctccagcgaagcgcaaggccggcaagatttcagatgctgagatcgcgaaacaggctcggcctggtgaaacatgggaagcggcccgcgctcgactaaaccagatgccgctggatctggcctag
>gene_7347|replicative protein
atggaaataaaggctttagaggactttacaattaacgaaaatgctctaatttctcttaaaaaaatgggacataattacgaggtatgctattgtgagcatcgtaacaataaaattgctattcagttaattgataaagacaattacatctatttgcctagtggtgaggtaagacaatgtaatcatattgaatctcgtgccgataataagttacaagtttctcaatctcttaaaaggttgcgtgaatatatcaataccaatgttatagatacttctcgttgtaaatggattactttaacctataaagagaatatgactgacactagccgactatacaaggactttaaacgatttgttacacgctttaagcgtaaatttggtaacatagagtatatcgttgcttgtgagcctcaaggtagaggggcgtggcacttacattgtatttttatctttaacaaaaaatgtccttatatttctaacactattgttgctagtctatggggacaaggctttacaaagacacaaaaattatctaacaatatcgataatatcggtgcttacttaactgcttatttaggagatatgtctttagaagatgcaaaaagtcaaaagattgattttaacaaaaaagatataaaagaagttaccgagattgataatatgactttgtcaaaacctaagaaatttgtaaaaggtgctagattggtgctttaccctccaaactttaacctttatcgagtttcaagaggaataaaaaagcctaccaaagagttacttccttatggtagagcaaaagaaaaagtaggctctgctttaaaacctacttatgtgaaa
>gene_38805|Replication initiator protein
atgaagaaagaacagaagtatctaaccattaggaaacaagaagtagttaaagcaaatgaattgatacaaaagagttgtttttctctgtctaccatacaacaaaaaattgttctgtatttgatagcacagataaagcccacagatgaagatttcaagaagtatgaattttatgttcgggacttttgtaggatttgcgatattgattatgataacggcggaaactacaaaatgttgaagaatgaaattaaaaaaattagagaccaaagcgtatttgtaaaacttcctaacggtgtagaaactacattctcgtggattgccaaaccttattttcacgaaaaaagcggtttggttgaaattagattggatgaagatttgaagcccttattattacagttgaagggcggtttcactcattacgaattgatttatacattacagtttagaagtaaattttcaatcaggctgtatgaattgataaagagcattcattatcacgatttagaagattatacctatacatacaaaatagaggacttaaagcgtttaatggatgctgaaaattataaaacattccagcatttcagggatagggcgttggatatagcagtaaaagaaataaatcaatacagcgataaactattatcttatgttgacattagagaaggtttgaaagtggtaaaaattatgtttaccataaagaccaaagatataatagatgtattgaaaatgcgtattgaattagataagaaaatggggatagacccaaatcaaatgtcattgtttgaagaagttgtagcagaagaaccagtagcagagccaacagaagaacagtaa
